open your iphone’s settings. scroll down and tap general. tap accessibility. , tap keyboard. tap quicktype. slide the quicktype switch right to the “on” position. tap and hold a word you want to type. , type the word you wish to add to the text field. tap on the word to add it to the field.
wipe off the shoes with a clean, dry cloth. use a damp cloth. sprinkle baking soda on the cloth. rinse off the baking soda. apply a leather conditioner to the shoes.
start a level. move through the level. find an enemy or object to freeze. freeze enemies. defeat the enemy.
open powerpoint and create a new presentation. click on the "slide master" tab at the top of the screen and select "edit" from the drop down menu. select the type of font you would like to use for the header and footer of your presentation. decide if you want to include an image in your template. decide whether you want a picture or clip art to be included in your presentation template. save your template by clicking on "file" followed by "save as type" and selecting "save template as.", name your template and give it a name. save the template to your computer. finished.
mix the oats and water. heat the bowl in the microwave. add the marshmallow, graham cracker, and chocolate chips. finished.
determine your budget. read product reviews. talk to other athletes about their sunglasses. make an appointment with an eyewear specialist. consider purchasing a warranty on higher cost pairs.
know where vermont is in the usa. learn about the history of covered bridges. know that covered bridges were built to protect against the elements of the weather. be aware of the state’s commitment to covered bridge preservation. know where to find covered bridges in vermont. decide what you want to do on your covered bridge or covered bridge tour. finished.
take your cat to the vet. give the vet information about your cat's symptoms. get a physical exam. get diagnostic tests. go to the hospital.
download the storycorps app. install the app. open the app after downloading. sign up for an account or continue without one. use the main app screen. choose "prepare an interview.", choose "record an interview" if you'd like some guidance. make a list of questions to ask. choose who you want to interview. pick your interview partner. pick a quiet place to record. record the interview. listen to your interview. edit your profile if you need to. save your recording. add a title to your story. share your story with others. publish your story to the internet.
eat a healthy diet. get regular physical activity. try meditation. get enough sleep. avoid alcohol and other substances. stop smoking and stop using drugs. manage your stress. get a good night’s sleep each night. exercise regularly. manage stress and anxiety.
practice deep breathing. meditate. practice mindfulness. try mindfulness. read a book. listen to music. get some fresh air. take a hot shower or bath. disengage from your work/school life. avoid multitasking. get enough sleep. exercise regularly. eat a healthy, balanced diet. get plenty of sleep. avoid alcohol and other stimulants.
understand that your copyright is automatic. understand what "copyright" means. understand your rights. register your song(s) with a commercial licensing agency. avoid the "poor man's copyright" gimmick. register a song with the u.s. copyright office for $35. create an account online. provide your account information. pay your fee. receive your notice of registration. check your credit card information. consider hiring an attorney. hire a lawyer. file a complaint with the uscoc. file an appeal.
learn about the band's history. learn about the boys' personalities. buy their music. listen to their songs. support them on social media. be a part of their fan base. support the boys on their social media accounts. join one directioner groups. be in love with one direction. be part of one direction's fan base group.
use a rust-removal product. use a rust converter. scrape the rust off with steel wool or an electric sander. use citric acid to remove rust.
understand the concept of covariance. look at the number of the covariance score. consider the correlation between the two data points. plot your data points on the x-y coordinate.
create an e-mail address at the register. make a list. set a budget. shop with the right mindset. make sure you're in a good mood before you go shopping. give yourself a reasonable timeframe to shop. pay with cash. don't shop with a friend if you don't want to bargain shop. shop alone when possible.
make sure your horse is completely dry before you begin to braid their mane. make sure that your horse's mane is dry. have someone help you with the braiding. consider getting a friend or family member to help you. braid your horse’s mane in sections. cut the mane into small pieces. finished.
understand how lightening your hair takes time. gather your ingredients. brew your tea. prepare your hair lightening treatment. apply your treatment to your hair. let your hair dry in the sun for 20 minutes.
work on improving your self-esteem. spend time with friends and family. take care of yourself. see a counselor. use coping techniques.
smile at her. talk to her. don’t compare yourself to other guys. be positive. be nice to them. have a good time with her friends. ignore your cell phone. show her that you’re interested in her. be yourself. make her laugh. learn how to make something from scratch. be who you really are. treat her family well. wear clean clothes. be well groomed. have good hygiene. be a gentleman. be confident. be kind to her friends and family. don't be a total jerk. be respectful. be fun to be around. be funny. be smart. be interesting. be original. be unique. be self-assured. be the best version of yourself.
search for your business on the major search engines. check other popular local listing websites. check if your business is listed on other websites. claim your listings. fill out your information. verify that you are the business owner. make sure your business qualifies for listings. click the "add business" button to add your business. create an account on the listing service. enter your business information. describe your business name, address, phone number, website, and category. provide a description of your location. provide your business's phone number and address. provide information about the type of service you provide. provide additional information about your hours and hours of operation. provide contact information. review your listing information. submit your listing to the website.
choose a sock. cut off the toe-end of the sock. slip the sock over the ponytail. pull the hair into the bun. roll the sock down. adjust the edges. secure the bun in place.
ask yourself the following question: what is the value of a 10-acre piece of land?, answer: alfred and roland have been hired to plow an acre. answer the next question: how much land is the amount of land that has been sowed. answer: how many acres is the total amount of seeds sowed? , answer: 10 acres. , answer the last question: is the land worth $100? , finished.
determine if you're addicted or not. if you are addicted, admit it. set goals. try using other things to occupy yourself. don't give up!, don't think of maplestory in negative terms. talk to your friends about your addiction. try private servers. private servers is a service that you can get for free if you want to play for a long time period of time. have fun with it!
combine the dry ingredients. add the wet ingredients to the bowl. heat the mixture in a saucepan over medium heat. add dry ingredients to wet ingredients. remove the mixture from the heat. finished.
decide what kind of back you want to be. work on your agility. focus on your strength and explosiveness. run as much as you can. practice. learn the routes. have fun while you're doing it.
write out a sales pitch. anticipate questions. be prepared for rejection. treat your interactions with customers as a stage performance. rehearse your pitch. practice in front of a mirror or with a friend. focus on one-on-one interactions. think about your shyness. project confidence. maintain assertive body language. use body language to your advantage. be aware of your body language and facial expressions. be confident in your actions and your words.
use a less formal letter format. state the reason for the cancellation. apologize for any inconvenience you may have caused. end the letter with gratitude and appreciation. send the letter.
turn on wi-fi security mode. go to “wi-fi settings.” click on “wireless”. set up a password. turn on wpa.
establish social boundaries with children. consider the husky’s background around children. keep a new dog on a leash around small children. teach children how to respond to aggressive behavior. train your husky to obey basic commands. introduce a new baby to the family.
determine if you are eligible to marry in montana. obtain a blood test for rubella immunity. gather the necessary information. fill out the marriage application. get a marriage license from the clerk's office in the county where you want to marry. submit the application. pick up the marriage license. pay the license fee. change the name of the couple’s name on the license. get married within 30 days of getting the license issued.
look for problems with your dog's skin and hair. assess whether your dog has lost or gained weight. watch for weakness and lethargy. look for digestive distress. make an appointment with a veterinarian. give your veterinarian as much information as you can. approve additional testing. discuss the diagnosis with your veterinarian. discuss treatment options with your vet. ask your veterinarian about treatment options for endocrine disorders. consider surgery as a last resort. take your dog to the vet for regular check-ups. make lifestyle changes as needed.
choose a sturdy conventional climbing shoe with a board last. choose a sport climbing shoe for light to moderate difficulty climbing. choose performance climbing shoes for advanced climbing. try on a lot of shoes to find the right fit. consider buying a leather or synthetic climbing shoe. buy a climbing moccin if you're an advanced clim.
spend time with your family. spend time with friends and family. talk to others. stay busy around the house. take up a new hobby. get out of the house and explore the outdoors.
preheat your crockpot to a low setting. prepare the seasoning. pour the ingredients into the crock pot. add the ingredients to the crockspot. , place the lid on and put the lid back on. finished.
bond with your aunt and uncle. respect your aunt/uncle. bond with your cousins. listen to your uncle/aunt. do favors for your aunt or uncle. do good deeds. be thoughtful. respect their religion. be friendly with their pets. respect the family rules. be kind. be thankful. finished.
gather information about the detention facility. find out where your detained employees are being held. consult an attorney. pay the bond for your detained employee, if necessary.
check the job ad. look for signs that indicate the business is currently hiring. go inside the business. don't feel pressured to apply in person. provide the required materials. write a cover letter. dress for the job interview. be polite and courteous. follow up with a follow-up email or phone call. be prepared for the interview process.
trim off the thin side of the ham. insert the fork into the meat. cut slices from the shank end to the butt end. finished.
place the saw blade on a flat surface. mark the edge of the blade with a pencil. place the pipe on the blade. hold the pipe firmly in place. cut through the saw with a clean, sharp blade.
understand the purpose of fuses. identify the type of fuse you are dealing with. use a multimeter to test the fuse. turn the multimeter on. touch the positive and negative leads to the ends of the fuse with your index finger. turn off the power to the fuse and remove it. set the meter to measure resistance or flow of current. hold the meter up to the wires and look at the reading. check to see if the fuse is still working.
buy some flowers. bring in some flowers from the garden. make a floral arrangement. give out a bouquet of flowers.
open the start menu. click on the "control panel" icon. , click on "programs and features.", click "update.", click the "advanced updates" option. check the "show recommended updates" box. click "ok."
decorate your lawn. spook up your front porch. decorate your front door and windows.
choose the right flowers for drying. wait for the flowers to open. harvest the flowers on a sunny morning. cut the stems of the flowers. place the flowers in a bucket or basket while harvesting.
choose the right eyeshadow and mascara. avoid metallic eyeshadows. consider your undertone. apply your base color to your lid. brush on your highlighter. blend your shadow. blend the two colors together. highlight the inner corner of your eye. blend in your highlight color. apply eyeliner. define your lashline. apply mascara to your upper and lower lashes. fill in your brows. apply the rest of your makeup. apply lip gloss. apply lipstick. apply blush to your lips. finish off with lip gloss and lip balm. finished.
understand why tree roots are a problem. know where to place the tree. know how big the tree's roots will grow. avoid trees that grow too large. if you have a large enough tree, keep it away from pipes, sewers, drains, and pipes that are prone to cracking.
open gavitex. click the file menu button (☰) and select “storage”. select the files you want to copy. right-click on any of the selected files. open the “copy” menu. select a folder. click “create copy” button again.
think about how your parents may react. pick the right time and place. practice what to say. think about what you want to get out of the conversation. let your parents know you have something to tell them. be honest. keep your emotions in check. listen to your parents' response. avoid arguing. apologize if necessary. give your parents time to process the news. give them time to get over it. find a solution for the future. apologize.
consider the consequences of cheating. create a fake email address. clear your web browser history. use the “private browsing” setting on your browser. lock your phone. log out of your phone when you’re not using it. don’t use your partner’s phone to communicate with them. keep your phone secure. keep the evidence of your affair to yourself. end the relationship if you need to.
locate large flocks of turkeys in the fall. follow the flock. aim your gun at the turkey’s neck and head, not its neck and neck area, if possible.
decorate your own eggs. use eggs in a nest. use chicks. use bunnies. use flowers. use napkins. use tea lights. make an easter tree. make a centerpiece. use a cake display stand. place easter grass on a cake stand. use m&m jars. use candies. finished.
shape the hanger into a butterfly wing shape. tuck one end of the stocking into the center of the wing. snip off the excess stocking from the hook in the center. shape the wings. attach the wings to the hangers. paint the stockings, if desired, to make them look like butterfly wings. make the wings stand out. wrap the wings in tape. add embellishments to the wings, if wished. tie a knot in the ends of the elastic to keep the wings from unraveling. wear the butterfly hangers with the butterfly wings on.
look for a sticker on the back of your xbox 360. remove the sticker. look at the barcode. write down the serial number. , insert the serial into your computer.
earn a master’s degree in accounting. get the certified management accountant (cma) certification. choose other accounting certifications.
set up your iron. adjust your iron’s settings. fold the waist of the pants. press the pockets. press your pants. fold your pants in half lengthwise. find your creases. fold each leg in half. press each crease. fold and press the waistband. fold in the fly. iron the pockets and fly. repeat as needed.
open google chrome on your computer. connect your chromecast to your television. open a website in chrome. click the settings menu (☰) and select “settings.” you’ll find this in the menu bar at the top of the screen. , click the “cast” option. click “send to desktop”. , select the device you want to cast to. select your tv from the list of supported devices. select the chromecast from the drop-down menu. , wait for the site to appear on your tv. stop using chrome on the tv.
form probing questions about the things that interest you. determine what criteria are sufficient to accept or reject an answer. explore all possibilities. embrace failure and learn from it, too.
clean the candlesticks. catch any loose glitter. paint a small section of glue or mod podge at the base of the first candlestick. check to see if you're happy with the amount of glitter applied. apply a second layer of glue/mod podge. add the glitter. repeat the previous two steps. finish up around the top of the candle holder. allow to dry completely.
decide on a theme. choose a color scheme. hang up helpful posters. use student-produced artwork and photographs. use the internet to find inspiration for your classroom decorations.
preheat the oven to 350 degrees fahrenheit (180 degrees celsius). make the sauce. make the corn starch mixture. cook the chicken. add the sauce and scallions. steam the broccoli.
make the bed. fill the water tank with water. make the filler tube. add a filter. fill in the filter. create the shade cloth. add the mulch. add composting worms. provide food for the earthworms. add vegetables. add fruit and vegetables to the worm farm. add herbs and vegetables for the worms to eat. grow a vegetable garden. grow fruit and vegetable seedlings. grow vegetables and fruit plants. grow flowers and herbs. grow herbs and flowers. grow plants and vegetables from seed. grow fruits and vegetables that can be eaten by the worms. grow some vegetables that the worms will eat. make a composting bed. add more vegetables and fruits. grow more worms. finished.
ask your partner to stand up for you. come up with a plan together. listen to your partner. present as a united front to your in-laws.
add vinegar to your soap and water. rub your shoes with vinegar. use baking soda. place dryer sheets in your shoes.
visit your new home. transfer your title deeds. notify utilities. get insurance on the property. exchange contracts on completion day. schedule completion for several weeks after completion. complete the conveyance of money on completion.
wake up at the same time every morning. eat a good breakfast. make sure you are well-prepared for school. pack a bag for school the night before. do your homework when you get home from school. do all of your homework at the end of the day. organize your tasks. take breaks when you need to. avoid distractions that will take your attention away from what you are doing.
find a credit counseling agency. gather your financial information. work with the credit counselor to create a budget. enroll in a debt management plan. sign a written agreement. make your payments on time under the plan.
write down the formula for ºf. find the temperature in kelvin. subtract 273 from the temperature. multiply the answer by 1.8. add 32 to get your final answer. finished.
fill the pencil case with hot water and soap. scrub the case with a brush or sponge. soak the case in vinegar. rinse the case. dry with a soft cloth or paper towel.
open the settings app on your ipod. select "wi-fi" from the settings menu. tap the "network searching" option. , turn off network searching. switch to using data instead of wifi. tap "done."
open the minecraft menu and select the “hydrated land” option. select the blue-colored land block. craft a hoe. hoe the land. tap on the block of land. plant wheat seeds. plant the seeds. wait for the wheat to grow. add bone meal fertilizer to your wheat crops to speed up the growth rate. harvest the wheat crops. pick up the wheat after it’s fully grown.
decide whether you want to shower in the morning. dress for the weather. iron your clothes the night before. if you have an ironing iron, put it in the dryer. set up a coffee machine in your kitchen. pack your lunch in advance. pack a small container of leftovers for lunch. have your bag ready for the next day's activities. keep your coat, umbrella, hat, and other accessories in a designated location before you leave.
determine what you need to dial. dial the international access code of the country you wish to call. dial 1, the country code for the country that you are calling. dial your country’s area code, which is the local area code for your area. call the local number you are using to place your long distance call.
take a taxi or shuttle from the airport. find a place to stay. walk around the city. take a tuk tuk. take time to explore. buy local fruits and vegetables. try some coffee. go to lake atitlan. stay at the hotel at the posada de san tiago. go on a boat tour around the lake. buy a painting. if you want to go to santo domingo, you can do it by car. book a trip or tour with a travel agency.
understand the limitations of windows partitioning. move any important data to your computer's hard drive. download and install bootice. extract the bootice file. double-click the .zip file to extract the file. open the .bootice.exe file. select your usb drive. click the "partition" button in the upper-right corner. select "removable disk repartition.", select the number of partitions you want to create. check the "label" boxes for the different partitions. choose the table type. click "create partition" to create the partitions. wait for the format process to complete. use the first partition. change which partition is visible when you boot from the drive.
open your iphone’s settings. open the about device menu. find the wi-fi mac address. locate the bluetooth address.
understand that reliable is the ability to be accurate, accurate, dependable, reliable, reliable and dependable. be able to perform the tasks required of you. be reliable in the areas in which you are needed to be reliable. be knowledgeable in your area of expertise. be prepared for the possibility of errors, errors, failures and failures. be honest, trustworthy, honest, truthful, trustworthy and trustworthy. be qualified in the area of your expertise. use the tools and tools of the trade to your advantage. ensure that all members of your team are competent in their areas of expertise, as well as in their own areas of competence. keep your team skills at a high level of competency, as they are essential to the success of the group. be a good leader and a good role model for others to follow, and to do well themselves.
purchase some straw bales. prepare the bales for planting. dig holes in each bale. fill each hole with soil. , plant the grass seedlings in the holes. , cover the soil with a layer of mulch. , water the plants regularly. , keep the soil around the plants moist. , fertilize the plants every 2 to 3 weeks. , prune the plants once a month. , weed the area around the bale regularly.
take your tofu out of the water. wash your tofu. rinse your watercress. cut your water cress into 1/2 inch (1.27 cm) thick slices. , put your pan on the stove over medium-high heat. , add the oil to the pan. add your tofu to the frying pan. remove the tofu from the pan and let it sit for a few minutes. put your tofu back into the pan with the watercressing. put in your dry chilies and soil sauce. add the soy sauce, salt, pepper, and soy sauce to the tofu. finished.
eat a lot of food. watch tv. play video games. watch youtube videos. read a book. draw. paint your nails. take a bath or shower. if you have time, go to your favorite restaurant and get a milkshake, ice cream, or a pizza bar.
understand coordinating conjunctions. use a comma when a fanboys conjunction connects two independent clauses. know when a conjunction does not require a comma.
learn how to strike. learn how to grapple. watch instructional videos on how to protect yourself from a strong man if you can.
hire a certified public accountant (cpa). take advantage of other sources of income. apply for tax credits. plan your ira rollovers. contribute to retirement plans. update your withholding. take the standard or itemized deduction. sell investment losses. deduct gifts to charities and 501(c)(3).
open microsoft word. open your word processing program. open the "signatures" menu. create a new signature. save your signature. display your signature automatically. choose which signature to insert automatically.
find an old ladder. gather your supplies. sand and paint the ladder and platforms. nail the plywood into place. add a hammock, if desired. wrap the bottom of the ladder legs in rope. hang a toy from the top of the tree. decorate the tree as you see fit. make the tree comfortable for your cat.
go to einbroch. talk to guildsman altiregen. meet geshupenschte. pass the first part of the test. collect the items. deliver the items to gesh.
open internet explorer. go to the downloads tab. click on the "downloads" tab. select the files you want to delete. delete the downloaded files.
look at yourself in the mirror. ask yourself why you think that it is okay to be rude to others. look at how you speak. look around you and see how you act around others. realize that not everyone is going to like what you think. lower your voice. stop swearing and using derogatory terms. use your words and actions to help others. stop talking about yourself. change your habits. stand up for someone who is being rude. surround yourself with good influences. congratulate yourself on your efforts. don't be afraid to ask for help. learn from your mistakes. do something nice for someone else. be kind to yourself. be nice to everyone. do not be a jerk. be a good listener. be patient with yourself.
purchase all the items listed under the things you'll need section. read the instructions on the parts. cut the black and red wires to length. re-strip the wires. connect the wires to the battery section of the circuit board. make a hole in the lid of the mason jar. twist the wires together clockwise as if you were tightening. twist clockwise to tighten the wire ends together. connect these wires to their correct destination on the circuitboard. insert the solar panel into the bottom of the lid. attach the panel to the top of the jar. check to make sure your led lights are on. glue the battery holder to the bottom side of the lantern. put the lid on the lantern and secure it in place. add decorations to your solar lantern. finished.
research the destinations you plan to visit. research the laws and regulations in the country or country in which you intend to travel. ask friends, relatives, colleagues and colleagues about their experiences in the places you are planning to visit, and ask them what they did there when they were there last.
volunteer to pick up trash. volunteer to plant trees. work in the natural sciences during spring break vacation.
reduce expenses. ask for a reassessment of your property value. update your property’s appearance and technology.
measure and cut two 58-inch (147.32-centimeter) pieces of fabric. fold both of the long edges and one of the narrow edges down by ¼ inch (0.64 centimeter). fold the top, raw edge down twice by ½ inch (1.27 centimeters) and press it flat with an iron. fold and press the side edges down again by 2 inches (5.08 centimeters). sew the fabric pieces together using a zigzag stitch. push out the seams. attach the cording. tie the ends of the cords together. thread the cords through the gap, and sew them in place. turn the bag right-side out. close the bag with a safety pin.
open the github website. navigate to https://www.github.com in a web browser. click the "repos repository" button. click "create a new repository". click "add repository". select an account. enter a name and description for the repository. select whether you want to be a public or private repository. review the start-up options. click save.
back up your device before installing ios 7. make sure that you are up-to-date with the latest version of itunes. connect your device to your computer using a usb cable. open itunes on your computer. click on your device icon. click the update button. click download only or download and update. wait for the update to install. disconnect your device from your computer and from itunes once the update has finished installing. troubleshoot any issues with the ios update. restart your device and/or your computer, if necessary. configure settings.
learn to relax. learn to read and understand the company's products and services. learn how to use the internet to your advantage. , learn to write down what you learn. learn from your mistakes and learn from them. , take responsibility for your own success in learning. understand that learning is a process, not a chore, and that you are responsible for your success or failure in the learning process.
back up any data you want to save. open the settings app. reset your android from the settings menu. erase your android using the android device manager. reset using recovery mode. enter the password for your google account if prompted.
contact your technical training program. attend e-commerce conferences. write a resume that showcases your experience. use action verbs to highlight your accomplishments. look for job postings on job posting websites.
write in a journal. write a short story. write poetry. practice writing in poetry every day.
include a vitamin c-rich food at every meal and snack. consume vitamin e-rich foods. increase your vitamin a intake. consume more lutein and zeaxanthin. drink green or black tea. eat a balanced diet. include healthy fats in your diet. drink plenty of water. maintain a healthy weight. get enough vitamin d. vitamin d is an important nutrient for the health of your eyes. eat foods high in vitamin e. vitamin e is also important for your immune system. finished.
open the snapchat app. tap the ghost icon. tap password reset. enter your current password. tap next. tap continue. tap i'm not a robot.type in your email address.tap continue. type in your password again. tap submit.tap submit. open your email. open the email from snapchat. tap verify email. tap reset password. type your new password into the two fields. tap done.
test your grip strength at home. weigh yourself on a bathroom scale. squeeze your hands around the pull-up bar or hanging board. record your current weight on the scale. calculate your current grip strength.
contact your employer. call the irs if you haven’t received your w-2. continue with filing your tax return even if you don't receive.
understand what causes blushing. figure out what makes you blush. don't blame yourself for blushing, if you do. remember that most people don't think that blushing is a big deal. consider the benefits of being a blusher. try working out. try meditation or gentle exercise to relax your mind and body before the blushing sets in. finished.
buy a sheet of origami paper. fold the paper in half diagonally. fold in the lower left corner. turn the page over. fold it in half in half again. make a fold at a 45° angle. make the reverse fold. fold one corner over and fold it back on itself. flip the paper over and make a reverse fold on the other side. turn over the paper and fold the other corner over. make another reverse fold along the outside of the outside crease. make an outside fold. make two more reverse folds along the inside of the crease you just made.
pull your hair up into a high ponytail. wrap a thin section of hair around the base of the ponytail to hide the elastic. grab a small section from the top-left corner of your hair. divide the section into three thinner sections. add some hair to the right strand. cross the right section over the middle section. continue braiding the rest of the way down. secure the braid with a clear hair tie. consider adding a bobby pin to the top of your braid, if desired.
record a demo of the game. take a pbss (player statistics system) of all the players on your server. review your ppss. watch videos of people using hacks. if you suspect a player is using a hack, write down the last eight characters of the player's guid. if the player is banned, check the mpi (player id) and mbi (gamembi) for the exact ip match and alias. ban the player.
draw your design on a piece of paper. heat up your hot glue gun. create your design. allow the glue gun design to dry. prepare the area where you will be working. spray your glue gun with spray paint. paint over the glue with acrylic paint. finished.
measure around your hips. measure around your waist. measure between your waist and your ankles. choose the right fabric. gather the right elastic and fabric. buy enough fabric and elastic. wash the fabric and the elastic. fold the fabric in half. mark the top and bottom of your skirt. draw lines from the top of the fabric to the bottom of the skirt. cut the fabric out. sew along the lines. sew the sides of the sides together. pin the sides to the fabric. cut out the skirt pieces. pin and sew the pieces together. turn the skirt right-side out. hem the sides. sew around the waistband. turn your skirt right side out. stitch the skirt together. sew a seam allowance on the skirt, if necessary. cut off excess fabric, if needed. sew up the sides, if desired. sew on the bottom hem. sew in the hem allowance, if applicable. try the skirt on. try it on. wear your maxi skirt.
appreciate your friend's achievements. listen to your friend. remember important events. be loyal. treat your friend with respect. read a book together. be there for your friend when he or she needs a shoulder to cry on. share your thoughts and feelings. be a good listener. avoid gossiping or gossiping about your friend to others. be honest with your friend about your feelings. do not criticize your friend in front of other people. forgive.
schedule annual visits with your doctor. take antiplatelet agents to prevent blood clots. take cholesterol medications to lower cholesterol. take thiazide diuretics to lower blood pressure. take angiotensin-converting enzyme (ace) inhibitors. try other blockers.
separate the egg yolks from the whites. whisk the egg whites into a bowl. whisk in the olive oil. apply the mask to your hair and let it sit for 5 to 10 minutes. rinse the mask off with cool water and pat your hair dry. shampoo your hair with cool or lukewarm water. rinse your hair thoroughly with warm water. let your hair air dry or use a hair dyer.
ask yourself why you are afraid of horses. understand your fear. read a book about horses. spend time around horses. go to a local barn or equestrian center and spend time with other people who have experience with horses. ask the instructor if you can ride a horse or pony. ask to ride with a friend or family member. ride the horse. if you have never ridden a horse before, you will need to learn how to interact with a horse. ride with the horse on your own. go back to the stables and ask the owner to take you for a ride.
be honest. deflect the questions. use the word "because.", accept the situation for what it is. try to understand why your parents are nosy.
buy a dedicated computer or tablet. enable full disk encryption on the dedicated computer. go to a public wi-fi network. set up encryption on your computer. get a new email account. add two-factor authentication to your new account. close down all websites and apps associated with your email. shut down your computer and disconnect from the internet. send the email to the journalist. wait for the journalist to contact you. provide the journalist with the information you want to leak. give the journalist a way to retrieve the information. keep the information to yourself. contact the police if the information is found to be suspicious. consider making a "recovery" email. consider hiring an attorney.
use google images. set up a custom google alert. title your images. use copyscape.com.copyscape is a website that allows you to search for websites that have similar images to your own content.
place the cue ball far enough away from the cushion. keep the cue in line with the rack. aim for the center of the ball. keep your elbow level. follow through by moving the cue forward. aim carefully. practice.
make lists about yourself. take care of yourself. do something you love. take up a new hobby. surround yourself with positive people. practice gratitude and gratitude.
reframe the task as something you’ll gain by completing it. use intrinsic motivation to motivate yourself. repeat a mantra to yourself to stay positive. ask yourself if you could be doing something else. remind yourself that you are blessed to have the chance to do it.
first of all, you need to decide what you want to do with your hair. get a haircut. get some jeans. find a good place to shop for clothes. choose your bottoms. add personal touches to your clothes. don't go out and spend a lot of money on new clothes. if you don't like the way you look, don't be afraid to change it up!, if you're not sure what to wear, try wearing something a little different and see what looks best on you. , don't try to be too "indie" or too "gothic". , be yourself. , be confident. , have fun and don't worry about what other people think. , remember that indie is all about being yourself and not about being a poser. finished.
open the command prompt. open the "run" menu. type "remoteaccess -r" into "run". type "shutdown" into the "remote access" box. add a comment to the remote access dialog box (optional).
add the chia seeds to the container. let the mixture sit in the refrigerator until it thickens. add the sweetener. refrigerate the pudding. add in the powders and flavors. remove the pudding from the fridge. check the texture of the pudding to see if it is firm. peel the banana. peel and peel the ginger. add all of the ingredients to the basic pudding. cut the ginger into small pieces. add a pinch of salt to the pulp. add extra sweetener, if desired. cover the container and refrigerate. add 1/2 cup of coconut flakes to the mixture. cut up the bananas and pineapple. pour the pudding into a bowl. add raisins and cashews to the banana and pineapple slices. add milk to the cashew and raisin pieces. pour a little bit of milk into the bowl. place the pudding in the fridge for at least an hour. serve the pudding while it is still warm. drizzle some condensed milk on top. finished.
choose the Eater of worlds. beat the brain. get the corrupted key. get to the temple.
choose a building medium. buy craft foam. get woodworking tools. consider your space and budget. choose a model castle design. draw your castle on paper. scale your drawing. sketch your castle. create a template for each section. cut out your sections. create paper templates of repetitive forms. cut your sections out. measure and cut your windows. attach your windows and turrets. build the castle’s base. add a drawbridge. build a door. build your castle's roof. finish the castle.
use citrus peels as a fixative for potpourri. grind the peel into a fine powder. use the peels in a variety of ways.
be confident. be funny. be nice to her. try to flirt with her. ask her if she likes you. don't talk badly of her. flirt!, ask her out. take her to a romantic place. if she says no, that's a good sign that she doesn't want to kiss you. tease her a little. notice how she reacts to you. compliment her. pay attention to how she acts around you. make sure she's interested in you.
grind the walnuts and almonds. mix in the cocoa powder and salt. process the dates. add the dates to the nut mixture and set aside. mix the dates into the nut and cocoa mixture. line a baking dish. combine the nibs and walnuts. press the brownie mixture into the pan. squeeze the brownies into a square. refrigerate the browny mixture. microwave the almond milk. melt the chocolate in the milk. stir in the salt and coconut oil. whisk in the powdered sugar. spread the frosting over the frosted brownies. garnish the chocolate brownies with chopped walnuts, if desired. sprinkle the chocolate chips on top of the frostings. bake the chocolate chip brownies for 10 to 15 minutes. allow the chocolate to cool before serving. finished. , finished.
be polite. be courteous. be patient. ask questions. be clear about what you want. be willing to adjust your order if you need to. do not complain if you have a problem. thank the staff member for their time and say "good-bye". roll up your window as soon as you get to the drive-thru window, if you are in a vehicle. place your order as quickly as possible, especially if there are several cars in front of you. pay for your order at the window.
remove the sim. remove the back cover. pull off the antenna. unscrew the screws on the back of the iphone. disconnect the cables from the motherboard and battery. pull the screen from the frame and remove the display module.
open the skype application. sign in to your skype account. click the gear icon. click “skype credit”. select a credit option. enter your credit card information. select “call phone” from the menu. type the phone number you want to call into the “enter phone number” field. press the call button to make the call.
look for coughing and difficulty breathing. watch for signs of pneumonia or pneumothorax. pay attention to your cat's energy level.
park the car on a level, level surface. jack up the car using the jack stands. remove the oil plug from the oil pan. use a socket wrench to remove the washer that came with the oil filter. replace the oil washer with a new one that is the same size as the one on the filter. check the o-ring that holds the filter in place to make sure it is the right size. check that the new filter has the same torque as the old one. add a small amount of new, clean oil to the dipstick. put the oil cap back on and turn on the car. check to see if the oil level is correct.
prepare your toothbrush. pluck your brows. wax your eyebrows. get your eyebrows professionally waxed. get a professional esthetician to do your eyebrows for you. apply conditioner.
delete one-click links and icons. type each letter in the web address. delete your youtube account. deactivate your account. block youtube in your browser.
be cool. be ready to perform. get the equipment. decide what kind of music you're going to do. don't give up!, get involved in as many different kinds of events as you can. try to get a talent scout to listen to your music and see if he or she thinks you have what it takes to be a star. , have fun with it. if you're not a star, but still want to be one, you can always try to be more popular. finished.
remove the cartridge from the printer. store the cartridge in a cool, dry place for up to two weeks. , remove the cartridge after two months.
choose a shirt in a color that complements your suit. add a turtleneck to your suit for a conservative but stylish look. finished.
talk to her about how much exercise she needs to put into her exercise routine. ask her if she wants to increase or decrease the amount of exercise she is currently doing, or if she'd like to increase the intensity of her workout routine.
add the grape kool-aid to an ice cube tray. place the gummy worms in the ice cube trays. add the ice cubes to a freezer-safe container. prepare the drink. pour the drink into glasses. add a few ice cubes into each glass. pour in the apple cider. fill each glass with the rotten apple cider punch. hang the worms over the edge of a dish. place in the freezer. remove the worms from the dish. fill the glasses with ice cubes. serve.
listen to people talk. read good dialogue. get to know your characters. avoid stilted dialogue. use "he said" and "she answered" instead of words like "said" or "answered.", use dialogue to build up tension. make sure that the dialogue flows. don't overdo it. avoid cliches. make your characters' actions and reactions clear. make the dialogue actionable. make it interesting. make each character's actions matter in the story.
take baby steps. maintain your friendships. don't let the crazy lovelorn-ness take over. take a moment to calm down. know yourself and what you're feeling.
choose a counselor who has experience. schedule an initial session with your prospective counselor. discuss your comfort level with your partner. be prepared to work together to resolve difficult issues.
determine the size of the room you want to create. find a location for the room. hire a contractor to construct the room if you do not have enough space in your home. have the room inspected to make sure that it is safe to enter and exit. decorate the room to make it look like a bedroom. add finishing touches to your room once you have completed the construction of it.
go to http://www.ubuntu.com/downloads. wait for the ubuntu installer to load. click on the “install ubuntu” button. choose a language. set your desired options. choose an installation type. click “continue” to install.
know your sheriff. don't take your knife out. protect the gun. kill the innocents one on one. wait until the time runs out. listen for the scanners. never give up!, change your appearance. change your radio and pet.
understand the difference between concert a and concert a. place your right hand on the 3rd finger of the a string on the cello. hold the tuner in your left hand, and place the bowing finger on it.
determine what an alkyne is. identify the parent chain. find the triple bond. write down the number of triple bonds. list the substituents alphabetically.
clean the hinge with soap and water. remove the hinge pin with petroleum jelly and a paper towel. use wax and a nail to remove the squeaky hinge pin.
realize that you have made the decision to end the friendship. write down your feelings about the end of your friendship. acknowledge that your problems are not surmountable. recognize that the friendship ended for a reason. realize that it can be difficult to let go of the reminder of your old friend. take a deep breath. allow yourself to be angry. grieve the loss of your friend. reflect on your friendship for a while. consider the reasons why your friendship ended. consider why you ended the friendship in the first place. give yourself time to grieve. focus on your new friends. move forward with your life. be proud of the new you now.
grab a glass bottle. fill the bottle with water. clear the area around the bottle. wear protective clothing. grab a bucket. hold the bottle in your dominant hand. bring the bottle down sharply. strike the bottle’s top.
scrape up the nail polish with a putty knife. use glass cleaner. use non-acetone clear polish remover. use rubbing alcohol. use vinegar to remove nail polish from carpet. spray the affected area with vinegar and water.
identify why you think your mail was stolen. write down information about the theft. write a description of the thief. keep detailed notes. call the postal service. file a complaint online. provide additional information. prevent future theft.
find the little things in nature. get down on the ground. find a variety of perspectives. look for contrast. find the best time of day to take a picture. use the right perspective. focus on color. take your time. choose the right lens. adjust the aperture. use a tripod. slow down the shutter. don't use a flash. take a lot of pictures at once. experiment with filters.
teach employees how to take care of themselves and their bodies. teach employees to be safe at work. encourage healthy desk work habits. have someone who is familiar with equipment check equipment regularly.
reprice your items higher than your competitors. have a high seller rating. have outstanding customer service. use fulfillment by amazon. deliver the item as quickly as possible. move up or down a bracket.
determine the size of wedding you want. figure out your budget. decide where you want to have the wedding. divide the guest list evenly. decide whether to invite children. decide who can bring a guest. create four different groups of people to invite. set boundaries with your parents and your partner’s parents. create a first and back-up list. send out the first list of invitations. send the second list of guests. send a final round-up invitation. send an invitation to your immediate family members. invite close friends and family. invite mutual friends. invite your significant other friends.
put on your safety equipment. disconnect the battery from the engine. remove the clamps and cables from the battery terminals. pour a scoop of baking soda into a small bowl. pour the baking soda mixture onto the terminals of the battery. use a wire brush or reamers to clean the connections. rinse the mixture off with warm water. connect the new battery to the engine using the new cables and clamps. put the battery back on the engine and connect the terminals to the battery compartment. replace the cables.
open your iphone's settings. scroll down and tap general. tap contacts. tap facebook. , tap all contacts. done.
take a break from dating. stop making self-deprecating jokes about yourself. make a list of things you want to do.
exercise 4-5 times per week. build muscle strength. strengthen your legs. schedule rest days. get plenty of sleep. eat a healthy diet. drink plenty of water before exercising.
don’t publish your first work. get your first story sent to an editor. hire an agent. hire a publishing house or agent. promote your story. wait for the results of your work.
turn on your computer. insert the usb device into the computer. take a picture by clicking on the "take a picture" button at the bottom of the screen. take the picture by selecting the "file" menu and clicking on "file". open paint. click on the “file” menu and select “edit”. , click on “save” button. finished.
decide on the type of civilization you want to have. think about the composition of your civilization's land. write down a map of the land. list all the resources your civilization has. make a civilization sheet. make an action sheet. know how many actions your civilization can take. know what actions can be used. learn how to harvest. learn what aspect is built. learn which aspect is repaired/healed. learn when an aspect is learned. know when a civilization can boost its capability. know the events that can happen to your civilization. roll on the following events: war event. learn the following statistics for your civilization: war events: 2 war events. learn these statistics for the barbarians and barbarians. know that you can also use these statistics to determine how much money you have and how much you need to spend.
track who accesses a patient’s record. create levels of access. create an “override” function. keep your data secure. get patients to sign forms. use a billing system. maintain backups of your data. draft a business associate agreement. purchase data back up software. get a quote for the software. set up a system to manage users. create a policy for each user. create policies for each employee. create procedures for training employees. train employees to use the system. implement policies and procedures to protect patient data.
determine your size. read the instructions. open your ear and pull up on the top of your ear. insert the reusable ear plug.
go to https://www.uber.com in a web browser. , sign in to your uber account. click my trips. click on the trip you want to report. , select a reason for the cancellation. click submit a claim.
disconnect your xbox one s from the console. find a paper clip. locate the eject hole on the xboxone s. insert the paper clip into the hole. press down on the eject button with your thumb and index finger. pull the disc out with your fingers. finished.
format your resume properly. create a heading. format your resume in pdf or microsoft word format. list relevant activities on your resume. include projects and papers you have done. include a portfolio. include data about your work experience. correct spelling and grammar errors. keep your verbs consistent. rephrase your resume to make it easier to read and understand.
determine what type of recessed light you need. choose the right type of housing for your needs. select the right trim/trim combination for your lighting needs. determine the right size and type of lighting fixture for your application. choose a type of cover for your recessed lighting. choose your lighting fixture type. select your type of box. choose an appropriate box size. purchase your housing. finished.
make a plan. make a list. plan out your day. research what you will need to do each day.
do hill training. do squats, lunges, and squats. add weight training to your workout routine. add an extra workout to your regular routine. visualize success. run longer runs. do interval training. run outdoors. do one long run per week. talk to your doctor before you start running. warm up before you run. stay hydrated. eat a healthy diet. drink plenty of water. get plenty of sleep.
clean your kitten with a wet cloth. massage your kitten after eating. wet a clean, moist cloth. wash your kitten's body. start with the face and work your way down. clean the back of the kitten's head. dry your kitten.
open the app store. search for the swype app. download swype. open settings. go to keyboard. select “add new keyboard.” this is the third option from the bottom of the settings menu. select swype from the list of third-party keyboards. add swype to your default keyboard. allow full access. activate swype on your device. open the keyboard. open an app that requires you to type. tap on the text field. tap the keyboard icon. type the word you want to write. swipe the letters to form the word. wait for the word to appear. correct what’s written. repeat.
use cornstarch to get rid of oil stains on suede. cover the stain with cornstarchy. shake the purse over a trashcan to remove the cornmeal. brush the area with a suede brush to remove any remaining cornmeal and oil stains. enjoy your newly clean purse.
ggather your supplies. sift the henna powder into a mixing bowl. heat the coffee clover mixture to a boil. remove any particulate sediment from the mixture. combine the ground coffee and henna mixture. heat your mixture. add the lemon juice to the powder. consider adding lemon juice instead of coffee. add essential oils to your henna paste. add color with essential oils. wait until the dye has fully released. secure a plastic bag over the bowl. prepare your skin. use a henna funnel. fill the funnel with paste. allow the paste to sit in the funnel for a few minutes. trace your design onto your skin with a paper towel. apply the paste with your fingers. let it dry. wash your hands before using the paste. apply henna to your face and neck. use the paste as needed. store the paste in a cool, dry place. clean your skin after each use. store henna in an airtight container.
go for a natural, summery look. start with your makeup. do your hair. dress for the summer. wear summery clothes. wear the right shoes. accessorize. wear sunglasses. , accessorise. if you want to, you can add a bit of colour to your hair, but don't go overboard with it. finished.
go to steam > settings > interface. set your primary search language. set the secondary search language to none. go back to steam. check your preferences. click on the language preference button again. you're done!
go to http://www.audacity.com/download/ in your web browser. download and install audacity. go to https://forum10.org/downloads/audio-input-recorders. click on the microphone icon. start recording. stop recording. play your game. press the button to start fraps. wait for the numbers to change. adjust the settings if needed. export the wav file.
wash the strawberries only when you’re ready to use them. choose ripe strawberries. wash the strawberries in a colander with warm water. rinse the strawberries under clean running water. dry the strawberries immediately after washing.
suck on a spoonful of milk. drink a shot of hard liquor. suck on sugar. eat some chocolate. eat a piece of bread.
get some pogs and a slammer. find some friends to play with. decide whether you want to play for "keeps" or "no-keeps". find a place to play. make a big pile of pogs. arrange the pogs into a big stack. flip the slammer over and start the game. learn how to hold your slammer properly. keep your pogs in the center of the circle. try to get the most pogs out of the stack. keep playing until you get all of the pog you want in your stack.
be patient with your child. listen to the child. talk to your child about current events. encourage the child to be creative. encourage them to explore careers and professions. make a list of pros and cons for each career. fulfill their financial needs. let them experiment with their friends. talk about smoking and drinking. teach them how to eat and drink properly. don’t over-exercise your children. be a good role model for them. encourage your children to be self-reliant and self-assured.
remove the removable rack from the microwave sterilizer. fill the sterilizer with water. place the sterilizing rack back into place. insert the bottle nipples, caps, and bottles into the sterilized unit. lock the unit in place. microwave the unit on high for the amount of time specified by the manufacturer's instructions. remove the bottles and allow the unit to cool for at least three minutes before handling or opening it. finished.
download the bitmoji app. install bitmooji. open bitmoiji. create an account. create your character. save your character’s outfit. add bitmojis to your facebook keyboard. add a bitoji to a facebook post.
understand the benefits of generosity. be grateful for what you have. be generous to the people in your life. volunteer for causes that resonate with your values. help a person in your community. volunteer at a soup kitchen or homeless shelter. stop being mean to yourself. accept your failures and negative feelings. exercise and take care of your body. remind yourself that you are a good person. listen to others. practice discipline. break away from distractions. take a break. do something nice for someone else. be kind to your family and friends. be a good listener. do good in the world. do a good deed. do what you love. do your best at everything you do. make a list of all the things you like about yourself. do things that you enjoy. make time for fun. take time for yourself. relax.
launch google maps. set your destination. set a starting location. select a transportation method. tap on the “plan your route” button. get directions.
click the apple menu and select "system preferences.", select "general.", click the "input" tab. select the "show input viewers" option. click the box next to "show viewers in menu bar.", select the symbol viewer you want to use. click "show symbols.", click "emoji" to view emoji options. insert a heart symbol.
find a human rights group in your area. contact the group’s leaders. attend a meeting, if applicable. take on an active role with the group or organization you would like to join. finished.
learn the basics of crochet. use the standard stitches. make a hammock. make amigurumi. learn to single crochet, double crochet, and triple crochet. crochet into a box. make shells. keep a crochet journal. save up your yarn. practice scrumbling. experiment with gauge and gauge. use different sizes of yarn. try using different colors and textures. make your own patterns. learn how to make a scarf. crochet a hat. make an african hat. crochet an afghan hat. create a ponchoose hat. try crocheting a hat for your child. crochet for a job. crochet to make jewelry. crochet as a hobby.
talk to your doctor. discuss electrical cardioversion. ask about catheter ablation. discuss the option of a pacemaker. ask your doctor about an irc (intracorpulmonary rhythm controller). discuss the possibility of heart maze surgery.
make roasted red bell peppers hummus. try roasted garlic and parmesan cheese. add avocado. make spicy jalapenos. roast carrots with cumin. make a spinach and feta hum.
visit your doctor. take simple painkillers. ask your doctor about birth control pills. take antibiotics. consider taking antidepressants. talk to a mental health professional. try transcutaneous electrical nerve stimulation (tens). talk to your doctor or physical therapist about trigger points. consider surgical interventions. eat a diet rich in omega-3 fatty acids. eat foods rich in vitamin a. vitamin a is an important nutrient that can help to reduce the pain caused by chronic pelvic pain. get plenty of vitamin c. vitamin c is a powerful antioxidant that can reduce the production of prostaglandins in the body, thereby reducing the pain sensation. get more vitamin d. vitamin d can also be helpful in reducing pain sensations. get enough vitamin e. vitamin e has been shown to reduce pain and inflammation in the pelvic area. get regular checkups and checkups at your doctor's office.
sanitize combs with vinegar or rubbing alcohol. disinfect brushes with vinegar and water. disinfect the head of a brush with vinegar. dry the brushes and combs. clean the handles.
tip the driver when you get to your destination. ask the driver if he/she has a service charge. , tip the driver. give the driver your change.
be knowledgeable about faith. choose your words carefully. go to flores de mayo. be a good role model. apply what you've learned to the children. be patient. have a bond with the kids. listen to the wants and wants of the child. play with the children, don't scold them. if the children want to play with you, let them, but don't force them to do so. , have fun.
take good care of your skin. take a shower every day. wash your face with a good facial cleanser. brush and floss your teeth twice a day. have good hygiene. wear clean clothes. keep your nails clean and neat. wear the right shoes. wear your hair long. have a good hairstyle. smell good. have some nice jewelry. keep accessories to a minimum. wear pearls and diamonds. wear makeup. learn how to do your eyeliner. do your nails. have fun. finished.
wash your car as you would any other car. use soap-based cleaners. consider using a pressure sprayer. use a no-scrub, rinse-off cleaner for wheels.
dress like a celebrity. have a signature celebrity accessory. wear designer clothes and accessories. decide what kind of celebrity you want to be. be confident and confident. be a social butterfly. pretend to be someone else in public. play the part of the paparazzi. keep your phone handy. keep up with the latest celebrity news. plan a "celebrity day" at home. make your own celebrity food and drink. make a video with a celebrity friend that you can share with your fans. send a message to the world through a social media platform.
be kind and blissful. be carefree. change your words to fit your personality. don't be too hard on yourself. remember that your parents are always there for you. listen to nightcore music. make sure that the songs you listen to are clean and have good lyrics.
place the infant on a firm surface. deliver five back blows. turn the infant over. place your fingers on the infant's breastbone. give chest thrusts. wait a few minutes.
obtain a plastic card. lay the edge down on a sheet of paper. mark a starting edge. place the card next to your starting edge line. move the card down the line. count the gaps in between each mark.
get some friends to play with you. get to level 28. go to the reef. go into the battle with the two randoms. complete the battle. go back to the vestian outpost. , go to your director and click on the treasure room. , click the door on the left. , look at the treasure in the room.
sign up for a google account. make sure you’ve owned your site at least six months. create a blog or website that allows you to edit html source code. set up a blogger account. sign up for an account on you tube. go to the google adsense website. fill out the application. provide your contact information. choose your ad types. choose how you want your ads to appear on your site. be at least 18 years old. create original content. make your website professional. create an original content page. use experts to review your content. submit your content to google. wait for a response from google. pay attention to the terms and conditions of the adsense program. receive your first payment.
store your sugar in an airtight container. use a terra cotta sugar saver. add marshmallows to your sugar container. add apples or bread to your brown sugar. wait for it to soften.
ask them why they refused to meet with you. give them space. offer your support. know when to walk away from a toxic relationship.
recognize the symptoms. flush your eyes. seek medical attention immediately. apply an ice pack. continue to receive treatment at the emergency room. follow-up with your doctor after you are discharged. follow up regularly.
clean the surface with warm water and dish detergent. apply baking soda to the stain. make a paste with baking soda and water. soak the stain with an ammonia solution. rinse off the ammonia solution with water. dry the surface. polish the nickel object with a non-abrasive polish.
obtain a birth certificate for your baby. fill out the birth certificate form. pick out a name. apply for a social security number (ssn) right away.
don’t drift away. express your support. offer to help. offer practical help. be positive. use humour. avoid making it seem like your friend has been through cancer before. be sensitive to your friend’s feelings.
copy the current file to another folder on your computer. move the files.
give your cat its medication every day. mix the medicine with food. give your cat the medicine without food. hold the tablet in your cat’s mouth. use a pill dispenser. reward your cat for a job well done.
look at the betta fish carefully before you buy it. choose your betta carefully. choose a tank that is the right size for your fish. learn about betta. set up your tank. get tank mates. get a heater. provide a heater and filter. provide food and water. provide hiding places for the fish. feed the fish well. clean the tank regularly. provide fresh water at least once a day. clean out the tank once a week. provide plenty of fresh water every day. feed your fish the right diet. give your fish enough time to adjust to its new environment. clean your fish's tank at least every week. take your fish to the vet for regular check-ups. take care of your fish as you would any other fish. have fun with your fish!
check the faucets. look in the most likely areas first. check the pipes for cracks or cracks. find the frozen pipe. open the frozen section. run a hair dryer along the pipe. heat the pipe with heat tape. use multiple heat sources. pour salt down the drain. wrap wet towels around the frozen area. place a cold air vent in the area. isolate the area around the pipe, if possible. turn off the main water supply to your house. call a plumber, if necessary.
brainstorm ideas. understand the difference between a scientific theory and a scientific law. research your subject. come up with a hypothesis. distinguish between a hypothesis and a theory. test your hypothesis or theory. collaborate with others in your field. perform a test. write your final draft. write a hypothesis statement. present your theory to a jury. defend your theory in a scientific journal. publish your research in peer journals.
find a can of pringles chips. find a piece of cardboard that is about the same size as your flash. cut it down to the size you want it to be. cut off the excess material from the back of the can. use a sharp pair of scissors to cut it to the correct size for your camera hardware. cut a hole in the side of the flash that you want to use. cut out the hole that you have just cut. cut the rest of the material out. fasten the material to the inside of your can. find some kind of scrunchy to hold it on. place your flash on the can and test it out. once you are satisfied with the fit, put it on your camera and see if it is working. enjoy your new flash. finished.
make a ring. work 15 double crochets into the center of the ring. chain and double crochet for the first round. double crochet and chain for the second round. repeat the first and second rounds with single and double crochetts. work the third round with double and single crochet. make the fourth round with single crochet and chains. decrease for the fifth round. complete the sixth round. finish the doily.
do barbell squats. do dumbbell lunges. use an exercise ball. do a swiss ball squeeze. use a leg machine at the gym. join a class or sports team to work out your legs while having fun. finished.
decide between a physical and digital media kit. read corporate media kits. write a company bio. write your company's mission statement. compile a customer support questionnaire (faq). keep a copy of any positive media coverage. include customer recommendations. include press releases from your company. collect data on your company website. include your brand's logo and slogans, if applicable. finished.
choose a dust mop or vacuum attachment for bare floors. use a dry mop for unglazed tile. clean glazed tile with a wet mop. use soap if glazed tiles are visibly dirty. rinse your flooring with plain water after cleaning. dry your floor with a towel.
understand the realities of the content writing industry. consider a technical writing certificate program. take a course on technical writing. consider getting a degree in content writing. look for internships. join the professional content writers’ association (pwa). look for a job at a local newspaper or magazine. apply for content writing positions at online publications. join a professional content writing association. look into freelance opportunities. consider working for an online content writing company or website publisher.
learn about commodities trading. learn about different types of commodities. read books on commodities trading and futures. understand the risks of commodity trading. read the news on commodities daily. read financial news on futures contracts. use technical analysis to determine which commodities to trade. identify patterns in the commodity’s price. apply a trading formula to the price of a commodity. place a bet on the commodity. buy or sell commodity futures. make a profit or loss.
select the weapon you want to use. press the inventory button on your controller to select your weapon. press and hold the ditman button. fire both guns at the same time. repeat the process with the other gun. enjoy playing with your new weapon.
open the xml file in any text editor. right-click on the file and select "open with". select "notepad" or "textedit". type .xml into notepad or textedit. browse the file.
become a teacher. get a degree in physical education. choose a sport or sports to coach. get certified to be a coach. become an assistant coach. volunteer to coach a team. work on your communication skills. decide what kind of coach you want to be. apply for a job as a teacher if you don't get a position as a coach right away.
talk to your medical doctor. consider therapy. find a therapist or psychologist. consider medication. consider seeing a psychiatrist. consider self-help. consider herbal remedies. ask your doctor about other medications. try cognitive-behavioral therapy (cbt). ask about cognitive behavioral therapy. consider hypnosis. consider psychodynamic behavioral therapy (hbt). consider cognitive behavioral behavioral therapy or cbt. ask about hypnosis or hypnosis as a last resort. consider other forms of therapy. ask yourself if therapy is right for you.
network. contact potential employers. conduct informational interviews. learn about the person’s job. apply for a job. interview for the job. accept the position.
make sure that your skin is completely dry before you begin. make sure that you are in a well-ventilated area. add 1 tablespoon of sugar to the bowl. consider adding a few drops of water. consider taking a warm shower or bath. apply the scrub to your legs and let it sit for 5 to 10 minutes. rinse the scrub off with warm water and pat your legs dry with a towel. consider applying some moisturizer to your skin after you get out of the shower. moisturize your legs with a moisturizer made from coconut oil and water.
know what the car is worth as a whole. consider selling individual parts. take electronics out of the car. remove interior parts. remove unnecessary parts. sell your car parts to a scrap yard or online.
try a floral crown. wear flowers or flower clips in your hair. try a headpiece with twigs. go for a crown with leaves.
apply for a marriage license in the county where the bride-to-be is from. get consent from your parents. apply for an order from a district judge. get a “receiver” if necessary. complete the marriage license application.
decide what type of candle you want to make. choose the type of wax. choose a wick for your candle. gather the supplies you will need to make your candles. purchase the containers you will use to pour your candle wax into. choose your wick. purchase other supplies you may need to add to your candle, if desired. purchase your candle making tools. set up your candle-making station. start your candle!
research the weather. use skype or skype to keep in touch with family and friends. make friends with the locals and other travelers. take as many trips as you can. sign up for oh my traveling. book a cheap trip with a student oriented company. stay in touch on social media.
know what you're apologizing for. think about what went wrong. apologize in person. start with "i'm sorry". use your body language. listen to the other person's side of the story. make a promise to change in the future. be sincere. give a token of forgiveness. don't try to make amends. be prepared for the possibility of rejection. know when to walk away. know that you can't change who you are. know how to move on. know what to do next.
open the windows phone store. check for updates for the app you want to update. set up automatic updates for your app.
join an online support group. use automatic alternate text on facebook. use an online dating site for the visually impaired or blind.
understand the causes of hoarding. check in with the hoarder. communicate your concerns about health and safety. avoid taking things away without his permission. ask questions. set goals for the living space. be patient and patient. praise small improvements in the living area. encourage the hoarding person to seek professional help. help the person find ways to manage his emotions. encourage self-care and self-advocacy. provide emotional support for the person who hoards.
determine if you are eligible to vote. obtain a copy of the florida voter registration application. complete the application form. sign the application. submit your completed application. wait for your voter information card. check your voter status. notify the supervisor of elections of your registration. choose an early voting date. register to vote early. go to the polling place. fill out the ballot. fill in your ballot. pay your registration fee. receive your card.
determine the goal of your protest. choose a location for the protest. pick the right time to protest. get a protest permit. plan your protest strategy. get the media's attention. gather materials to communicate your message. dress for safety and comfort. make sure everyone is aware of the protest's location. keep the protest going until your goal is met.
add chia seeds to wet food. mix chia into salads and desserts. make granola bars. make a fruit jelly or jam.
mix the flour and butter in a large mixing bowl. add the fat to the flour mixture. mix the fat into the flour using a pastry blender or a table knife. , blend the fat and flour mixture until the fat is evenly combined. , pour the mixture into a bowl and let it sit for a few minutes to cool. , cut into the fat with a knife.
keep in mind flirting is natural. use your sense of humor. do not try to show off or brag.
visit your doctor. take antibiotics. try acupuncture. rest the affected area. take vitamins. take pain relievers. keep your skin clean and dry. consider surgical treatment. manage the pain. be aware of the risk factors for cellulitis. understand what causes cellulitis in the first place. recognize the signs and symptoms. treat the infection quickly. avoid spreading the infection. prevent the spread of the infection to others. take care of your skin. wash your hands often. avoid touching the area. avoid scratching the infected area. don’t touch your skin with your hands or fingers. avoid contact with the skin. keep the area clean. apply a topical antibiotic cream. apply ointment to the area to reduce swelling. apply an antibiotic cream to reduce pain and swelling. use a topical anti-inflammatory cream.
talk to children about money. develop a budget. save for the future. avoid spending more than you can afford. save money for retirement. save and invest in your future. , save for your retirement. invest in a home. plan for death and burial expenses. , plan for taxes, taxes, and other future expenses.
learn how to say “no” and “yes” in vietnamese. learn the correct way to say "yes."
use baking powder to clean your carpet. use baking powder as a cleaner. make a paste to remove odors from your home. remove smells from your shoes with baking powder. make an ant deterrent. remove crayon marks from your walls with a baking powder and water paste. finished.
don't accept friend requests from random jammers. don't buddy people you don't know. use aldan servers. be nice to everyone. encourage jammers to block and report bad behavior. avoid yelling at or yelling at jammers, especially if they are rude. avoid being a rude jammer.
buy a ticket in euro. book a tour bus ride to paris. purchase your ticket to verailles from a tour company.
keep your dog on a leash. put a life jacket on your dog in your boat. figure out if your dog can swim. consider putting a pet ramp on your boat if you have one.
get to know her. compliment her. make eye contact. pay attention to her body language. make her feel like she is the center of attention. talk to her instead of her friends. call her or text her. be yourself. give her a small gift. ask her if she’d like to go out on a date. don’t be afraid to ask her out. make sure that she is comfortable around you. don't be too pushy. be a gentleman. ask for her number when you’re ready to leave.
find your router's ip address. open the start menu and select "system preferences.", click the "network" tab. find the "ip address" entry. find your router’s ip address if you can't find it. open a web browser on your computer. type .netgear.com into your browser's address bar and press ↵ enter. click the .system preferences button. select "network & internet.", select the "internet connections" tab and click "add a connection.", enter the ip address of your router. connect to the router via ethernet if necessary. enter your login information. click "sign in.", find the router's configuration page. check to see if a new version of the firmware is available. download the latest firmware from the manufacturer's website. download a new firmware version from the router model number. extract the downloaded firmware file. upload the firmware file to the firmware update page. wait for the update to complete. reset your router if it won't reset. try resetting your router again. check your wireless network settings. troubleshoot a router that won't boot up. try connecting to the internet instead.
reassign the intern, if necessary. talk to human resources if you feel harassed. report the intern for sexual harassment or harassment.
wear the right shoes. wear quality accessories. choose the right handbag. don’t wear too many accessories with your dress.
do side bends. add a fan pose to the end of the pose. take care of your joints if you're injured.
make sure you have a great first day. get a manicure. wear perfume. keep your lips looking great. try a new hairstyle. take care of your teeth. take good care of the skin. have fun with it!
secure your tree. keep holiday plants out of your dog’s reach. avoid fire risks. keep lights and ornaments out of reach. be careful with snow globes. train your dog well.
schedule playdates. take your kids on field trips. plan arts and crafts projects. visit the library. reduce the number of toys in the house.
choose a play to produce. hire a director. find a financial backer. secure a venue. cast your cast. hire your support staff. create a schedule and a schedule. schedule your rehearsals. create your set design. create the stage set. design your costumes and props. design the stage scenery. create an opening night program. set the stage for the play. perform a dress rehearsal. rehearse the show. perform the play in front of a live audience. sell tickets. promote the show at the venue. market the play to the public.
preheat the grill to medium-high heat. , place the onion on the grill. , cover the onion with aluminum foil. , put the grill on high. , protect your hands. turn the grill off. hold the grill plate over the top of the onion. remove the onion from the grill once the grill is hot. serve the onion hot.
hair: if you have long hair, wear it down to your mid-thighs. makeup: wear a lot of eye makeup, but don't overdo it. hygiene: wear deodorant, but not too much. nails: keep your nails short and clean. jewelry: wear earrings. body jewelry: don't wear body jewelry if you don't want to get a body piercing. clothes: wear clothes that don't show too much (or too little). underwear: wear underwear that's not too tight or too loose.
measure out your rope. make a loop at the end of your line. make slits in the sides of your tennis balls. thread your rope dart through the tennis balls and feed it through them.
understand how the federal housing authority (fha) buys and sells foreclosures. determine what type of home you want to purchase. evaluate the condition of the home. apply for an fha rehabilitation loan if the home is eligible for “no money down.” this is a type of fha loan.
find out if your destination country has uber service. make sure you have a payment method that works in the country where you are traveling. get a local phone number. purchase an international sim card for your phone. activate your new sim card. download the uber app and create your account.
remain calm. alert others of the situation. have a backup plan in place. know when to run and when to hide.
mix the dry ingredients together in a large bowl. pour the flour, salt, and baking soda into the bowl. add the water to the flour mixture. stir in enough water to form a clump. press the clump of dough into the egg-shaped clumps. allow the eggs to dry for at least 24 hours.you can do this by covering the eggs with plastic wrap or by placing them in an airtight container. play with your dinosaur eggs.
open the finder preferences menu. open the sidebar preferences window. set your macbook to appear in the sidebar. click the ok button.
act like you don't care. don't be provoked. be prepared. act confident. act like you've been fighting your whole life. give your opponent a reason to get ready. get ready to defend yourself. dodge their punches and kicks. charge. end the fight. walk away.
wipe up spills with a paper towel. use an epoxy floor brush to remove stubborn stains. use a vinegar and hot water solution to clean up stubborn stains and stains.
let your hamster sleep. wash your hands before playing with your pet. get your hamsters used to being handled by you. play outside your pet’s cage. remove all electrical cords and toxic plants from the play area. keep your pet away from high surfaces. don’t leave your pet alone in the same room as your dog or cat. find your pet if it escapes. put a hamster wheel in its cage. clean the cage regularly. make a tunnel in the woods. create a hide-and-seek tunnel. play hide and go seek. play with the hamster in the garden. play in the pool. play on the floor. play fetch and release.
find a quiet, distraction-free area to transcribe. know your niche. learn to do your job well. get used to repetition. get certified. stay up-to-date with the latest technology. finished.
repair the oil tanker. build additional fisheries. visit yana’s ark. build 10 new worker barracks. get a fire protection expert. take the expert to yana. put out the fire. collect water samples. head to the ark to analyze the samples. build one tea plantation. build a concert hall. build 2 distilleries. build two tea plantations. build 3 wind parks or a power plant. upgrade your houses to eco houses. deliver the technician. deliver a water pump. deliver water to the main water pump on the main island. return to your island. build more worker barracks and more buildings. deliver more food to your citizens. deliver food to the residents of your city. continue to fulfill your citizen's needs.
choose a rack in your oven for your pizza stone. place the pizza stone in the oven at a cool temperature. remove the pizza from the oven and place it on the rack. use a pizza paddle to transfer uncooked pizza dough onto the stone. peel the pizza dough with a wooden peel. place other items on top of the stone, if desired. clean the stone after each use. do not try to scrub the stone with a sponge. don't try to soak the stone in water. clean up any stains immediately. use the stone as you would any other oven-safe cooking item. move the stone to the bottom rack when baking heavy items. check the size of your oven. consider purchasing a quarry stone. avoid glazed quarry stones. consider buying several smaller stones. place your stone on the top rack of the oven. , preheat the oven to 400 degrees fahrenheit (204 degrees celsius). , place your pizza on the stone and bake it. , remove the stone when the crust is half-cooked. peel off the peel and place on a plate to cool. , serve and enjoy! , finished.
choose a type of thriller. come up with a story idea. create interesting characters. read examples of thrillers. plot out the novel. start with an engaging scene. keep the stakes high. make the main character’s life difficult. move the plot forward at a fast pace. include the right amount of detail. avoid cliches. avoid using cliche. avoid clichés. read the novel out loud. revise.
place a wheel chock in front of the motorcycle's front wheel. place the motorcycle in the truck or trailer. attach the soft loops to the back of your motorcycle. attach your ratchet straps to the hooks of the straps. pull the straps tight enough to stand the motorcycle upright. choose the part of the bike that you want to tie down. hook the straps to your motorcycle and the truck bed.
have self-worth. appreciate your unique personality. surround yourself with positive people. add variety to your life. be grateful for what you have. avoid negative thinking. help other people.
create a new word document. adjust the paper settings if you want to create a standard paper. create a header.
be willing to negotiate. know when it's appropriate to haggle. be polite and courteous. be persistent. don't negotiate until you're sure you've won't be able to get a better price. be honest.
understand your medical condition. talk to your doctor. learn how to take your medications. know how to use the equipment your doctor has given you. ask your doctor about any dietary restrictions you may need to follow. pack a car or other large vehicle to take you home. schedule any final examinations or tests your doctor may order. prepare for your discharge from the hospital. pack your bag. take any medication you need to leave the hospital with you. purchase any other items you need for the trip home. pack any items you want to take with you to your home. send a thank-you note to your nurses and support team before you leave.
get a job walking dogs. get a job doing yard work. clean cars and trucks.
understand the purpose of macro analysis. identify the macro indicators that you want to analyze. find the historical data for each macro indicator. analyze the trend of each indicator. convert the percentage of change for each indicator to percent. consider investing in stocks.
get a lasso. use the lasso on your target. find a place to hang the victim. drag the victim to the hanging spot. lasso the victim as they pass under the bridge or cliff. swing the victim off the cliff or ledge. hang your victim from a balcony or ledges. hang them from a tree or gallows if you're in a hurry.
observe empathy in pigs. observe empathy in elephants. look for empathy in animals of the same species. observe group related activities.
apply a lip-plumping product to your lips. try a product with active ingredients. apply the lip plumper first. don’t overuse the product. invest in a treatment plumper if you want more out of it.
gather your tools. slide books under the door. knock the pin out with a hammer and nail punch. use a screwdriver to pry the pin up further. remove the hinge pins one at a time. take the door down by the hinges.
draw the basic shapes for the body. draw the “skeleton” of the body and head. sketch in the face. add facial features. add hair and clothes. outline the drawing and erase the guidelines. color and outline your drawing as you wish.
teach your students about a "sustainable happiness hero" - a person they know who lives a happy life. ask the students what they have learned about happiness from others in their lives. discuss the role of the media in influencing students' understanding of happiness. use the power of choice to teach students about sustainable happiness. encourage students to express gratitude for the things they have in their life. make a chart of the choices students have made to live a sustainable happiness life. have the students come up with a " sustainable happiness hero". ask students to think about ways in which they could try to make their lives more sustainable. encourage the students to put the ideas they have developed into action. work with the students on how to implement the ideas that they have gleaned from the sustainable happiness activities. finished.
open your iphone's settings. scroll down and tap general. tap reset. tap erase all content and settings. enter your apple id password. enter the passcode when prompted. tap restore from icloud backup. wait for the restore process to finish. tap the "back" button. select a language and region. tap back up now. tap sign in with apple id and password. tap text restore. tap a date to select a restore date.
talk to your doctor. get a physical exam. ask for a referral to a nutritionist. check the side effects of any prescription medications you're taking.
download the airdroid app on your android device. download and install the airdroid desktop app. sign up for an account. download the desktop client for windows and mac. run the installer and install it. allow access to your windows firewall (if prompted). sign in with your account. drag and drop files to your android. transfer files from your android to your computer. send files wirelessly.
contact the site of the field trip. arrange transportation. visit the site in advance. ask for chaperones. gather all necessary paperwork and information for the trip. communicate with the appropriate parties. provide fun activities for students who cannot go on trip.
consider lowlighting your hair. try a demi-permanent toner. use a permanent toner for long-term results. maintain your color as much as possible.
take a class. take an online course. download a mythology app. use a website to learn more about greek mythology.
obtain experience crystals. feed eidolons experience crystals to increase their stats. use Crest to increase stats. equip your eidolon with accessories. evolve your e Eidolon.
choose a pot that matches your garden style. avoid bright colors. make sure your pot will fit in the space. choose a larger pot if you have a large garden. select a textured pot.
make a gauge swatch. cast on the number of stitches specified in the pattern. knit the swatch in stockinette stitch. count the stitches and rows. determine how many stitches you need. adjust your gauge based on your knitting needles. finished.
do not dig the soil. use a barrier to prevent weeds from growing through the mulch. mulch weed-infested beds in late winter or early spring. plant your seeds in the middle of the ground. use compost. use organic fertilizers. avoid fertilisers that contain pesticides. do not use fertilizers that contain herbicides. avoid using fertiliser that contains insecticides. use only organic fertilisers. avoid pesticides that contain nitrates. avoid herbicides that contain phosphorous acids. avoid chemical fertilizers such as dha and dha. avoid synthetic fertilizers, such as those that contain dha or dha, which are toxic to the soil and are not suitable for organic gardening.
identify gyms in your area. consider krav maga fitness classes. watch a class. talk to instructors. observe classes.
say "म पनि तिमीलाई माया गर्छु।" for "i love you.", say "i prem love you" in nepalali. say "pa-ni love you too.", say it back. finished.
set up the formula for the perimeter of a square. find the length of one side of the square. multiply the side length by 4. set up the perimeter formula for a circle. plug the values of the sides into the formula. solve for 2π{\displaystyle 2\pi }. finished.
make sure the home is clean. make sure all smoke and carbon monoxide detectors are working. caulk the exterior of the home. clean the home’s heating and air conditioning system. clean up the yard around the outside of the house. keep firewood and garbage away from the home and property.
forgive yourself. practice being authentic. practice mindfulness. make a commitment to change. spend time by yourself. reflect on your progress each day.
set goals. break your goals down into actionable steps. set a schedule. be realistic. use positive thinking.
open your internet browser. visit the whatsapp download page. click the "download whatsapp" button. install whatsapp on your computer. launch whatsapp and tap "install.", tap "add to desktop.", open whatsapp for your mobile phone. scan the qr code on your phone. line up the code with your phone's camera. use whatsapp to send and receive messages on desktop.
flirt with the person you're hooking up with. start kissing or doing something more. set some ground rules. have the talk. have fun. check in with each other as you go.
start with a ball of yarn that is about 5" in diameter. crochet a circle that is the diameter of the ball, starting from the edge of the yarn and working your way up to the top of the hook. , crochet two stitches per stitch. , join the two stitches together to form a circle. , start crocheting in the round. add a ring or two to the circle. add more rows and more yarn to make the circle bigger. , continue to crochet in the same way, adding more and more stitches.
talk to your doctor about chemical treatments. try cryotherapy to remove the wart. try pulse-dye laser treatment to kill the blood vessels.
go to https://www.twitter.com in a web browser. sign in to your twitter account. go to twitter widgets. click create button. select a button. enter the information for your button. click add button. customize the button’s appearance. click save changes. copy the twitter source code.
take a mental health day when things are slow. get ahead of everything. make sure you don't have anything important to do. don't leave the house if you know you will be bored. plan what you want to do, and don't plan to do anything. get everything you need for the day. if you want, go to a spa or go to the spa.
combine the dye and water. make a soda ash solution. soak the bone in the solution. submerge the bone overnight. rinse the bone with warm water and soap. let the bone dry.
go to the skype website. click on settings. , click on sign in. , enter your skype name and password. click sign in now.
do not use toothpastes. use toothpaste. use baking soda. use chemical dips. use a salt bath. use aluminum foil and baking soda to clean aluminum foil. use salt and water to clean silver. use vinegar to clean stainless steel. use ammonia to clean brass objects.
make sure you have the basic skills down. use a running trampoline or gymnastics floor. warm up. run or lunge forward. raise your arms over your head. lower your upper body while lifting your lower body in the air. land your hands on the ground. jump up as high as you can without jumping. sit on your hands and knees. use your arms to generate momentum. land in a handstand position. try a back handspring. do a cartwheel. try the roundoff on the floor. do the handstand. try doing a handpring.
determine your face and body shape. match your body shape to your dress style. if you have a round face, choose a dress that elongates your face to make your face look more oval. if your face shape is oval, select a dress with a vertical shape.
choose a name based on personality. choose a name that is short. use a name with an identifiable sound. avoid names that sound too similar to other names. choose an area to train in. train in short sessions. use the puppy's name one time per exercise. reward the puppy when he comes to you. practice in different locations. stop using the name frequently. be patient and consistent.
determine why you want to consolidate. choose the right path for you. contact a private lender. ask your current lender if you can consolidate. apply for a private loan. consider other options if you’re having trouble paying off your student loans. consider alternatives.
back up all of the files in your minecraft server folder. make a copy of the "world" folder. download the server file. rename the new server file to match your old one. run the new file. change the eula=false line to "eula=true". save the file and exit the text editor. , restart minecraft and start the server to test it out.
section your hair. curl a section of hair. wrap your hair around the curling wand. repeat the process. spray your hair with hairspray.
beat the butter until smooth. mix in the confectioners’ sugar. stir in the egg yolks, vanilla, salt, and vanilla. add the flour to the butter mixture. substitute in the cocoa for the flour for chocolate. add ground nuts to the dough for a nutty flavor. add cranberries, orange zest, and zest for a tart flavor. blend in the cinnamon for a spicy flavor. fold in mini peanut butter or chocolate chips. divide the dough into two balls. wrap the dough in plastic wrap and chill it. roll each ball into a log. refrigerate the logs for several hours. roll the logs in sugar. chill the logs again. preheat the oven to 350 degrees fahrenheit (180 degrees celsius). bake the cookies for 10 to 12 minutes. cool the cookies before slicing them. serve the cookies immediately. finished.
manage your time wisely. answer the questions that you know well first. answer multiple choice questions carefully. revise the answers after completing the exam.
get a four year degree. know the tuition fees. get two to three years work experience. take the gmat. take toefl. get scholarships, fellowships and loans to fund your education expense. go to the best business schools of us to get admission in the top most respected business schools in usa.
find a brown hooded sweatshirt and pants. find a brown sweat suit that fits your child. pull the sweatshirt over your child's head. cut a piece of brown fleece in half. cut 2 brown ovals out of the fleece. place the ovals on top of each other. glue the brown oval to the flat end of each oval. glue 1 ear to the top of the hoodie. attach the other ear on top. sew the ears to the front and back of the monkey ears with brown thread. , sew the remaining ears to each side of the ears. , add a few inches (5 to 7 cm) to each measurement to fill up the belly portion of the suit. , fold the sweat suit in half lengthwise. , cut a 1/2 inch (1.3 cm) wide strip of brown thread and sew it to the back of each of the sleeves. , attach the monkey suit to the bottom of the pants. , tie a knot in the bottom right corner of each monkey suit. tie the monkey costume around the child's neck and pull the strings under the chin. finished.
use a vacuum cleaner. use a feather duster. use non-sticky lint roller tubes. roll over the ceiling instead.
remove the bugs by hand. pick the bugs up with gloves. sweep them up with a broom. vacuum them up. freeze the bugs to death. use soap and water to kill the boxelder bugs.
talk to your gynecologist. take over-the-counter pain relievers. drink herbal tea. apply a heating pad to your abdomen. relax as much as possible. consider surgery for large cysts.
contact a clinic licensed to perform the ericsson method. make an appointment on the day of the mother's ovulation. provide the father with a sperm sample. wait for the sperm to pass through the albumin. artificially inseminate the mother. be aware that pregnancy is not guaranteed. have realistic expectations. acknowledge the limitations of the method's effectiveness.
open a new email. add the video file as an attachment. compress the file to a smaller size (optional).
use an egg. use apple cider vinegar. make an avocado mask. make a honey mask. deep condition your hair once a week. finished.
identify the problem. take responsibility for your own behavior. talk to your teacher. ask your teacher for advice. encourage your teacher to provide interesting lectures and assignments. avoid judging the teacher.
decide why you want to stay up late. decide who you're going to do it with. hide your things. wait for your parents to come to bed. pretend you're asleep. wait until your parents are asleep. grab your things and hide them. know when your parents wake up. put away your technology. have a good night's sleep the next day. don't go to bed with dark circles on your face. take care of your eyes in the morning.
catch a pokémon that can learn false swipe. bring the right equipment. use false swipe on articuno. put articuno to sleep.
remove the phone or tablet from the case. insert a coin into the slot to the left of the charge port. pull the back of the case away from the front of the phone/tablet. open the latch on the other side of the latch. slide the phone out of the back. place the phone on a flat surface. press the phone against the side of your body.
determine if bougainvillea is suitable for your climate. choose a sunny location. make sure the soil drains well. plant the bougainsvillea in a deep hole or in a container.
go to the start menu and click on control panel. click on the "programs and features" tab. , look for "task manager". click on "control panel". click "open control panel".
determine if you need professional help with anger management. find a support group for people with anger issues. attend anger management classes or groups. develop an anger management routine or plan. attend classes regularly. put your anger management techniques into practice. help others who are going through the same problem.
find a voice teacher in your area. ask the teacher about their experience. take voice lessons. consider taking online lessons.
use hormonal birth control. consider other hormonal methods. consider non-hiv protection methods. know what to do if you become pregnant.
determine if you live in a state that allows same-sex marriage. decide if you want to dissolve your civil union. determine the grounds for dissolution of civil unions in your state. determine if you and your partner can live in the state where the union was established. discuss the dissolution of the civil union with your partner. discuss how you will handle the children of the child(s) if you have adopted or natural-birth children. discuss where the children will live if the union is dissolved. discuss financial responsibilities, property, assets and assets if the civil unions are dissolved. seek legal help if you need it. consult with your attorney if you are having trouble deciding what to do. , consult with a lawyer if you do not know how to proceed, or if you cannot find a lawyer who will help you.
wash and condition your hair as you normally would. blow dry your hair. apply a volumizing serum or styling spray to your hair before you blow dry it. use a small amount of styling spray or serum on your bangs. let your hair air dry completely before you remove it from the blow dryer. remove any tangles. finished.
choose an exercise machine. get an electrocardiogram (ecg). get a blood pressure cuff. get breathing equipment. get some electrodes. buy new or used equipment. compare prices and quality. get a computer monitor. buy a heart rate monitor. purchase a heart monitor. get other accessories. get the blood pressure monitor. install the system.
draw two ovals. draw a semicircle for the body of the pencil and a smaller one for the eraser. add a small circle for the tip. draw some circles for the holes. outline your drawing with permanent markers. color in your drawing. erase the guidelines and you're done!, , color it in.
download a hardware monitoring software. open the software. identify the components that are being measured. finished.
start with the frame of the wall first. apply damp-blown cellulose insulation to the wall. flatten the insulation with a roller or scrubber. hang the first layer of sheetrock. apply soundproofing adhesive to the back of the drywall, if desired. seal up the edges with acoustic sealant. apply a thin layer of green glue to the backs of your sheets of drywall. add a second layer of acoustic glue, then repeat on the other side of the room.
find out if you are allowed to bring a weight allowance. purchase a luggage scale. turn on the scale. choose to weigh yourself in lbs. place the scale on your luggage. lift the luggage. set the scale down on a flat surface. read the numbers as you lift. remove the scale from your luggage and check the reading if necessary.
make sure you’re targeting adults. avoid using images that appeal to children. avoid copying other businesses’ trademarks. maintain a professional image.
learn the rules of the game: when a person calls a time-out, they must say "time-out" and everyone must put their cards down. do not touch your cards during time-outs. don't talk during a point of order(s). when a card is played on top of another card, you must slap the deck. when a king or queen is played, say "all hail the great chairman of mau" when you receive a card, and when a queen or king is played.
wash and dry the basil leaves. place the dried basil leaves into a clean glass jar. add the vodka to the jar. cover the jar and refrigerate. remove from the refrigerator. use the vodka in your favorite recipe.
buy a chemical drain cleaner. read the manufacturer’s instructions. remove any remaining water from the bathtub. pour the chemical cleaner into the drain. let the chemicals sit for 15-30 minutes. turn on the cold water faucet. do not try a different chemical cleaner if the first one does not work immediately.
search for hip-hop dance videos online. go to a dance club or club in your area and see if there is a dance competition going on. ask people you know if they’ve been dancing. learn to dance the way that you want to dance in the future.
open a powerpoint 2007–2010 file. click on “chart” from the ribbon tabs. choose a chart style. enter the data for the segments. name the chart. give the chart a name (optional).
look for sudden changes in work or school habits. pay attention to changes in spending and money habits. look for changes in appearance and mannerism. notice if things are disappearing from the home. be aware of the signs and symptoms of drug use as well as the effects of the drugs they may be using. finished.
talk to skjor in the jorrvaskr. enter the underforge. drink the blood from the fountain. become a werewolf. go to gallows rock. eliminate the silver hand.
make cutoffs. make scarves. make bracelets. make a homemade lip balm. make chocolate chips and whipped cream. roll them in your favorite topping. make pizza pizzas. make chai tea bags. make half-and-half and sugar cookies. make hot chocolate milk tea.
schedule a meeting with the trainer. ask people for references. evaluate the trainer’s training methods. look for good people skills. observe a class. avoid trainers who use negative reinforcement or dominance-based models.
wash the car with hot water and soap. rub the sap with a soft cloth. try rubbing the sap off with an alcohol wipe. use isopropyl alcohol. use wd-40 on the tree sap. remove the sap from the car. wash the car in hot water with soap and water. wax the car if the sap is still on the car's surface.
assess the victim. check for the following: consciousness. feel the victim's leg. immobilize the patient. keep the victim still. check the patient's pulse and feel the area around the femur bone for a pulse. , check the victim’s legs and feet. continue to monitor the victim and make sure she is breathing.
play mario kart 8 on your wii u. win cups to unlock new characters. win the same cup more than once to unlock a character. unlock your mii by winning cups. unlock cups in any engine class to play in any mode. purchase a dlc pack.
prepare your questions. ask your doctor for instructions. ask the pharmacist for directions. have your pharmacist review your prescription. finished.
understand the limitations of the current vaccine. keep up-to-date with pandemic warnings. get a flu vaccine. get the pneumonia vaccine. take antiviral medications. wash your hands often. carry an alcohol-based hand cleaner with you at all times. avoid contact with infected birds or poultry products. take precautions when cooking. avoid exposure to infected people. stay away from your workplace. stay home if you're sick. stay out of public transportation. stay indoors as much as possible. avoid sharing personal items. take care of your health. keep track of your personal hygiene. keep your home well-ventilated. stay informed about the pandemic.
open the google contacts website. sign in with your google account. search for the contacts you want to delete. tap the trashcan icon in the upper-right corner of the contacts page. tap delete all contacts. open the settings app on your android. tap accounts. tap account settings. tap google contacts. tap your account. scroll down and tap the "reset google data" button. tap reset to confirm that you've resync your data.
see your doctor. treat the underlying condition. recognize the symptoms of iron deficiency anemia. understand how anemia occurs. know if you are at risk.
know what you’re in for. check if you can adopt a fostered dog. attend an adoption event. complete an adoption questionnaire. meet the foster family and the dog. take the dog home. fill out a few more documents. pay the adoption fee. receive your dog’s final approval.
fix your home before showing it to anybody. get your home appraised. don’t let buyers know that you are motivated. discover the buyer’s motivations. avoid the “third party” tactic. wait until all relevant parties are present before you begin negotiating. wait for a counter-offer. state your price. be patient. focus on the big issues. keep track of the details. use bargaining to your advantage. negotiate until you reach an agreement. get the buyer to sign the agreement in writing. get a lawyer to review the sale agreement. close on the sale, if possible.
find out the seller's disclosures. talk to your real estate agent. check the inspector's credentials. schedule an appointment for the inspection. have the inspector inspect the house. hire a specialist inspector.
choose a proper personal flotation device. get the right skis. use a rope. learn the proper hand signals. use ski flags. get in the correct stance. start quickly. maintain a smooth ride. pick the right time of day to start. teach kids the proper water skiing technique. teach the proper technique for beginners. teach water skiing to older children. teach children the correct technique for wakeboarding. teach skiers the correct way to turn. teach beginners how to fall. teach them how to stop. teach how to get out of the water. learn how to return to the dock. teach your skier how to put their skis back on. have fun.
decide what kind of paint you want to use. mix your colours. use a paint wheel to help you mix colours. get a paintbrush. find a photo or photograph to use as a reference. learn how to change the color of a paint brush. if you are using watercolor paint, make sure that the paint is wet before you start painting. if using oil paint, use a brush to paint the background of the painting. , if using acrylic or tempera paint, be sure that you have enough time to do this before the paint dries. , finished.
draw a prism base. , draw the corners. connect the corners with vertical lines. draw the light source. color the prism.
try french braiding. french braid the side of your hair. finish the look.
choose a ⅛ inch (3.2 mm) or ⅞ inch (22 mm) drill bit. set the plunge depth of the drill. clamp a board to the drill press table. mark the length of the slot on the board with a pencil. drill a hole into the board at each endpoint. drill overlapping holes into the slot. chisel off the ridges between the holes. file off the rough edges with a chisel. sand the slot with sandpaper.
create a pigpen. build a fence around the pen. provide shade for your pigs. provide a mud wallow. use the manure your pigs produce to fertilize your garden or crops. keep flies at bay. know when to start raising your pig(s). feed your pigs a high quality diet. provide plenty of fresh water. provide your pigs with hay. provide fresh water at all times. keep your pigs clean. provide adequate shelter from cold and wind. provide shelter from the elements of the world around them.
do not automatically compliment your friend. encourage your friend to seek professional help. acknowledge your friend’s feelings and let them know you understand.
buy some christmas calendars. clean out your house. relax. spend quality time with your kids. buy second hand christmas gifts. teach your children about the meaning of christmas. teach them the story of st. nicolas and how he gave his bags of gold to the poor people in his room. have a christmas prayer with your children. get them to open their presents. recycle wrapping. meditate. go for a walk. buy some holly decorations. make christmas cookies. bake christmas cards. make a gingerbread cake. make some gingerbread brownies. decorate your house with christmas lights. put up christmas trees. make your own christmas tree decorations. put out christmas decorations. give gifts to people you know who need them most.
read a lot. have more hobbies, passions, and interests. keep learning. be open to new experiences. recognize your best qualities. develop your opinions. embrace your quirks. always listen to feedback. be the center of attention. be an insightful person. be a good listener. have a good sense of humor. develop a sense of perspective. have good manners.
make a fishing rod. enchant the rod. make sure it's raining. break all blocks above the water. choose a spot to fish. cast the line. reel in the bobber. watch for splashes. check your odds.
wait a while. do some soul-searching. make yourself look better. think about what you actually want. wait until he's single. send him a message via text or e-mail. meet up in person, if you want to. talk about your feelings. be honest. listen to what he has to say. don't make promises you can't keep.
draw two ovals. draw two circles. add legs. draw a head. add a nose. add ears and a tail. erase the circles and add fur. finished.
chew your food loudly and loudly. complain about the restaurant. refuse to eat. order impossible things.
make sure you have a good sense of taste. put the cookies in a jar. take the cookies out of the jar and put them on a plate. sell the cookies at $1.00 or $2.00 per cookie.
eat fresh, unprocessed food whenever you can. consider eating more raw food or following a paleo diet. eat lots of salad. make your own sandwiches. use the microwave to your advantage. ask your friends and family members to cook for you. eat out with friends more often. avoid eating out as much as you can, especially if you're on a tight budget. avoid fast food at restaurants. finished.
connect to a vpn on your computer or mobile device. connect your device to the vpn. log into facebook on your device.
do a faux 180. practice in your garage. take it to the streets. hop off with one foot. hop back on.
understand what regular expressions are used for. learn how to use regular expressions. choose the type of regular expression you want to use. decide on the setting of the regular expression. create a regular expression using the following syntax: ismatch() , match() , is match() - if you need to check whether a match was found or not. decide if you want a match collection or replace() method. decide between a static or a static method. create the regex object. retrieve the results. use the results of the operation.
determine how and when you use sarcasm. identify your trigger situations. listen to what you say. rate yourself. tell others about your problem. put a dollar in your jar every time you say something sarcastic. remind yourself to be kind to others. do something uplifting for someone every day. don’t take yourself too seriously. don't be afraid to say the wrong thing. avoid negative self-talk. avoid sarcasm in the future. be patient.
use hooks. use sinkers. use bobbers. use lures. use artificial baits. use live bait. use worms. use a bobber rig.
gather your supplies. cut the cap off of a plastic bottle with a craft knife. poke two holes near the cut edge of the bottle. poke a hole in the cap with a hammer or nail. fill the bottle with activated charcoal. place the coffee filter over the cap. break down the charcoal into smaller pieces. add a layer of sand over the charcoal. add some gravel on top of the sand. place a jar under the filter to catch the water. hang the filter up. pour the water through the filter into the jar. wait for the water to drain. repeat the process until the water is clear. boil the water, if necessary. put the filter in a cup or mug and fill it with water. cover the filter with a piece of fabric and let it sit for a few minutes. drink the water from the filter. finished.
sign up for a bitstamp account. send your bitcoins to the address associated with your account. place a buy or sell order. withdraw your funds.
assess your current signature. think about the letters of your name. decide how complex you want your signature to be. consider how important your signature is. decide what you want to sign. look at signatures of famous people. experiment with different styles and flourishes. use the right writing tool. exaggerate one letter. underline your signature. draw inspiration from calligraphy. add embellishments to your letters. keep it simple. sign your name with symbols.
decide if you want a new or old teddy or stuffed animal. decide how big you want your stuffed animal to be. decide what kind of animal you want. think of a name for your teddy/stuffed animal. make it a home!, make it some clothes. give it a rest day. when you're ready to take it out, put it on your lap and hold it close to you. if you're going out of the house, take it with you. once you get home, give it some love and cuddle with it until it falls asleep. , take it to the vet if needed.
determine if the clinic or doctor is licensed by the state where you live. ask about the technician's experience. schedule a consultation with the laser hair removal provider. ask the provider about the cost of the procedure.
make a cleaning solution with vinegar and baking soda. mix hydrogen peroxide and mild soap. create a cleaner with white vinegar. test your cleaning solution on a small area first.
open spotlight. open spotlight. type "terminal" into the spotlight text field. press ⏎ return. enter the command to disable the java update. click ok.
decide who to invite. find a good place to have the sleepover. set up the tent. make the tent look nice. provide food and drinks. watch a film. play truth or dare. give each other makeovers. play games. read scary stories. have a dance party. take lots of pictures of you and your friends together. finished.
cut a hexagon out of a sheet of paper. trace lines from corner-to-corner on the hexagon. cut across the lines. fold the lines in half, then cut across them again. fold over the corners to make a pinwheel. place the pinwheel on top of the paper. poke a hole in the back of the pin with a pin. add some beads to the hole. insert a wooden dowel into the hole and secure it with a thumbtack. test the pin and pushpin out of the dowel. finished.
choose the right person to tell. educate them. be prepared for a little shock. don't expect them to accept you right away. remember that some people won't like you.
make sure that the address is on the inside of the envelope. turn the letter over. proofread the letter. fold the bottom of the letter up. crease the letter one third of the way in. fold in the left side. fold up the right side. place the letter in the envelope!
ask yourself what is romantic for you. ask yourself when was the last time you did something just because you wanted to. write notes. build up to a romantic gesture. ask open ended questions. ask your partner what he or she thinks is romantic. talk to your partner about his or her ideas about what it means to be romantic.
understand the difference between brake pads and brake shoes. understand why disc brakes are used on front axles. know that disc brakes handle heat better than drum brakes when they’re.
choose the right education. make sure you have a clean record. gain retail experience. do informational interviews. write a resume. think about what you’ve already done in high school. send a cover letter to the jewelry store that you want to work for. look for job postings online. apply to a variety of positions. don’t be discouraged if you don't get the job you want. prepare for your interview. research the company that will be interviewing you. be prepared for the interview. go to the interview and show your interest in the position. wait for the company to contact you with questions.
use social media to promote your restaurant. focus on providing visual representations of your food and restaurant. respond to comments and feedback. encourage your customers to give your restaurant a high aggregate review score. use apps to help customers find nearby restaurants and events.
don't smoke. find a good voice coach. drink plenty of water and avoid cold drinks. don't eat dairy. if you have a cold sore throat, don't use an anesthetic such as an anesthetics or a throat lozenges, as these can cause permanent damage to your vocal cords. avoid drinking coffee, tea, or coffee if you're trying to sing, as it will make your voice hurt. avoid coffee, coffee, and tea if you don't want to use it, or don't drink it at all.
go to the sundance festival website at http://www. Sundance.org/en-us/festival.html. , click on the "register for the festival" link in the upper right hand corner of the page. , enter your email address and password in the fields provided and click on "register now.", select the type of festival package you want to purchase. choose between classic a or classic b passes. select between economy a and economy b passes if you are a student. select the slc/ogden preferred pass if you live in slc or ogden. choose the discovery package if you plan to attend the midweek.
choose a business that allows you to do what you love. decide if you have the time and energy to devote to a particular type of business. consider the type of work that you want to do, and the kind of life you would like to have. consider your experience and your contacts. consider how much money you can afford to invest. choose a service or product that you can offer that is unique. consider whether you want a franchise, or if you are willing to work for a company that is already established and well-established. finished.
take off your shirt. remove any buttons from the cuff. fold the end of the cuff up to your elbow. turn the sleeve inside-out. pull the bottom edge of the sleeve up to cover.
clean the soles. clean the laces. brush off dirt and dust. remove scuffs and polish build-up. condition the leather. choose a wax-based polish. set up your work area. dip a cloth in the polish. apply the polish in a circular motion. buff and polish the leather all over. buff the leather with a clean cloth. condition and clean your docs every few months. remove gum with a toothbrush and a piece of tape. clean and condition your laces as needed. keep your shoes in a cool, dry, and dry place. finished.
give the hamster a gentle puff of air. place your hamster back in its cage. clean the bite. treat the wound. take your hamsters to the vet if necessary.
open your iphone’s settings. scroll down and tap safari. tap warning. slide the phishing warning switch to the “on” position.
choose the vines that produce the largest pumpkins. wait for the flowers to appear. separate the male and female flowers. pull the petal of the female flower. rub the pollen stamen on the pumpkin.
wash and towel dry your hair. apply a smoothing serum or oil. braid your hair into two sections. secure the braids with bobby pins. allow your hair to air-dry. remove the pins in the morning. finish off with a texturizing product. finished.
look for a biodynamic certification mark. find a certified biodynamic producer near you. order biodynamic food directly from a local biodynamic farmer.
remove the protective casing from the end of the charger. cut away the plastic casing. strip away the protective rubber casing. twist the wires together. cover the exposed metal with rubber tubing. replace the rubber casing immediately.
don't lend money to friends. say no to a donation request. tell a child no. don't do a favor for a friend. be blunt. refuse to have sex or go on a date. say "no" to repeated requests. turn down a marriage proposal. don’t give in to peer pressure. be honest about your feelings. be clear about what you want from a relationship. be firm when it comes to finances. be assertive when necessary.
write an introduction. write a topic sentence. write the body of the paragraph. write an ‘initiuation’. write another topic sentence after the introduction and the body paragraphs. provide evidence to back up what you just said in the topic sentence with a quote or a scene from the text. finish the paragraph with a summary of what you have just said. write your thesis statement in the next paragraph. use ‘therefore’ and ‘hence’ to explain what you are talking about and why something happened in the previous paragraph.
follow a schedule. limit distractions during office hours. use nap times. take breaks from your work. schedule in "you" time. be flexible.
heat 2 qt (2 l) of distilled water to 98 degrees fahrenheit (37 degrees celsius). add 4 tbsp (60 ml) of acidophilus to the hot water.administer the enema directly into the rectum for at least 10 minutes before evacuating.if you have a history of colon cancer, you may need to administer an enema to cleanse your colon more effectively.
stretch the muscles. stretch the muscles that make up the back. stretch all muscle groups that are involved in the back, such as the hamstrings, quadriceps, hamstrings and glutes.
blend the cream cheese. add the marshmallow creme. blend in the nutella and peanut butter. refrigerate the dip. spread the dip on a serving plate. serve and enjoy! finished.
wash all of the greens. rinse the greens thoroughly. put the greens in a plastic bag. , put the bag in the fridge. , label the bag and seal it.
write her a letter. write her a love letter. admit that you were wrong. do something nice for her. give her a day or two to cool off. call her. talk to her on the phone. if you can't call her, send her a text message. apologize to her in person. if she doesn't want to talk to you, ask her to hang out with you. , if she still won't let you go, ask to see her again. use her weaknesses to your advantage. tell her how much she means to you. finished.
celebrate small victories. identify your triggers. develop a plan for dealing with negative emotions. don’t weigh yourself. avoid restrictive diets or restrictive food groups.
braid your hair into side braids. curl your hair with flexi rods or perm rods. make a basket weave. wrap your hair in a bun.
download winrar. download the bloodgulch.map file. download sparkedit. download ppf-o-matic. download and install winrar, if you don't already have it. , download the hmt file. , open the map file in winrar and start modding. , click on the "edit" menu and select "open in map editor". , click the "open" button. , add some trial maps. finished.
determine the size of your dryer. follow the manufacturer’s instructions for drying your blanket. reshape the blanket, if necessary. drape the blanket over a clothesline or shower rod. wait until the blanket is completely dry before using.
calculate the annual interest on the bond. calculate the interest payment to investors each period. record the interest payments in the interest expense journal. record a debit and a credit for each period of interest expense and cash in the journal.
identify a self-dealing transaction. identify a conflict of interest. limit the director’s involvement in decision-making. ensure that the director presents a corporate opportunity to the corporation. prevent a violation of the corporate opportunity.
begin training at the right age. use a reward based training system. use simple commands. train at a good time. train for 10 to 15 minutes at a time.
become aware of all the parts of your body. divide each body part into smaller parts. repeat the list of body parts. focus on each part of the body, focusing on its location in the body and how it feels. choose a point of study. meditate on the subject of each body component. be prepared for the more sensitive practitioner to feel uncomfortable or uncomfortable. consider how important each part is to the health of the whole body. move on to the next body part.
let your dog out in the yard or garden. make sure your dog has a collar and leash. , make sure the dog is big enough.
moisturize your skin. relieve pain and discomfort. let your skin heal naturally. use a topical retinoid cream. consider a laser treatment. consider chemical peels or dermabrasion. avoid over-the-counter medications. wear sunscreen. protect your skin from the elements of the sun. wear protective clothing. protect yourself from the sun's rays.
start in mountain pose. lift your legs and lift your ankles. draw your stomach in. move your shoulder blades and neck. interlace your fingers. relax your shoulders and back. arch your hips and arch your torso. hold the pose for as long as you feel comfortable. return to the starting position. repeat crescent moon pose. work with an instructor. avoid mountain pose if you're dizzy. avoid it if you have a recent injury. pay attention to your body. do yoga to ease any pain or discomfort.
place the barrel on a stand. cut a hole in the bottom of the barrel. drill a hole for the spigot. cover the hole with teflon tape and secure it in place.
go to paradise falls. go to the mesmetron. talk to grouse. use v.a.t.s. tap on the head of the person you want to stun. blow up the person's head. kill the person if you so choose. loot their inventory if desired.
understand debt management. find a credit counselor. figure out how much you can pay. make your payments to the credit counselor and the counselor forwards them to your creditors.
draw an oval on a sheet of clay. add a face to the oval. carve in a mouth. roll out two thin coils of skin-toned clay into a cone. flare out the bottom of the cone. cut off the pointed tip of the body cone. make two thin arm cones. attach the arm cones to the top of the angel. roll two small balls of clay into small balls. press the balls against the base of the arms. add the head. bake the angel, but only for half the recommended time. roll some clay into balls. cut the sheet of sheet into a triangle. add ripples to the wings. add dents into the wings, if desired. add some details to the eyes. add two balls to the back of the head to make the face. roll the wings into balls and add a tail. finished.
go to her facebook profile and look at the profile picture. search for her name in the search bar at the top of the page. consider whether her name is common or rare. search through your email contacts. go to facebook.com and search for "jane jane joneson facebook.", use google to find her on facebook instead.
avoid greasy, fatty, and alcoholic foods. eat light, small meals. eat bland snacks. drink plenty of water. eat ginger. suck on a peppermint candy or chew on mint gum.
don't get frustrated. focus on their weak spots. use frags to your advantage. don't be afraid to sneak up on them. kill their spawners!, don't run away if they try to kill you with a tank.
start layering. wear tights. throw on a hoodie. keep your sandals. add warmer colors gradually. mix and match fall and summer fabrics. wear leather. add bolder jewelry. try on a hat. wear a sweater. add a jacket or sweater. wear sweaters and sweaters. try a scarf. wear boots or boots. add in a sweater or jacket. wear gloves. wear scarves and scarves sparingly.
talk to your healthcare provider about asthma medications. ask your doctor about long-term and short-term control medications. take a step down to less intensive therapy.
consider your child’s perspective. set clear rules for the stroller. explain the rules to your child. reinforce the rules before each stroller outing. use entertainment to teach stroller safety at home. give your child some freedom. tell your child about the consequences of breaking the rules or running away from the rules.
check your budget. buy a new outfit. get a spa treatment. go out for a special meal. plan a trip to a exotic location.
take out a bank loan. consider an unsecured medical loan. withdraw money from your 401k. take out a home equity loan if you're a homeowner.
attach the bracket to the wall. attach the anchor to the bracket. mark a line on the wall at the other end of the towel bar. place the first cap over the first bracket. position the second cap. repeat the process with the other towel bar cap.
pick a feature or interest he is proud of. be sincere. choose the right time and place to give the compliment. plan what you want to say before you speak.
clean your coop regularly. add compost to the coop. make sure your chicken coop is properly ventilated. choose the right chicken breed. protect exposed skin. clean skin regularly.
choose a seat belt for your child. ask your airline if you can use a lap belt. check with your airline to see if they allow you to bring a piece of hold luggage. request a baby meal. pack for the flight. pack a diaper bag for each child. wrap your child's toys in plastic wrap. don't pack too many toys that are too small or too big. avoid bringing snacks. bring earplugs. bring a stroller. ask the flight attendant if it is okay to take your stroller with you. ask if your airline provides a complimentary stroller at the airport. if you are flying with a toddler, ask the steward if they will let you bring your own stroller on board. get on the plane as early as you can. bring only what you need. use your own pillow. bring extra blankets and pillows. take extra items under your seat and in the overhead. use a pillow.
decide if you want a traditional wakeskate board or a composite board. choose a board size based on your weight and skill level. consider a foam-topped board if you are a beginner or want more control over the water. look into a board with fins for added stability and speed. choose the right shoes for your style of riding. look for a board that is between 40-45 inches (91.4-91.5 cm) in width and heavier than you.
don’t store shirts and blouses in your closet. fold and store dresses. store sweaters in your wardrobe. hang jeans. use a clip hanger to hang pants and skirts. hang accessories on wall hooks. store shoes in clear containers or shoe racks. store lingerie in a drawer or box.
answer the phone. take reservations and inform guests of the hotel’s amenities. cancel reservations if necessary. assist current guests as they arrive.
rub tea tree oil on the scar. apply vitamin e and vitamin e oil to the area. embrace your scar and embrace it.
run cool water over the tar. seek immediate medical attention. remove any clothing or fabric. allow the tar to cool completely. harden the tar with ice. peel away the tar from your skin. cleanse your skin with soap and water. apply neosporin orween 80 to the affected area. apply mayonnaise or petroleum jelly. apply an oil to the tar and skin. apply petroleum jelly to the skin. use household household products to remove tar. wash your skin after using tar remover. clean your skin regularly.
measure your notebook. cut out a piece of fabric or felt. make a pen holder out of felt or fabric. attach the pen holder to the front cover. decide what you'd like to add to your cover. sew down the sides of the cover. use washi tape. use paper and varnish. add your own design. paint the cover with acrylic paint. paint it black. make it a book cover. turn it into a scrapbook cover. decorate it like a book.
treat stains sooner rather than later. remove wrinkles with a steamer. freshen your clothes with fabric freshen.
drink water according to your daily requirement. recite bismillah before drinking. drink water with your right hand. drink with your left hand. do not drink water while standing or walking. don't drink water in a single gulp. breathe from your mouth, don't exhale into water. say 'alhamdulillah' before and after drinking water.
say "nǐ hǎo" (pronounced "knee-min-hoo") for "hello.", switch to "fǎhǎi" for "how are you doing?", say "fÎhói" to multiple people.
go to topic10.com. search for blogs. find the blogs you want to read. read all the blogs. click on the "read" button. , follow the blogs that interest you. update the page.
explain to your child what they like and what they don't like. ask your child for his or her opinion and follow through with it. let your child know that he or she is an asset to the task at hand. teach them to take responsibility.
go to a download site. search for the program you want to download. download the software. , install the program. , open the program and follow the on-screen instructions to install it. , click on the “convert jpeg gif” button. , select the file that you want the program to convert. , choose the files you want converted. , follow the program's instructions to convert the jpeg file.
be comfortable in your own skin. be polite. find an artistic outlet. don’t worry about what others think. remember that being a loner is natural.
choose an antioxidant. look for products that lighten dark spots and hyperpigmentation. find products that give you a glow. talk to a dermatologist about your skin type.
listen without judgment. encourage the individual to seek professional help. explore therapy options for the hoarding.
determine why you need a replacement certificate. gather necessary information. take two photographs. download the form. complete the application. attach your information. file the form and pay the fee. wait for a response.
turn on the numeric keypad. press fn or numlock. press alt+n. ,press alt+v. , press enter. , type in the password. , click ok. , finished.
choose a wok. cut up your ingredients. heat the oil in the wok or skillet. add the meat and vegetables. stir-fry the ingredients. pour in the sauce and stir. serve the food while it is still hot or cool and store it in the refrigerator.
understand what spin doctoring is. look out for common signs of spin. look for flippant language. watch out for emotional language. be wary of pompous language. don't be afraid to take a break. do your own research on the topic.
select the military units you want to garrison. select the area of your colony where you want the units to keep vigil. click the stand ground icon. click “build defensive buildings” to garrison your military units inside.
try st. john’s wort. take fish oil. increase your intake of vitamin c. vitamin c is an antioxidant that can help with depression. ask your doctor about 5-htp.
decide if an extensive system is right for you. build a fence around your snailery. add a roof, if necessary. fill the enclosure with loose soil. add plants to the soil. set up a small garden outside of the enclosure. fill a small container with water. choose a container to house your snails in. make sure that the container has ventilation. raise the snailery to waist-height. add legs to the bottom of the container. place a layer of potting compost in the bottom. provide food and water. provide water. feed the snails once a day. clean the container every few days. keep the snail house in a cool, dry place. clean out the container once a week. keep an eye on your snail’s health. remove the snail from the house when they become too big.
combine the avocado, garlic, salt, pepper, lime juice, cilantro, mayonnaise, and yogurt. stir in the shredded chicken. refrigerate the salad for several hours. serve the avocado chicken salad on bread or pita pocket.
wash the chafed area with warm, soapy water. take a break from running or walking for a few days if necessary.
familiarize yourself with the smartphone. learn about the smartphone in question. provide basic information about the phone. describe the smartphone's features. give your opinion. be honest. include photos. conclude your review.
open the system settings menu. click on the "general" tab. click the "show system icons" option. select the icons you want to hide. click "ok" to save your changes and exit.
choose the right time of day to paint your boat. choose the right paint. apply a coat of primer. apply the first coat of paint using a paint roller and a paint brush. allow the paint to dry completely before applying a second coat. sand the boat after the first and second coats have dried. apply 2-3 clean layers of paint after each coat.
join a summer camp or sporting activity. go on a hike. go for a bike ride.
understand the benefits of unschooling. learn about the role of the parent. understand the importance of constant learning. know that unschooled children are more likely to get into college. let your child explore their natural interests. go to museums. visit the library. take advantage of online learning resources. go on field trips. make a list of what you want your child to learn. teach them about the world around them. talk to your child about what they want to study. be a good role model.
wash, peel, and core the strawberries. puree the strawberries in a blender with simple syrup and sugar. pour the puree into an ice pop mold. freeze the juice until it is completely frozen. prepare the peaches. cut the peach into 1/2-inch (1.27-centimeter) thick slices. add the sliced peaches to the blender. blend the peach puree with the simple syrup until it's smooth. fill the mold 1/3 of the way to the top with the strawberry puree. cover the mold with plastic wrap or aluminum foil, and freeze the mixture. remove the peach and puree from the freezer. add another layer of puree, this time with the kiwi. add a popsicle stick to the bottom of the mold. insert the handle into the top of the lollie. freeze your lollies for at least 2 hours. consider adding other fruits to your frozen pops. enjoy your lolly pops while they are still frozen.
choose a sock. cut the sock in half lengthwise. cut off the toe end of the sock. make the body piece. cut out the tail piece. stuff the tail. sew the legs together. attach the legs to the body. add the tail to the dog. sew on the legs. add eyes or a nose. add a mouth. add facial features. attach a nose tip. add collar and collar. add any other finishing touches. done. finished.
make sure that you have at least one combat ship and a scout on the gate camp at all times. make sure you have enough warp disruption fields to get through the gate before the camp is attacked. have a scout or frigate escort the camp. if the camp has a mobile warp disruptor, use it to get to the gate as quickly as possible. if you can't get through, try to get a combat ship to jump before the escortee. if there is a large group camping the gate, don't fight back. if all else fails, use the mobile warp disruption field to get out of the gate. always cloak and try to re-approach.
find the serving size of the food you want to calculate the calorie density of. find the number of calories in each serving. divide the calories by the amount of grams in the serving to find the calories per serving’s density.
make sure your girth fits properly. wait for a day of rain. ride in the rain. adjust your stirrups. apply glycerin to the saddle. oil the saddle flaps and skirt. oil hard leather only. oil soft leather only on the skirt and upper flaps. re-oil the billets. ride your horse for the first time in your new saddle. adjust the girth as needed. finished.
determine if you can sue. gather information about the incident that gave rise to your claim. file your administrative claim. consider consulting an attorney. wait for the agency's response. file the lawsuit.
ignore the teasing. walk away from the situation. find an emotional outlet to deal with stress.
listen to the boss's feedback. don't let the feedback affect your self-worth. own the feedback. view the feedback as an opportunity to learn and grow, not as a personal attack. understand that it is not about you, it is about the boss. make a list of the 5 most critical steps in producing perfect work. follow through on your work. if you are late to a meeting with the boss, ask if there is anything you can do to make it up to her. keep your cool. stay calm. stay positive.
get a towel long enough to wrap your hair. squeeze out the water from your hair before you get out of the shower. fold the towel in half lengthwise. gather your hair into a ponytail. twist the towel around your head. leave the towel on your head for 10 to 15 minutes. take the towel off.
cut a banana in half, and cut it in half lengthwise. apply the banana slices to your face, and let it sit for 5 to 10 minutes. apply a generous amount of olive oil, and leave it on for 5 minutes. add a tablespoon of cinnamon, and wait 5 to 15 minutes. mix the ingredients together using a fork. spread the mixture onto your face. leave the mask on for 15 to 20 minutes. rinse the mask off with warm water, and pat it dry with a soft, clean towel. repeat the process with the other half of the banana, if desired. use the mask as needed. finished.
open firefox. go through the settings. open the tab you want to protect. open a new tab. , add a tracker to the protected tab.
purchase the foie gras. store the foies at room temperature or slightly chilled. cut the foi gras into thin slices. serve the slices whole or with an accompaniment. start with the goose. serve with a slice of bread. serve it with a sauce. pair it with fruit and fruit-based sauces. try it with other fruits and vegetables. use it in place of a dessert. make it into a side dish. add it to a risotto. make a foie-based dessert. add a sauce to a mousse. make the dish part of a meal.
go to the yahoo account deletion page. enter your yahoo username and password. click settings. click account information. scroll down and click the privacy tab. click delete my account. type in your email address. click ok.
start studying early. ask your teacher what kind of test you should prepare for. come up with test questions. make and exchange practice tests. look for practice tests online. take care of your body the day of the test.
use vinegar and water. make a baking soda paste. use coffee grounds. apply margarine to the marks. use car wax to remove stubborn marks and stains.
choose how many times per week you want to have chocolate. multiply the number of times you want chocolate by 2. add 5 to the number you said you would like to have. add the two numbers together to get your age by chocolate’s total and write it down on a piece of paper.
use “raise” for “lift”. use “rise” to say “move” upward.
log into your facebook inbox. find the conversation you want to archive. click the cogwheel icon. archive the message. archive a conversation without opening it. delete a message from your inbox permanently.
preheat the oven to 400 degrees fahrenheit (200 degrees celsius). boil water and rice. transfer the rice to a baking dish. cover and bake for 35 minutes. remove the lid and let cool.
get a bachelors degree. make sure you can afford it. research your state’s licensing requirements. take the required courses. complete the required hours of coursework. study for the licensing exam. get in contact with a real estate broker. apply for a position with a broker. complete continuing education requirements. get certified by your state. apply to open your own brokerage. start your own real estate business. consider joining a professional association or organization.
go to the weebly website at http://www.weebly.com. , sign up for an account. choose the type of website you want to create. choose a style for your website. choose your domain name. add elements to your page. click on the "publish" button at the top right corner of the page to publish your new website. , publish your website by clicking on " publish" at the bottom right corner.
go to https://www.skype.com. sign in to skype. click the contacts tab. click on the search bar. type in the name of the person you want to block.click block. click block. , click block again.
use a variety of ingredients to clean your belly button. use a cotton swab to apply the cleaning solution. remove the solution with a swab. do not remove a new piercing every once in a while. de-crust your piercing if it is pierced. use sea salt to treat an infected piercing. avoid overwatering. don't worry too much about it.
determine the size of your bed. determine the width of the bed. measure the width and width of your curtain panel. measure and cut the fabric to your desired length and width. hem the bottom of the curtain panel, if desired. cut a strip of fabric to the desired width and hemline. sew a row of horizontal stitching between the hemline and the top of the panel, to accommodate for the height of the rod and ruffle. , hem the curtain rod. add a ruffle at the top, if you'd like. tie the curtain to the bed post. tie a tie around the bed posts. add bows to the top and bottom of a gathered curtain. , add a bow to the back of a single bed curtain.
soak the beret in warm water. wring out the excess water. put the damp beret on your head. fold the excess fabric down on the right side. wear.
encourage them to watch the news. encourage them to fact check what they hear. suggest that they join a political club. take them to the voting booth. volunteer with them to help.
practice with a lighter bat. practice your swing by the fence. practice driving a ball into the net. practice swinging through the ball with the club of your bat through.
determine what type of picture you want to hang. use a stud to hang your picture. use an electronic stud finder to locate studs. look for other studs in the wall. get a drywall anchor. consider other options. install a bracket or suspension wire if your picture has one.
decide what you are looking for in the text. read the book actively. identify the big idea. use pencil or pen. use post-it notes. use yellow highlighters. use different types of annotations. identify what you need to look for. make a list of what each type of annotation means. write a note at the beginning of each annotation. limit your annotations. use your annotations to help you find your thesis. record your observations in a separate page. use the index method to organize your notes. make sure you are using the correct font. make your annotations easy to find. keep track of what you have annotated. keep your annotations up to date with your assignment.
choose the right food for your cat. mix the old with the new food gradually. gradually increase the amount of new food you give them. watch for signs of difficulty. look for signs that your cat is having trouble.
state the title of the graph or chart in the caption. refer to the graph in the text as “figure x.” this is the name of the figure or chart you’re showing in your text. label the graph. describe the figure in your caption. state that the graph is “reprinted from” or “reprinted with permission”. cite the book or journal in which the graph was published. state the publisher of the book. include the copyright information, if necessary.
don't tell anyone your password. don't brag about your rares. lock your accounts. report the hacker. act like a new jammer. watch out for "hack attacks.", listen to the news. alert all your friends. ask for gifts and donations. send all of your items to another account. talk to the person that did it. if they admit they did it, ask for your items back. finished.
measure your head. decide what type of fedora you want. wear your fedora with a suit. wear a sweater and slacks. pair your fedoras with jeans and a blazer or jacket. make sure the fedora is the right size for your face. choose a color. choose the right hat for the weather. add some flair to your outfit with a fedora. wear the hat to a fancy event. wear it to a wedding or a school dance. take it to the beach. go to a sports event. try it on for size. make it a fashion statement.
earn a bachelor’s degree. get a pre-med degree. shadow an optometrist. apply to an optometry program. take the oat test. get licensed. take continuing education classes. decide if you want to start your own practice. consider a one-year residency program. get certified by a national organization. apply for a fellowship or certifications.
prepare for the match. play a warm-up game. don't waste your energy. play the easy game if you have a strong opponent. play an easy match if you're matched against a weaker opponent. keep a cool mind. fight for every single point. never give up. concentrate. play it safe. be patient. play until your opponent gets tired. if your opponent runs out of energy, don't let him run. slow down the pace of the game. practice.
pour the broth into a saucepan. add the flour and salt to taste. , add the worcestershire sauce to the broth. sift the flour into the gravy.
make eye contact. mirror the other person’s body position. smile. watch for positive body language. ask the person out.
make a vertical cut in your apple wedge. make another vertical cut. flip the apple and make another cut. create another wedge out of the smaller piece of apple. push out the wedges. repeat the process with the other large apple.
recognize the symptoms of a sore throat. see a doctor. get a diagnosis. take antibiotics. get plenty of rest, water, and a healthy diet.
determine the price of the vodka. consider the vodka's flavor profile. choose a flavored vodka. select a stronger or weaker vodka. determine the number of distillations and filterings in the vodka if you have a budget.
get a pair of blue contact lenses. choose a pair that suits your eye color. look for stars who have blue eyes. consider getting blue lenses for darkish tone eyes. look out for semi-transparent tints for light colored eyes. avoid contact lenses that have patterns on the lenses. opt for a tint with a blue tint if you have light-colored eyes. try out different shades of blue to add a touch of colour to your eyes.
make the snake. cut the body of the snake out. add the eyes. add a note to the snake's mouth. make more snakes. wrap the snake around something. attach the snake to the memo clip. , hang the snake memo clip on a bulletin board. , use as needed.
find out the max level enchantments for each expansion. make a list of the materials you’ll need. determine the source of your materials. disenchant gear and weapons. browse the auction house. purchase additional materials if necessary. purchase the materials to make the enchantments you need. search for the lowest price for each enchantment. place your items for sale. set the duration of the auction. sell your items in a group. create a trade group. sell items to other players. make more enchantments.
gather your supplies. paint the labels with nail polish. punch a hole in the label and stick it on the bottle tops. store your nail polish bottles.
keep velcro fastened when not in use. spray the velcro with an antistatic spray. clean the rougher side of the hooked velcro. use a crochet hook to clean the hooked side. remove debris with tweezers. use duct tape. wash with mild soap and water.
go to https://www.youtube.com/ in a web browser. sign in with your google+ account. click the "start stream" button at the top of the page. enter your stream details. select "custom" from the drop-down menu. click "start google+ hangouts". click the green "start" button. share your stream. publish the stream to your channel.
substitute brown rice flour for other gluten-free flour substitutes: use 1 to 2 cups of brown rice flours in place of 1 cup of rice flour in most baked goods. , substitute brown rice for sorghum flour. use buckwheat flour. substitute teff flour. add almond meal. use sticky rice flour to make banana bread. use coconut flour instead of brown Rice flour in banana bread recipes.
check the rear derailleur limits. turn the limit screws clockwise to set the high and low limits. line up the limits with the jockey wheel. shift into the gear you want to adjust. adjust the screws as needed.
talk to an adult you trust. participate in multiple extracurricular activities. make one new friend. don't let a friendship end. limit your time on social media. be kind to your peers. be a good listener. be friendly. be yourself. be open to new experiences. make time for your friends. keep in touch with your old friends. have fun together.
practice problem-solving skills. prioritize your stress-reducing activities. reorient yourself to the present. examine your perspective on life. don’t hold yourself accountable for your own actions. seek professional help if you need it. learn to recognize and avoid your triggers. practice relaxation techniques. practice deep breathing. practice progressive muscle relaxation. use relaxation techniques to cope with stress. learn relaxation techniques for dealing with anxiety and stress. practice mindfulness techniques to deal with stress in your life. learn how to manage stress in the workplace.
wear lots of pink. accessorize. carry a quilted tote bag. get a sidekick cell phone and tablet.
practice talking to others. ask questions of others. be kind to other people. remember that you have a lot to learn.
look at the rectangular box. get your newbie pack. go to your inventory. feed your neopet!, feed your pet. entertain your pet!
determine the type of flat screen tv you want. look at the contrast ratio. consider the tv's ability to show motion. decide how much power you want to spend. think about the half-life of the screen. determine the size of the tv you need. compare prices and availability.
gather your materials. trim the nails down. file the nails. place the nail file into a plastic bag. dip the paint brush into the liquid latex. draw a triangle shape on the plastic bag with the tip of the brush. add the teeth to the top row of teeth. repeat the process for the bottom row. let the teeth dry. apply powder to the latex. paint the white latex with red paint. peel the plastic off the plastic and peel off the teeth.
don’t fight back. spin the gun away from you. twist the gun from the attacker’s hand. move your left hand to the side of the gun. step in between the attacker's feet and turn the gun toward the attacker. take control of the weapon. put your weight on the weapon and keep putting weight on it. use your hip muscles and body weight to take the attacker down to the ground.
cut the felt into strips. roll the strips into a flower shape. glue the strips together to form a spiral. glue on some felt beads to the base of the flower. repeat with the remaining strips. finished.
know your product. be able to tell a story. don't be afraid to talk to people. connect.
use white vinegar and baking soda to remove tarnish. make a solution of vinegar, baking soda, and water. use vinegar and tea tree oil. use baking soda and an old toothbrush. finished.
understand the structure of a traditional mobile. gather your materials. set up your mobile on a flat surface. hang your objects. create branches. attach the straws to the paperclips. stagger your rods and objects. attach your paperclip chains. attach a chain to the top straw. check the balance of your mobile.
join a writing group for cancer patients. start a blog or forum. make your writing public. reflect on your journal during different stages of your life. leave a legacy.
open your iphone’s settings. scroll down and tap general. tap accessibility. , tap voiceover. , slide the voiceover button to the “off” position. disable voiceover if necessary.
find a piece of fabric. get a template. draw the outline of your puppet. draw out the arms. draw a head. cut out the fabric. cut the fabric out. sew the two pieces of fabric together. decorate your hand puppet. sew on the rest of the pieces of your fabric.
take your hamster to the vet. introduce new hamsters carefully. make sure your wheel is the right size. supervise your hamsters at all times.
elevate the patient’s ankle. keep the patient on their feet. take anti-inflammatories. wrap the ankle joint in a crepe bandage. take prednisone or colchicine for 6 months to reduce gout.
ggather your ingredients. combine the ingredients in a large bowl. whip the cream until soft peaks form. chill the cream. add the vanilla extract and powdered sugar. beat the mixture. make your espresso. add your whipped cream to your beverage.
understand what a bail bond is. know what a private bond isn’t. be aware of the drawbacks of private bonds. check if private bonds are legal in your state. gather the necessary information. contact a local bondsman. put up collateral, if necessary. meet with the bondsman at the jail where the person is being held. agree to the terms and conditions of the bond agreement.the bondsman will meet the court’s requirements to release the person from jail.
gather your information. input your variables into the cagr equation. solve for cagR. calculate cag.
measure your body to determine the length and width of your corset. decide how much you want to spend on the corset length.
choose the right lotion for your hands. apply lotion before you go outside. don’t use alcohol-based hand sanitizer. avoid washing your hands with alcohol. wash your hands sparingly. wear rubber gloves when you have to put your hands in water. protect your hands when you’re doing manual labor.
make a neem oil-based insecticide. make a rosemary and lavender essential oil spray. mix the neem, rosemary, lavender and essential oils in a spray bottle. spray the insecticide on the affected area. finished.
eat small, frequent meals throughout the day. avoid lying down after eating. stop smoking. lose weight if you are overweight. wear loose-fitting clothes. keep a food diary.
be sincere. put yourself in your boyfriend’s shoes. let go of your guilt. think about what you want to say. take responsibility for your actions. be specific. make it clear what you will do to make it up to him. show that you care. be prepared for his response. don’t be afraid to ask for forgiveness. be honest about your intentions. be open to compromise. be willing to make amends. be ready to listen. don't try to make excuses for everything. give him time and space. be patient.
start by eliminating the two time bombs in the middle of the board. eliminate the jelly-covered bombs on the same row as the time bombs. build as many striped candies as you can on the row where the two jelly boxes are. check your hand. eliminate any jelly bombs that are on the opposite side of the game. build a lot of striped candy and use them on the next row. win the level.
set your camera to manual mode. set your camera's iso and aperture settings. turn on your light meter. set the light meter to ambient mode. focus on your subject. point the meter at the subject. hold the meter up to the sensor. hit the measure button on the meter while the camera is flashing. adjust the shutter speed and aperture on your camera based on the readings.
prepare the chicken. make the dipping sauce. scoop the chicken into small balls. prepare the bread crumbs. form the balls. fry the chicken balls. dip the balls in the sauce. serve and enjoy! finished.
launch need for speed world. log into your account. enter the nfsw world in free roam mode. drive around the city. look for a racing car. add the driver to your friends list.
use a small amount of water to clean a hairbrush in the shower, then wipe it off with a damp towel. use a few drops of tea tree oil on a wooden hairbrush before you use it.
drink plenty of water. eat yogurt. eat fibrous fruits and vegetables. drink herbal teas. avoid foods that upset your stomach. don’t eat spicy, spicy, or spicy foods. avoid sugar, refined sugar, and refined sugar. avoid low-carb, low-sugar foods.
format the text. identify the author. name the book. write the title of the textbook. specify the date accessed. include the url, if applicable. indicate whether it is electronic.
get the kitten used to being handled gently. trim the kitten's nails. rub the cat's belly often. put the kitten on its back and rub its belly. teach the kitten to use a post. hold the kitten. spend a lot of time with your kitten around other people. ask a friend or family member to play with the kitten if they have a fluffy kitten, too. finished.
cover the tub with towels. fill the bathtub with hot water and dishwashing liquid. soak the oven racks. wipe off the racks and dry them.
place the gel crystals in a microwave-safe bowl. place the bowl in the microwave. cut the stem off of a fresh flower. dip the flower stem into the crystals. pour boiling water over the top of the flower. turn the heat on. remove the flowers from the heat and allow them to cool. clean and spray the flowers. finished.
use a picture of the place you met as a topper. add a heirlooms topper for a family tradition. use your home state or state as a top. use a photo of the proposal.
boil the vegetables in a pot of water and add them to your pasta. roast vegetables in the slow cooker. add the vegetables to a pan and sauté them until they are tender. cook the pasta in a separate pan over medium-high heat. serve the pasta and roasted vegetables with a salad. cut the vegetables into bite-sized pieces and serve them with ricotta cheese. add 1/2 cup (60 ml) of water to a large saucepan. boil vegetables in boiling water. serve vegetables and pasta with pasta.
prepare your work area. sand your goal board. put on your safety gear. prime your board with lacquer primer. apply your first coat of lacquer. apply the second and third coats, if applicable. apply a fourth and fourth coat, if necessary. buff and wax your lacquer board.
stay away from shark-infested areas of the ocean.if you live near a beach that is frequented by sharks, stay away from the areas where sharks are most likely to hang out. avoid areas where seals and other marine animals are present. listen to warnings. don't go out at night. stay out of the water when it's dark and cloudy. avoid kelp forests, especially if you're a surfer. wait until october or november if you want to see a shark.some experts believe that sharks migrate closer to land during the month of october.
determine why payments have been missed. find out how much is owed. file a joint stipulation or motion to modify. contact your local child support agency. prepare your paperwork. apply for special services. ask about other remedies. seek remedies in court. consider jail. find the correct court. draft a motion for contempt. file the motion. serve notice on the non-custodial parent. read the other parent’s response. attend a hearing. prepare for your hearing. attend the hearing. receive the judge's order.
open firefox. open about:config. avoid disabling options. search for javascript.enabled. enable javascript. exit the window. download firefox add.
use a suede cleaning brush. let your shoes dry. remove dust and dirt. lift scuffs. remove stubborn marks and scuffs with a pencil eraser. spray your shoes with suede protector spray.
decide how much you want to spend. factor in the cost of the console. consider your prior console experience. consider whether or not you have a particular interest in a particular game franchise. decide whether you prefer multiplayer or singleplayer games. consider the pros of the xbox one. weigh the pros and cons of the ps4. compare the advantages and disadvantages of both consoles. decide which is more important to you. note the disadvantages of each console. don't worry too much about technical differences.
open imovie. open your imovie project. split the clip you want to add a transition in between. open the transition window. select a transition. adjust the speed of the transition. insert the transition into the timeline. test the new transition out.
warm up before you go to the gym every day. stretch before you get in the car. join a gym that you can do at home. know your skills.
prime your skin before applying makeup. use a concealer. wash off your makeup before you go to sleep.
make the egg mixture. add the cheese and breadcrumbs. add onion and tuna. roll out the tuna mixture. chill the burgers. heat the frying pan or skillet. cook the tuna burgers. add toppings. serve.
eat more fruits and vegetables. eat more whole grains. add spices to your diet to reduce inflammation. consume more protein. increase your intake of omega-3 fatty acids. eat foods high in omega- 3 fatty acids and oils.
let your body rest. drink plenty of fluids. eat nutrient-rich foods. use heat treatments for soreness and aches. ease back into exercise. moisturize your skin.
visit the nearest state office of the department of health, health, and welfare to obtain a birth certificate. fill out an application for a copy of the birth certificate, if necessary. provide the appropriate information to the clerk. pay the clerk for the copy of your birth certificate when requested.
create a car_transactions database. insert records into the database. log into sql server management studio. create an analysis services project. create a data source. define the connection between the source database and the analysis services database. complete the data source wizard. create data source view. build a customer dimension. build another dimension. create another dimension: salesmen, cars and time. add a cube. create the cube structure. add data to the cube. finish the wizard.
use a greeting or a farewell to get their attention. apply the right amount of pressure. make sure your hands are dry before shaking.
try an ice cube. avoid nuts. eat a healthy diet. don't strain when you go to the bathroom. avoid reading the paper in the bathroom when you have a hemorrhoid. exercise regularly. get plenty of sleep. , don't smoke or drink too much alcohol.
choose a legal business form. take a course. develop a business plan. apply for a loan. identify government incentives that apply to you and your business. work with the nyccsbs to hire and train employees.
peel and peel the potatoes. boil the potatoes in a pot of cold water. cook the potatoes until they are done parboiling. drain the potatoes and cool them. shred the potatoes with a food processor. squeeze out the shredded potato. mix in the flour, garlic powder, onion powder, dill and salt and pepper. shape the mixture into tots. heat the oil in a large skillet. fry the tots for 2 minutes. drain and serve. preheat the oven and prepare the baking tray. finished.
use a triangle plot diagram. identify the set up of your story. outline the inciting incident. build up to the rising action. create the climax. build to the falling action. include a falling action in the resolution of the story. make sure your story has a beginning and an ending. avoid cliches.
make sure you have all of the supplies listed in the things you'll need section of this article. cut the ribbon. decide what you would like to write on the streamers. make a bow. wrap the ribbon around the handle of the broom. decide how you want the ribbon to be hung up. add streamers to the bow (optional). add the baby or baby's name, if desired. add any other items you'd like to add to the broom, such as flowers, flowers, etc. hang the broom on the wall, or hang it from a tree branch. , hang the ribbon from the tree branch, or place it on the top of a bulletin board. , place the ribbon on the front of the door or on the door frame.
open microsoft excel. , identify the columns and rows. identify the cells. click a cell in the upper left hand corner of the row. , type sum(b2:b4) in the cell address bar. , click ok. , enter the following code into the cell: cell a1:sum(b1:b2). , click outside of the cell b2. , add the following values to the cells: cell b3: sum( b2: b4). click the cell outside of cell b4. , repeat the previous two steps until you have reached the end of the column. , understand what sum is and is not.
don't talk to them. don't look at them when they insult you. make your conversations less and less. ignore them. act as if you don't care about them. if they try to talk to you, just ignore them and ignore them for a while.
learn as much as you can about the rewards system. find out if your credit card is paired with another company. calculate the value of points.
choose the flowers. cut the flowers up as high as possible. find a suitable bowl or platter. fill the bowl or raised platter with water. add the flowers to the water. place the flowers on the platter and leave them to float away.
be aware of the risk of blood clots as you get older. be aware of how long you sit. keep an eye on your weight. know that hormone therapy can put you at risk. understand the role of hypercoagulation. understand atrial fibrillation and cholesterol plaques. exercise regularly. elevate your legs. avoid sitting for long periods of time. drink plenty of fluids. eat a healthy diet. stop smoking. stop drinking alcohol. avoid certain drugs. stop taking certain medications. get regular check-ups with your doctor. don't smoke. don’t cut your nails. stop alcohol consumption. stop using certain medications that cause blood clot formation. stop or reduce your use of certain anticoagulants. get a blood transfusion.
identify confidential information. identify who needs to sign an nda. avoid revealing confidential information during negotiations. include an introduction. define what information is confidential. list the types of information covered by the agreement. include exclusions. describe the recipient’s obligations. limit the disclosure of confidential information to the receiving party. include a non-disclosure agreement provision for non-competing parties. include boilerplate language. include signature blocks. show the nda to a lawyer. sign the agreement in front of a notary public. keep copies.
know when they are friends or friendly enemies. avoid them. remain civil and peaceable. let them know that you do not want to be friends with them. keep your distance from them. do not involve them in your activities. keep in mind that friendly enemies may try to get back into your life. keep up your strength. choose to be by yourself if you have no other friends.
decide if you need a new trumpet. decide if you want an intermediate or professional trumpet. determine what kind of sound you want. decide how much you want to spend. research. test all the trumpets you're interested in before you buy one. if you're not allowed to test trumpets at your local music store, don't worry. make your final decision.
know what you are asking for. gather information about the charity. get the community involved. recruit volunteers. record the volunteers. follow up with your volunteers. make sure that you have a contact number for people to contact if they have any questions. keep the meetings with your volunteer fun, exciting and informative. keep records of your volunteers after the event. keep a database of the volunteers for the next time you need them. finished.
purchase a bead piercing pin. insert the piercing pin into the bead. push the pin through the bead from one side to the other. pull the pin back into the hole. reshape the bead, if necessary. bake the beads. remove the pin when the beads are cool enough.
find a web proxy. open the web proxy website. enter the url of the site you want to visit. browse.
play the lottery. gamble on high-risk, skill-based games. make youtube videos.
determine if the issue is in the drive itself or if it is a problem with the computer. try to connect the drive to another computer. determine if the problem is mechanical or logical. take your drive to a professional for professional help.
start a budget. don't give up on budgeting. have an emergency fund. know how to spend a tax refund. pay off your debts, or at least pay them off.
teach your dog the “quiet” command. use a distracting activity. create an outdoor space for your dog. limit your dog’s interactions with people and other dogs.
wear a dark evening gown. accessorize with accessories. keep your hair and makeup simple. don't go overboard with your makeup and hair color. wear a black suit or tuxedo. follow the tie preference on the invitation, if you're a man.
use a hearing aid brush. use a water-based disinfectant spray. use ear picks. use tissue or cloths. consider using a multitool. use hearing aid dryers. inspect your hearing aid for wax buildup. wipe the hearing aid daily. use the wax pick to remove wax buildup from the receiver or speaker. disconnect the ear mold from the ear hook. soak the ear molds in warm, soapy water. reassemble the device. clean your device daily. store batteries in a dryer. check your device regularly.
ask your friend’s crush if they don’t like your friend. find out if they’re interested in someone else. ask yourself why you want to know. stay calm. tell your friend the news as soon as possible.
decide what fandom you want to run your blog about. decide what your blog is going to be about. come up with a good name. make your blog look nice. follow other blogs related to your fandom. use lots of tags. do things that relate to the fandom. don't be afraid to post things from your fandom that aren't related to tumblr at all.
learn how to read the other players. learn how to call your pot odds. learn to read your opponents. know how to play no-limit games. learn the best positions to play. read books and articles on poker strategy. play lower limit games. play the hand that you think you have the best hand and raise when you feel it is the best. don't pre-flop raise unless you know you have a good hand. if you are bluffing, don't raise until the flop unless you are confident in your hand.
decide on a topic. choose a goal or subject area. write a thesis statement (optional). gather supporting materials. make a list of subtopics. choose an outline structure. decide on a chronological order. write down the first level of your outline. add the second level of sub-points. add a nested sub-point if necessary. add additional sub-layers as needed. review your outline to see if you need to add more layers. write your conclusion. finished.
wear sunscreen. keep your hot weather walk brief. know the signs and symptoms of a heat-related illness. finished.
use sticky notes to organize your cables. label your food. leave notes and reminders for people you live with. make schedules and schedules with sticky notes.
choose the wooden item that you want to paint. clean the wooden piece thoroughly. sand the wood item to remove any rough spots. decide on the design for your piece. cover the entire wooden item with painter’s tape. apply a thin layer of paint to the back of your paintbrush. apply the first coat of glaze. allow the glaze to dry completely before applying a second or third coat. repeat the process for each piece. finished.
listen to music on spotify. read a book. learn a new skill. try something new.
choose a color scheme that makes you happy. make sure that the room is well lit. use globes to brighten up the room. keep the window dressings light and simple. use mirrors. use light furnishings. hang up pictures of flowers, plants, etc. choose a theme for your room that you like and that you feel comfortable in.
purchase a kitten milk replacement formula. buy a kitten feeding bottle. consider buying a syringe or dropper. sterilize the feeding equipment. follow the instructions on the formula. hold the kitten horizontally. feed the kitten a few drops of milk at a time. do not overfeed the kitten. help the kitten eliminate gas. introduce the kitten to cow or goat milk. let the kitten get plenty of exercise. feed your kitten the right amount of food. give your kitten a bottle of water. keep the kitten hydrated. give the kitten plenty of fresh water. take the kitten for regular checkups.
be oblivious of the rules. create a racket in the classroom. act like a know-it-all.
launch autodesk inventor. open the program. open an existing part file. select the part file you would like to extrude text on. create a 2d sketch. select a face. add text. format the text. finish the sketch. emboss command. extrude.
know what your partner likes and dislikes. do things for your partner that make them happy. think about your partner's happiness. give your partner a massage. be kind to your partner. do something silly with your partner together.
use cheap tableware and settings. make a wishing well. buy decorations from the dollar store. go for a hike with your family.
understand what a parlay is. ask the clerk about parlays. ask for a rundown. study the lines. know the restrictions. decide how many picks you want to take in the parlay. decide what kind of play you want. determine how many money line dogs to take. tell the clerk your play. give the clerk a list of your picks. specify the money line and spread of the game. specify how many points you want on the point spread. make your bets. make sure you know the payout. know when to call it quits. know what to do if you lose. know how to adjust your payout.
determine if the glass is hard water film. treat the glass with a mild acid treatment. give the vinegar more time to work. use a stronger acid treatment instead. run the dishwasher with hot water. prevent hard water from recurring problems.
practice gratitude. have at least one bright spot to look forward to during your work day. focus on the knowledge you gain from the job. value the work you do. give yourself permission to have difficult days. look at your job in a different way. take a break from your job. consider your company's culture. talk to your boss or supervisor about your feelings. talk with your supervisor or supervisor. consider getting a part-time job. look for a new job. make a list of pros and cons of your current job. think about what you want to do with your life. consider what kind of job you want.
choose a raspberry beer recipe. brew the beer as usual. rack the wort into the fermenting vessel. avoid adding the raspberries during primary fermentation. add the fruit to the fermenter. bottle or keg the beer.
accept that there is no right or wrong way to process grief. talk to people. find a personal way to grieve. do something you love. get out of the house.
stand up with your row and walk to the stage. look the presenter in the eye. accept your diploma with your left hand. don’t lose your balance. present the tassel on your cap to the presenter or have it moved for you.
be relaxed. be spontaneous. be agreeable. be a good listener. be positive. be fun to be around. be an introvert. have a good sense of humor. don't be a know-it-all. have good manners. be yourself.
trim your hair regularly. shampoo and condition your hair 2 to 3 times per week. eat a healthy diet. wear your hair down. avoid rubbing your hair against certain fabrics. use the right hair products. protect your hair from heat. invest in a good hairbrush. avoid dying your hair. brush your hair before bed. wear elastic bands at night. use a silk pillowcase. sleep with your hair up. avoid sleeping caps. finished.
choose a forum hosting service. choose your forum software. download and install the php bbb software. create a phpb script. set up a php bbs directory. install and configure your phpbbs forum software application.
be courteous and respectful when pulled over. answer the officer's questions politely. take note of the details of the incident. sign the citation. leave the scene calmly. understand your options when it comes to contesting the ticket. plead not guilty in court. understand the consequences of not contesting a speeding ticket. prepare for trial. attend your court appearance. present your case to the judge. listen to the prosecutor's case. receive the judge's decision. appeal, if necessary.
go to the “unlock more levels!” window. request tickets from friends. view the tickets you received.
list your work history. provide information about your education. list your professional credentials. list awards and accolades.
crochet the following rows: * in the first stitch, double crochet once, in the next stitch double crochet twice. , in the second stitch, slip stitch into the third chain of the turning chain. , double crochet in each stitch. , repeat the previous two rounds. , make a third chain. double crochet the first two stitches of your circle. , stop in the third stitch. make a fourth chain. repeat the second and third rounds. make the fourth and fifth chains. , start the fifth and final round. make another round. , finish the fifth round. repeat this round. finish the sixth and final row. , cut the yarn and weave in the ends. , finished.
recognize that puffiness is only a cosmetic problem. ask your doctor about puffy eyes surgery. consider getting puffy eye surgery.
enable file and printer sharing. open the folder that you want to share. right-click on the folder and select "share". select "permissions" from the sharing submenu. add users to the folder. change the permissions for each user. click the "save changes" button. turn on public folder sharing. find the public folder on your network. change who can access the folder on the same computer only.
go to youtube.com. , search for the song you want to download. , download the song. , find the song on youtube. download a video. search for a video online.
rub baby oil onto the skin. use alcohol-based sunscreen. use toothpaste and mouthwash. use shaving cream to remove the marker.
identify the signs of an infestation. plant your tomato plants in a well-ventilated area. remove any plants that you do not want to grow in your garden. buy a pest-proof potting system. purchase a pest control system. get some live mites. spray the mites with an insecticidal soap. use a garlic and onion spray. spray your plants with a mixture of 1/2 cup (60 ml) of baking soda and 1/4 cup (30 ml) water. put a plastic bag over the tomato plants. finished.
check if your oven has a broiler drawer. place the rack 3-4 inches (7.5 to 10 centimeters) away from the broiler. adjust the shelf height. use the broil setting on an electric oven. preheat the oven. use metal or cast iron pans. place food directly under the flames. leave the oven door slightly open. don’t leave food in the oven for too long. broil steak in a cast-iron skillet. toast bread with butter and garlic. sauté vegetables with olive oil and salt and pepper. bake vegetables in a broiling pan. bake bread and vegetables in the broiling oven. bake meat and fish. bake fish and poultry. bake eggs. bake a fish and seafood dish.
do not test resistance on other components in the circuit. do not test the resistance of a battery or capacitors. avoid testing diodes in the same circuit as the multimeter. keep your hands off resistors.
find the right tone. keep your letter short. stay on topic. think of the main points you want to make. read over some examples of thank-you letters. decide on a style for your letter. write the opening lines. list the things you appreciate about your teacher. thank your teacher for the things they do for you. write a closing line. sign your name. send the letter. send your letter to your teacher in a timely manner.
wear a black dress with over-the-knee boots. try a floral print dress with suede boots. wear brown leather boots with brown leather dresses. wear a shirt with your boots. go conservative with a cardigan and skirt. wear suede with pastel colors. wear your boots with a coat.
open snapchat. swipe up on the camera screen. select a contact to chat with. tap the contact’s name. tap “send a chat”. type your message. wait for your friend to respond.
read the entire menu at a fast food restaurant. look for alternatives to fast food. stop by a grocery store for a quick meal. choose healthy convenience store foods.
find a place where you have access to a tree, preferably in a forest. , start out by looking at the tree from a distance. start looking at it from a different angle. if you are not sure what you are going to be photographing, look at the ground around the tree. take a few shots of the tree, then move on to the next one. know your tree. don't be afraid to make the tree the focal point of your photographs.
preheat the oven to 350 degrees fahrenheit (180 degrees celsius). place the quinoa in a seed grinder. grind the qu rice seeds. spread the flour on the baking sheet. toast the quoin flour. cool the quinar flour. store the quatmeal.
understand that cryptococcosis is a "fungal disease" (a.k.a.c.g.e. it is not contagious. learn about the cryptococcal fungus. understand the history of cryptococcus gattii. understand how the fungus is spread. understand that there are two main types of cryptocococcus. be aware that there is a difference between the two types. learn how the disease is transmitted. know what to do if you are infected. know how to identify the fungus in the environment and in soil.
wash the squash. cut the squash into slices. boil water. place the squash in a wire basket. blanch the squash for three minutes. dunk the Squ in ice water. freeze the squash overnight. transfer the squash to freezer-safe containers.
find an audition. prepare for your audition. do your best. go to the audition. don’t sweat.
apply leave-in-conditioner to damp hair. set curls in the lower half of your hair with sponge rollers. remove the rollers in the morning. brush out curls.
gather two pieces of material. secure your lanyard hook to the center of the strands. tie a knot at the end of each strand. cross the strands in each hand. bring the right middle strand over the left middle strand. repeat the process until you run out of material and make a final stitch. tie off the braid. finished.
purchase chocolate molding chocolate leaves. temper the chocolate. brush the mold with the melted chocolate. place the mold in the freezer. remove the mold from the freezer and remove the chocolates from the mold. place a sheet of wax paper or wax paper on a cookie sheet and place it in your freezer. cut a piece of chocolate into a leaf shape. fill the chocolate leaf with chocolate. fill in the rest of the leaf with more chocolate. cover the entire mold with a second layer of chocolate. repeat the process with the third and fourth layers of chocolate leaves, if desired. place each chocolate leaf on the cookie sheet or sheet. cover with a chocolate backing. allow the chocolate leaves to set. deflate the balloon. scratch the edges of the large chocolate leaf. cut the large leaf in half. serve or use as desired. finished.
harvest your crops. pick up the crops. replant the seeds. plant more seeds and grow your garden as you go.
identify the source of your insecurities. limit negative relationships. communicate your needs. set boundaries with yourself.
grow your hair out. keep your face clean. get in shape. wear revealing clothes. wear makeup. don't talk too much. don’t laugh at silly things. be calm. hit people. make people notice. don't copy her completely. be yourself. keep some things to yourself.
make sure your dog and cat are compatible before getting a cat. consider your dog’s temperament. consider the age of your cat. ask a friend who has a cat for a test run. bring in things that smell like the cat before you bring it into your home, if you are unsure if you want to bring a cat into your house at all. finished.
know that you don't need to be a masterful painter or sculptor to practice every aspect of your art form. commit to making art a part of your daily routine, at least 2 hours a day. focus on areas of your practice where you need to improve, not just your "best" skills. do a "study" before beginning a new piece of art, not after. study the masters, like the masters of portraiture, masters of painting and sculpture, for inspiration.
choose a class: mages are the most common class in the game. if you want to be a mage, you need to be at least in the 3rd job, and preferably the 2nd job. , if you are a cleric, you should be a cleric or priest, or a bishop or priest.
prepare the dry rub. melt the butter. dip the fish in the melted butter. coat the fish with the rub. heat a cast iron skillet over medium heat. add the fish to the pan. cook the fish. serve the catfish.
decide if a schnauzer is the right dog for you. research the breed’s medical history. think about how much time you can devote to the dog. decide if you want an adult or a puppy. find a rescue agency. fill out an adoption application. get references. pay the adoption fee. wait for a decision. purchase the supplies you will need. pick up the dog on the day of the adoption. take the dog to its new home. start training your dog.
look nice around him. use body language. flirt with him. break the touch barrier. compliment him. ask him if he likes anyone. mention that you're looking for a boyfriend. make plans for the next time you see him. make him feel good about himself. ask for his number.
pick a door color based on a color wheel. use your home's color to add color. look at other people's front doors. consider other exterior colors.
identify your limits. recognize your right to personal boundaries. be assertive and direct. restate your boundaries if your boyfriend crosses a line. reflect on your history.
use a laundry hamper. pre-treat stains. learn how to wash your clothes. share the washer with a friend. use mesh bags. use a folding dryer. air dry clothes. use fabric softener sheets. use an ironing board or blanket to iron clothes. make your own ironing station. make a laundry bag.
listen to the music in the movie as if it were actually heard at the scene's location. analyze the music.
open the google translate app. tap the language input field. select the language you want to translate to. tap a language option.
remove any existing plants or grass. clear away any obstructions. evaluate the soil type and ph. amend the soil for growth.
give her physical affection. support her. kiss her. plan dates. let her know you're thinking about her. give her little things to make her feel special. be there for her when she needs you. be a gentleman. be affectionate. don't forget to compliment her. make her laugh. be spontaneous. be romantic. be funny. be yourself. be kind to her. surprise her.
soak the black diamonds in warm water for a few minutes. make an ammonia and water cleaning solution. soak the diamonds in the solution for one hour. scrub the stones with a soft bristle toothbrush. drain the solution from the stones. rinse the diamonds with warm water. dry the black diamond with a towel.
learn about the na'vi language. visit the learn navi wiki. decide whether you want to translate earth words. join a forum. subscribe to a na’vi forum. keep an eye out for news and updates on the learnnavi website. learn some basic phrases to help you learn the language.
talk with your vet about melatonin treatment. give your ferret melatonin. ask about lupron treatment. discuss other medications with your veterinarian. finished.
assess your partner. assess yourself. assess the relationship. consider your goals. consider the relationship's history. sit down and talk. ask your partner what they want. listen to what your partner has to say. don't deny their feelings. be the person you were when you fell in love. revisit the beginning of your relationship. be strong. be available. be single. consider where you are in your life now. think about the past. reflect on what you want from this relationship. decide if you want to end the relationship for the right reasons.
get a copy of your credit report. determine your credit score. pay off any outstanding debts. optimize your debt utilization. open a new credit account or increase your credit limits. apply for a visa or mastercard if you have bad credit, and make all your payments on time. finished.
choose a strawberry plant with a runner that is at least 6 inches (15cm) tall and 4 inches (10cm) in diameter. , cut off the stems of the runners. prepare the soil. fill the flower pot with manure or compost. place the runner in the hole. fill in the rest of the hole with more compost or manure. water the strawberry plants. water well. finished.
achieve the minimum amount of items needed to reach phineas. go to town. , talk to phinea. talk to him. view your badge on your town pass card. get your badge.
turn the monitor off. clean the casing around the screen. use a microfiber cloth. wipe the screen with the cloth. avoid abrasive cleaners. use an anti-glare screen cleaner. apply the cleaning solution to the spot with the dampened cloth. buy a good anti-static cleaning cloth. rub the spot gently with the cleaning cloth to remove the dirt and grime. consider replacing your monitor. purchase a scratch repair kit. apply petroleum jelly to the scratch. use baking soda to remove a small scratch. try an auto-scratch repair. apply a thin layer of petroleum jelly. use petroleum jelly and water to remove small scratches. use rubbing alcohol. finished.
choose a red dye brand. decide on a shade of red. choose a color that is different from your natural hair color. follow the instructions on the box. put on gloves and gather your materials. dye your hair.
be passionate about what you're doing. ask for buy-in. challenge and praise. be honest about the challenges. be a man or woman of your word. make decisions with an objective and objective standpoint. be willing to listen to others' opinions. lead by example. don't be afraid to make mistakes. don’t be a dictator. be prepared for the unexpected. be humble.
determine if you meet the business requirements. make sure you have the necessary office equipment. apply to become a western union agent. receive a starter pack from western union. complete anti-money laundering training. apply for the necessary licensing. enroll in the agent portal. expect to earn regular commissions. enjoy the benefits of being a wu agent through your existing business. take advantage of western union's services.
gather your supplies. separate the clothespins. glue the pieces together. attach the ribbon. assemble the snowflake. paint the ornament. add finishing touches.
try using a lan cable. connect your computer directly to the router. check if the connection has been restored. determine if the problem is outside.
examine your prior tax returns. determine if you claimed the correct amount in deductions. file an amended tax return with the irs.
cut the bent base flashing. cut the front cap flashing. fit the step flashing. attach the chimney saddle to the roof. saw grooves into the mortar joints. insert the cap flashing and plastic anchors. add more cap flashing to the front and back chimney.
fill a large pot with water. , place a metal or glass bowl into the water. place the bowl in the pot. fill the pot with more water. bring the water to a boil. add ice to the water if it begins to boil. let the water boil. remove the bowl from the water as the water boils. pour the distilled water into the bowl. close the pot and place it on the stove to cool. , remove the pot from the stove when the water cools.
stretch your muscles. do push-ups. do sit ups. do pull-up. do endurance runs. do timed swims. do not cheat. eat a balanced diet. drink plenty of water. get plenty of rest. get enough sleep. finished.
open outlook 2010. go to outlook email. open the file menu. click on “info.” this will open a list of all the email accounts associated with your hotmail account. , click on the account name. , enter the account’s name. enter the password. click “finish”. open outlook 2010 again. access your hot mail account.
wash your hair less often. choose a shampoo with the right ingredients. try dry shampoo. use conditioner sparingly. skip the gel and mousse. use a clarifying shampoo once every 2nd to 4th wash. treat dandruff.
contact your local government. start the vaccination schedule as soon as your kitten is old enough. don’t try to space out the shots. get all of your cat’s medical records. plan for travel and boarding ahead of time. make sure your cat is up-to-date on vaccinations. watch for outbreaks in your area.
go traditional. be a princess or ballerina. go for a cute costume. be with a significant other. dress up as your favorite character. spritz your clothing with old clothes. tear up your clothes. rub your clothes in the dirt. add liquid latex to your clothing. spatter blood on your clothing and spatter it all over your clothes!, burn your clothing to make it singe. apply liquid latex. apply pale makeup to your face. add a tongue and mouth swill. wear black contacts. get zombie-like hair.
make her as comfortable as possible. be prepared in case her water breaks. use soothing music or scents. follow the rules of the road. stay calm and in control.
download and install visual studio 2010. open visual studio and create a new project. name your project. change the main function to comply with c++03 standards. set up the standard library. use the standard output stream. create the program's main function. add the output function. test the program. build your program. run the program to see if it works. test out your new program.
understand the importance of antivirus on mac. download a free antivirus solution. use your antivirus program to scan your system.
choose your target audience. choose a domain name. choose your software. customize your dating site. change your site content. add seo tags. start social networking. if you want to become an affiliate for other dating sites, you can become a member of their affiliate program. add new features to your site. remember that if you are a new start-up dating site, it’s a good idea to create a partnership with a dating site banner company. keep promoting your site and don’t stop there.
understand the role of atp and nadph in photosynthesis. learn about carbon fixation. understand that the light independent reactions are the last set of photosynthesis reactions. understand the carbohydrate conversion process.
make sure you have an hdmi port on your mac mini. plug the cable into one of the ports on your tv. , plug the other end of your cable into the other port. , select the appropriate hdtv option.
have a sweet, sweet, innocent, and sweet personality. always have a smile on your face. wear bright colors. have your hair the same color as your skin. make your own hair the color of your choice. if you want, you can make yourself arm warmers. wear converse. dress like leslie. think in your mind that you're a fictional character. act like you don't care about what other people think. , don't be afraid to make fun of yourself. , if you're in school, try to get good grades, but don't get too good at it. , be nice to everyone, even if they don't like you. , try to make friends with everyone, but make sure that you have friends that you can hang out with. , have a good sense of humor. enjoy your alone time. finished.
mix the ingredients together in a bowl. , roll the mixture in wax paper or plastic wrap. cut the mixture into small pieces. wrap the pieces of wax paper in plastic. press the pieces together. finished.
prepare the ingredients: cut the chicken breast into (4) even pieces. squeeze the juice from the lemons into one of the small bowls. cut the orange into (2) even parts. dice the cherry tomatoes. add the spinach, spinach, and onion to the large bowl. add salt to the small bowl full of lemon juice. mix the lemon juice and deluded salt. add orange juice to the larger bowl. mix all of the ingredients together. mix lemon juice, salt, and parmesan powder. put the marinade in plastic freezer baggies. preheat oven to 400 °f (204 °c) and prepare 8x8 pan. add chicken to the pan. bake the chicken for 30 minutes. add noodles to the chicken. serve the chicken and noodles with noodles. finished.
choose a distraction that you enjoy. be active. organize your schedule. write in your journal. meditate. try other forms of distraction. distract yourself from dangerous situations.
determine why your baby is nursing on one breast over the other. have your baby nurse on the smaller breast first. offer the larger breast more often. wait for the breast to equalize in size. use a breast pump to increase milk production. try different techniques to get your baby to nurse on it.
preheat the oven to 350°f (175°c). , get out the crescent roll pastry. cut the pastry into triangles. unfold the triangles. add the cheese and ham to one side of each roll-up. top the ham and cheese with the ham. roll the roll-ups. place them in the oven. take them out of the oven when they turn golden brown. remove the roll up from the oven and place them on a wire rack to cool. finished.
understand the purpose of a synthesis essay. choose a topic for your essay. select your sources. come up with an opinion on your topic. write your thesis statement. find sources that support your thesis. develop a plan for how to present your argument. write the introduction. develop your body paragraphs. write a conclusion. read your essay out loud. make sure your essay follows the ap test format. check your essay for spelling, grammar, and punctuation errors. proofread your paper. revise your essay if you have any spelling errors.
dig holes in the soil. look for worms. use mustard powder to get worms up out of the ground. add worms to your compost pile. if you live in an area with a lot of pesticides and other chemicals, don't put them near the compost pile!, if you have a garden, make sure the soil is free of pesticides, pesticides, and other harmful materials. finished.
bring a large pot of water to a boil on the stovetop. add the lemon juice, seasoning, garlic, and salt to the boiling water. reduce the heat to a simmer. remove the prawns from the heat and drain. serve immediately. serve hot or cold. finished.
give your dog a treat right away. feed your dog during their bath time. take your time with the bath. reward your dog with a treat and lots of love and attention.
go to solitude. download the solitude's jarl's hold dlc. complete all of the quests that the dlc asks you to do. complete the quests. once you have completed all of these quests, you will receive a reward. go back to solitude, and click on the item you want to buy. go to your new home, and enjoy it.
think before you speak. pause and take a breath when you say “like”. practice speaking slowly in the mirror.
build a nursery. build a grow-out building. build 2 pens. construct a second building for the alligators to grow out. build an incubation room for the hatchlings. , build a third building for hatchlings to grow up to 4 feet (1.2 m) in length and 10,300 square feet (956.901 m2) in diameter for their first year of growth. , construct a third and fourth building.
rinse and dry the peppadews. place the pepper in a plastic bag. freeze for up to 8 months. remove the stems and seeds before use.
open your eyes and blink. massage your bottom eyelids. blink slowly. squint your eyes. squeeze your eyes shut and then release. try acupressure. splash your eyes with cold and warm water to dilate blood.
visit a free gif conversion site. upload your video file. set up your gif capture. set your frame rate. click the "convert" or "save" button to convert your video to gif.
dial the exit code for your country. dial the country code for england. skip the leading "0" if you are calling from inside the united kingdom. use the correct area code for a land line. call with the correct mobile code if calling from a cell phone. enter the subscriber's personal phone number. dial an international phone number from other countries. dial a landline number from the ukraine. place a phone call from brazilia. call the british islands. place an international call from canada. finished.
discuss treatment options with your doctor. remove the lesions with cryotherapy and laser therapy. try oral therapy. take oral cimetidine. apply podophyllotoxin cream.
take out the invisalign. use toothpaste and a soft toothbrush. rinse the aligner. brush your teeth. reinsert the aligners.
be nice to the manager. work with other people. be friendly. listen to your co-workers. learn from your coworkers. ask for help when you need it. apologize when you make a mistake. be timely. do what is asked of you. be a team player. help others. work hard. be polite. be on time. be clean. follow the rules. be nice to your coworkers and their families.
preheat your oven to 350°f (177°c) and prepare your lollipop molds. melt the sugar and corn syrup in a small saucepan over medium heat. stir in a candy thermometer and bring the mixture to a boil, then wait until it reaches the hard-crack stage. consider adding some flavoring and/or food coloring, if desired. pour the mixture into the molds using a rubber spatula. press the lollipops into the melted candy. wait for the candy to harden, then remove it from the oven and let it cool for a few minutes. let the candy harden completely before you use it, then serve it or store it.
go to google adsense. create a new ad unit. click on in-feed ads. choose an ad layout. add a description for your ad. choose your ad type. customize your ad's appearance. save your ad and test it. copy the ad code. place your ad code in your feed. monetize your site with ads.
feed your calf a high-quality formula. monitor your calf for signs of vitamin a deficiency. provide vitamin d-rich alfalfa to prevent rickets. increase your calf’s calcium intake to prevent calcium deficiency. make sure your calf is getting enough magnesium to keep its bones strong and strong.
look at the company's financial statements. look at the return on assets and earnings per share ratios. check the balance of current and long-term debt to total assets ratios.
determine if you meet the basic eligibility requirements. understand the characteristics of a foreign service officer. know the responsibilities of the position. learn about the duties of a consulate consular officer. learn the roles of an economic officer. understand what the job entails. know what to expect from a political officer. be aware of the different roles of a diplomatic officer. determine if you have the necessary education and experience. apply for a position with a us embassy.
identify the purpose of your myth. decide if you want to teach a lesson. decide whether you want your myth to be humorous or serious. choose a topic for your story. choose your hero. pick some flaws for the hero. decide on other characters and settings. stick to a simple, straightforward structure. make your myth sound traditional. make the myth seem far away from the real world. give your myth a beginning and an end. write a rough draft. edit your myth for length. share your myth with others.
determine if you have a yeast infection. use over-the-counter treatments. try natural remedies. know when to see a doctor. prevent future infections.
make sure you have a graphics card that supports multiple monitors. connect the second monitor to your computer using a vga, dvi, or hdmi cable. place your two monitors side-by-side. make sure your computer is running. hook up the two monitors. right-click on your computer and select "system preferences". click on the "display" tab. select "display settings" from the list of options. click the "add" button next to the display settings you want to change. select the monitor you want and click "add to computer". click the blue "configure" button to configure the monitors. follow the on-screen instructions to set up your second monitor. congratulations!
bring up the subject with your parents or family. read food labels. consider vitamin and mineral supplements. write out a weekly meal plan. make a meal plan and stick to it. talk to your parents about your diet. eat more plant-based foods. choose foods that are cruelty-free. eat plenty of fruits and vegetables. include plenty of whole grains and legumes. eat dairy products sparingly. drink plenty of water. avoid processed meats and dairy products. limit alcohol consumption.
think about what you want your song to be about. think about the mood of your song. find a melody that matches the mood you are trying to create. find some chords that go well with your melody. put the melody and the chords together. play the melody on the piano. write the lyrics for your song on a piece of paper. write a stanza for each line of the song. sing the song over and over again to make sure it sounds good. , edit the song with a microphone, if you have one. put it all together and you're done!
don't insult religious people. don't call all fetuses "clumps of cells" or "unborn child.", don't forget that transgender people are just as likely to get pregnant as anyone else. know that you don't have to change anyone's mind to be pro-choice.
launch spotify. sign into your spotify account. go to settings. change the music quality.
choose a recording program. create a beat. mix and match sounds to create a unique beat. find a sound that works well together. decide on the structure of your song. add layers.
remove all the perches from the cage. secure your finch in a safe location. remove all other items from your bird's cage. remove the cage liners. wipe down the floor of the cage with a wet paper towel. wash the cage thoroughly. choose a disinfectant. disinfect the cage in hot, soapy water. let the cage soak in the disinfectant for 10 minutes. wipe the cage dry with a paper towel or sponge. store the cage properly.
spray a baby wipe with hairspray. rub the stain with a paper towel or soft cloth. spray hairsprays on the stain. use toothpaste to remove stains.
take a deep breath and remember that this is nothing new. re-read your first draft. cut, cut, and cut some more. share your work with friends. proofread your work.
go to http://www.youtube.com/downloads/ and download the zip file. unzip the file. connect the camera to the d70. go to the folder that you want to download the images from. , find the images. click on the download button. wait for the transfer.
find a charter company. be aware that many people believe that charter companies are brokers. ask questions. verify the charter company’s advertising claims through official documentation. visit the airport. call the company on the phone to get a quote. look at pictures of the aircraft. verify that the pilot has the required number of pilot hours. ask for a quote on the type of flight you would like to fly. ask about the cost of charter, insurance, and billing.
place your gardenia in a well-ventilated area.the best place to place your gardenias is in a room that receives plenty of sunlight. fertilize regularly. increase the humidity in the air around the gardenia. prune the gardenias after blooms have fallen. watch out for mealybugs and white flies. check for spider mites and aphids. look out for root nematode infestation, if applicable.
make sure you have a gameboy advance game. insert the gamepak into slot 2. start up your ds game. select "migrate pokémon from..." from the main menu. migrate your generation iii pokemon. catch your migrated pokémons. enjoy your catch!
practice self-soothing. deal with disappointment in a healthy way. challenge unhelpful and unrealistic thoughts. act bored. call her out when she is mean to you. report cyberbullying. talk to a parent or school counselor. get involved in extracurricular activities. join a club or club. talk with a teacher or counselor. consider joining a sports team. join an after-school activity group. make new friends.
use calendula water as a moisturizer for your skin. use calendulas as a deodorant for your hair. , make a paste of 1/2 cup of cal endula water and 1/4 cup of distilled water. make a solution of 1 tablespoon of apple cider vinegar and 1 cup of water. store in the refrigerator.
read the poem out loud and make sure you understand the meaning of the words. , use the author’s last name in the title of the poem. refer to the poem in your speech.
be aware of your surroundings. be aware of the time of year. slow down. be prepared to stop quickly. keep your seat belt on. watch the sides of the road. drive at night. be extra alert when driving in the dark. don't panic if you see other cars stop suddenly. be very careful if you're driving into town. be careful when driving near a moose or moose. avoid colliding with moose and deer. if you do come into contact with an animal, don't swerve. if all else fails, take evasive action.
prepare the peas for canning. clean and prepare the canning jars and lids. fill the jars with 1 quart (2.8 l) of boiling water and 1/2 cup (60 ml) of salt. place the jars in the pressure canner. cover the canner with a lid and heat the water to boiling. turn off the heat and allow the pressure to return to 0 psi (0 kpa). remove the weights or open the vent and wait for 10 minutes. turn the heat to high and place a pressure gauge on the top of the pressure gauge to determine the altitude at which you will need to can the peas. remove jars from canner and place them on a wire rack in a cool, well-ventilated area to allow them to cool for 1 to 2 hours. , remove the jars from the rack and place the lids on the jars, leaving 1/4 inch (0.6 cm) of space between each lid. turn on the heat source and allow jars to cool to room temperature before removing them from the heat. store the peas in the refrigerator until ready to use. , finished.
open the start menu and select "control panel". select "system preferences". , select the "general" tab. , click the "accessibility" button. , select "aero". , click "adjust for best performance". click "ok" to save.
determine your niche. choose strong, seo-friendly titles for your articles. write high-quality articles that are easy to read and follow. place summaries of your articles on your product pages. submit your articles to a variety of article directories and submission sites. guest post your articles as guest posters on blogs related to your niche or topic.
visit thrift stores in your area. find out which days thrift shops have sales. visit the expensive stores. buy only what you love.
maintain a good posture. understand the anatomy of your spine. understand that your spine is made up of a series of inter-spinal muscles. understand how shoulder joints work. stretch your chest muscles and strengthen your upper back muscles.
examine your child’s halloween treats. separate the candy into two bowls. hold onto the treats your child is allergic to. trade candies in for non-allergen-free treats.
understand charge. understand how electricity is harnessed. understand what nodes are. understand the role of a resistor. know what an ideal resistive circuit looks like.
read up on the restaurant. start with a hook. focus on the food. describe the experience. be descriptive. don't be afraid to get poetic. be as unbiased as possible. give your audience a complete picture of the restaurant, not just your likes and dislikes. avoid giving advice that is too negative or too positive. make sure your review is brief and to-the-point. keep your review brief and sweet. keep it to a minimum. proofread your review. revise your review if necessary.
make a template for the hat. cut out the template. glue the template to a piece of cardstock or cardstock paper. cut the fabric into a cone shape. attach the fabric to the base of the cone. tie the ends of the elastic together to make a braid. add a pompom. braid the elastic braid around the base. check the fit of the hat on your dog. try on the hat and make more if needed. finished.
ask yourself if you're ready to face your fear. don't try to force the fear. recognize that acrophobia is a real condition. seek professional help.
open the start menu. , sign in to your account. right click on the start button. click on apps. find the app that you want to pin. press and hold the space bar. drag and drop the app to pin it.
know the difference between hardcore and metalcore. dress like a hardcore. dye your hair black or blonde. get a belt that is either black, black, white or any bright color. if you want, you can get a tattoo. wear black or black leather gloves. wear socks that match your shoes. wear nike dunks. learn how to play the guitar. act like a man. be confident. don't be afraid to make fun of yourself, but don't act like you're in a rush to get a girlfriend. , have a good sense of humor. have a sense of fun and be funny.
familiarize yourself with the value of the cards. learn how to score melds. place cards down for points when you have a large number of cards in a hand. meld in whatever combinations you see fit. draw red 3's from the draw pile at the start of your turn. go out when you're done.
insert the chuck key into the chuck. turn the key clockwise to loosen the chuck jaws. remove the drill bit. insert the new bit. tighten the chuck's jaws again.
create a pile of pieces of paper. separate the piles into two piles. , write theSabian symbol sign on each pile.
ask your friend to return the item. ask your friend about the item they loaned you. send a message. bring it up in a casual conversation with your friend.
evaluate your financial situation. discuss your relationship with your spouse. talk to your support system and friends.
choose the best time of day to break up. pick a private location. be honest with your partner about why you are breaking up. don’t be mean or hurtful. keep your composure. be positive.
decide whether you want to wear a tampon or a pad. tampons are made for women who have a lighter flow. tampon are made to keep your vagina clean and dry. a pad is made to absorb liquid from your menstrual flow. pads are designed to keep you clean and sanitary. pads can be worn for a long period of time to make you feel more comfortable. a liner is a thin strip of silicone that is worn on the inside of your tampon. you can also buy a menstrual cup that is made from silicone. consider buying a pad!
draw a circle for the head. draw two circles for the eyes and a smaller one for the nose. sketch in two lines for the whiskers. draw the body of the mouse. outline and color in your mouse. finished.
go to the gmail website. click your primary account's name. click ⚙️. click settings. scroll down and click notifications. click the "desktop notifications" heading. click off. click ok. click save.
snuggle the baby. rock the baby to sleep. use a sling or baby carrier. put the baby in a swing. go for a walk. take the baby for a ride in a car.
find a piece of string that you want to make into a necklace or bracelet. bend the string. shape your bracelet or necklace. make a hole in the center. let the beads dry. paint the beads.
ask your doctor if you have a medical reason for menstruation. find a way to deal with menstruation that works for you. find ways to manage your emotions. take care of yourself. try taking over-the-counter pain relievers, like ibuprofen or acetaminophen. work on looking your best. wear a bra, panty panty, or a menstrual cup or menstrual cup.
give your dog regular exercise. provide your dog with a variety of toys. keep your dog away from your furniture.
be interested in her interests. make time for each other. notice the little things she does that make you smile. compliment her. don't be judgmental. be there for her when she's down. make her laugh. surprise her. be affectionate. do something spontaneous. cook for her. give her a massage. tell her she's beautiful if she doesn't like being tickled. buy her a small gift.
think about what you're going to be doing that day. look at your current wardrobe. don't be afraid to wear what you want to, but don't overdo it, either. remember that your body is changing. be comfortable in your own skin. go to a store that suits you. remember, this article is not meant to make you look more mature than you already are, but it is meant to help you feel more confident and make you feel good about who you are.
check your cat’s blood pressure regularly. get your cat tested for urinary infections at least twice a year.
launch google play. search for go sms pro. tap on go sms pro. install go ssm pro. search and install the emoji plugin. install the plugin. set go ss pro as default.
determine how many calories you should be eating. measure your portions. calculate your daily calorie intake. calculate how much you eat for a day. compare your results.
try a side or back kick. try a donkey kick. front kick the door with your heel. know when to give up and move on.
brush the shoes with a suede brush. apply leather cleaner to the shoes. let the shoes dry and brush them again with a brush.
prioritize your debts by interest rates. pay the minimum monthly payments on all of your debts. start with the first debt you want to pay off. pay off this debt with as much of your income.
focus on the things that make you happy. have experiences. follow your passions. be joyful. learn to be grateful for everything.
understand what sleep paralysis is. recognize the symptoms of sleep paralysis. know that sleep paralysis can cause hallucinations. know when to see a doctor if you have symptoms.
decide what type of tourism business you would like to develop. research the tourism businesses in your area. choose a location for your tourism business. create a tourism business plan. obtain the start up and operating capital you need. get the necessary business licensing. market your business. advertise your business effectively.
prepare the salmon. make sure that the salmon you are buying is "sushi grade". buy the salmon at a japanese market. buy sushi rice. cut the salmon into small pieces. slice the salmon fillets into 1⁄2 or 1 centimeter (0.3 or 0.4 in) thick slices. roll the rice into a rectangle. add the wasabi to the rice. place the salmon on top of the rice "log". add a little more wasabi on the side of the fish, if desired. , serve. finished.
determine what you'd give up to do what you love. pursue your passion full-time. show your passion to the world. keep track of your finances. enjoy your free time. don't compare yourself to others. live in the moment. make a list of what you want and what you need. get out of your comfort zone. be grateful for what you have. learn from your mistakes. learn to forgive and forget.
use turmeric to ease indigestion. use turmeric as an anti-inflammatory. heal cuts and wounds with turmeric. improve your heart's circulation. prevent cancer in the colon, prostrate.
look for tops with empire waistlines. try a basic top with a thick belt. look for wrap tops with a belt or sash around the waist. go for a loose waist.
remove excess paint from the carpet. blot at the paint with a clean towel. apply a cleaning solution to the paint stain. blot the stain with a paper towel or rag. let the carpet dry. call a professional carpet cleaner if the stain won’t go away on its own.
use almond milk in place of cow's milk in any recipe. use almond milk as a substitute for regular milk in recipes.
read the ingredients of store bought moisturizers. use an oil instead of a lotion. apply moisturizer after a shower or bath. apply the moisturizer while your skin is still damp. drink plenty of water. wait a few weeks.
buy used copies of games. buy pre-owned games. take advantage of edge cards. buy games on special occasions. ask your family for a gift. do odd jobs around the house. do extra chores around your neighborhood. consider buying games from the past generation. buy the games you know you will enjoy. play the games before you buy them. shop at more than one store. share a game with a friend. wait for the price of the game to drop after it's released. buy more games after the initial release date if you can afford to do so.
download a custom vlc skin. open vlc and start a new player. click the “options” tab. click “preferences”. click on “skin” in the preferences window. find “use native style” under “language” section. locate “choose custom skin” below “using custom skin.” this section is located on the upper part of the window. locate the skin file you’ve downloaded. click "open.", click on the "use custom skin" button. finished.
gather your materials. conduct interviews with people in your life. review your documents. create a structure for your history. begin writing. edit your history after you have finished writing it.
add a little fat to your meals. limit saturated fat. avoid trans fats. choose foods that are low in calories and low in fat. eat leaner cuts of meat and cheese. add flavor to your food without adding fat. learn to cook with fat-free methods to get the most out of your meal.
set a limit on the hot water temperature. turn off the faucet before taking a shower or bath. keep food and liquids away from the edge of tables and counters. microwave food and drinks carefully.
accept that you’re not perfect. accept your mistakes. don’t be afraid of failure. be persistent. adopt a positive mental attitude. learn to accept feedback. expand your horizons. live in the moment. surround yourself with people who value your intelligence.
talk to your doctor. take ginger supplements and tea. try fennel supplements. take mustard seed supplements. drink chamomile tea. take licorice root tablets. try slippery elm. drink aloe vera juice. drink apple cider vinegar. eat more apples. take an herbal tincture. try a bitcercer. try other types of tinctures for heartburn and digestion.
go to your profile page on facebook. click on your name in the left sidebar. select “update profile picture”. edit your thumbnail. save your changes.
preheat the oven to 350ºf/180ºc. , peel and core the apples. mix the apples with the lemon juice. add the remaining ingredients. toss the ingredients together. garnish the salad. serve.
open the music app on your ipod. tap the "music" app to open the music menu. tap "playlists" to view your playlists. tap a playlist to delete it from itunes.
identify the county where you have committed an offense. search the sheriff's office website. search online. use a non-government website. call the court clerk. visit the court’s website. make note of important details about the warrant. consider hiring an attorney. turn yourself in before turning yourself in. prepare for your hearing. appear in court on the date and time scheduled. answer the judge's questions. receive your warrant.
lay out all the things you'll need in your bag. put all your valuables in the front of your bag, and put them in the zipper. put the zipper on the back of the bag. take your bag out of the zipper and put it on the ground. put your electronics in the main part of your suitcase. if you want, you can make a keychain out of your hair. if there is a front pocket, put your ipod, cell phone, and anything else you need in that front pocket. put everything back into the front pocket and put your bag back in the back. you should now be ready to board the plane. enjoy your flight!
ask for help. find a good location. get the right accessories. figure out how many people you can accommodate. put together a budget. talk to your neighbors. make a list of the things you’ll need. make sure you have the right food. get a good sound system. have a plan for cleaning up after the party. have an exit strategy. plan a time for guests to leave. clean up after yourself.
remember that the most important thing you can do is to stay calm and stay focused on what you have to do.
visit a national park. go to las vegas. visit dc. pick a town that specializes in free entertainment. wait until the last minute for last minute deals.
draw the face. draw the top and bottom lids. add large irises to the eyes. draw a u-shaped u-shape for the eyebrows. shade the eyes with black and white highlights. add some sparkles to the whites of the eyes (optional). draw the tears. add shadows to the bottom of the eyelids and cheeks. outline the eyes and cheeks with black ink. finished.
make the shoulders of the scarecrow. make the arms. stuff the shirt. put on the overalls. add the legs. add gloves to the shirt sleeves. attach the pants and boots to your scarecrow using string, hot glue, or hot melt glue.you can also use a pair of old work boots instead.
give a vague reason. give an realistic excuse. avoid excuses that can be seen as negative or lies. keep your excuses short and to the point. avoid coming up with elaborate stories. stick to your story if you slip up.
go to facebook. log into your facebook account. go to your timeline. find the post you want to block. block the candy crush soda saga.
open the snipping tool. choose the type of snip you want to make. change the border. start the snip. use the other tools to annotate the screenshot. save the screenshot as a floppy disk. copy the screenshot to the clipboard. edit the screenshot in paint or word if desired.
prepare your container. prepare the bottom of the jar. prepare a top layer. collect worms. place the worms in the container. observe the worms after a week.
schedule an appointment with your doctor. determine if you have an acl sprain. get an x-ray of your acl. have your doctor do the hip abduction test. get x-rays of both knees. ask your doctor for an mri of your knee and other soft tissue structures.
put on a little make up. wash your face. take care of your hair. care for your skin. take a shower or bath every day. moisturize your body. go to bed at a reasonable time of night. wake up at a good time. smile. be yourself. wear the right clothes. accessorize. don't be afraid to show off your inner beauty. work out. play. take good care of you hair. choose a hairstyle that makes you feel good about yourself. have fun with your hair, but don't overdo it. wear clothes that make you feel confident. be confident in who you are and what you are.
don’t ignore selective mutism. build a close relationship with the person with sm. help the person to manage his or her anxiety.
preheat the oven to 350 degrees fahrenheit (177 degrees celsius). , mix the yeast in a large bowl. add the remaining ingredients to the bowl. cover the bowl with plastic wrap. knead the dough. let the dough rise for an hour. punch the dough down. spread the dough out on a floured surface. spread butter on the dough with a rubber spatula. add brown sugar on top of the butter. layer the toppings. roll the dough into a log. cut the log into slices.allow the rolls to rise for another 30 minutes.place the rolls on a wire cooling rack and allow them to rise again for another half hour.make sure that the rolls are cool enough to handle.make the frosting. refrigerate the dough until it's ready to be used.make a frosting for the cake. frost the cake and allow it to set for 10 minutes. finished.
peel the onions and chop them into small cubes. , cover the pot with a lid. chop the onions into cubes. put the onions in a pressure cooker. turn on the pressure. turn off the pressure when you hear the sound of the whistle. let the onions cool down. remove the onions from the pressure cooker and let them stand for a few minutes. cut the onion cubes into cubes and use them in your recipe.
remove the existing lattice. pry off the old lattice, if necessary. check the area for wildlife. gather your materials. measure and cut the frames. cut the center stiles. assemble the frame pieces. attach the hardware to the corners of the frame. attach two t-plates to the support piece. attach a piece of lattice to each frame. screw the lattice panels to the frame using 1-inch pan head screws. attach hinges to the porch or deck. remove some of the dirt from underneath the frame, if needed. compact the ground around the lattices.
choose a location that receives full sun. decide if you will use the plant as a ground cover or climb it. install a support structure. plant the honeysuckle. maintain the health and prosperity of the plant.
fold the paper in half lengthwise. make a cutout. flip the paper over and cut a strip of paper the same width as the initial strip. make another incision on the left side of the page. flip over and make another cut. repeat the previous two steps. look at your finished product.
have a good battle rifle (br). work on your teamwork. know when to spread out. know how to snipe. know the maps. know your routes. learn how to use grenades. don't be afraid of the sniper. learn the rocket launcher. think before you play.
go to https://www.reverbnation.com. click on “sign in” at the top of the page. , click on the “artist” tab. , enter your reverbnation artist’s email address and password and click on sign in. , select “facebook” from the pop-up menu. click “open facebook”. allow permissions. select a page to link to reverbnNation. select the page type. configure other reverbnation facebook apps. click the green “save” button.
choose the type of tzitzit (cloth) that you would like to use to make the atarah. cut the cloth to the desired length. prepare the cloth. decorate the cloth, if desired. purchase a long tzizit string, or "shamash" (a long piece of white thread). arrange the tzzitzits in rows. insert the 4 long t zitzit strings into the prepared holes. place the 3 short tzits on one side of the hole. tie the ends of the strings together. tie a double knot on the end. wrap the long string around the other three strings 7 times.
learn about the nature of religion. read about the sacred books of each religion. decide which religion best fits your personal beliefs and beliefs on specific issues.
make a guest list for the ceremony. write a speech about the recipient's accomplishment. include a photo of the award in the speech. give the award to the recipient in person.
choose a cat-like animal such as a rabbit, seal, rabbit, or rabbit. wear a collar. choose a body colour. pick a pattern. choose the type of cat you are.
mod your xbox 360. download a torrent file of the game that you want to play. download abgx360. start abgX360. patch the iso file that you downloaded. insert a blank disc into the xbox console and test the game. download and install a burning program. open the .iso file in imgburn. click the "layer break" tab and set the layer break setting to 1913760. , click the .burn button and select "burn to disc". , lower the "write speed" and "speed" settings. insert the disc and play your game. do not connect to xbox live.
look for small, sweet gestures of affection. see if he stands up for you. pay attention to his friends' reactions to you.
heat the oil. rinse and drain the okra. slice the oka. combine the dry breading ingredients. beat the eggs. coat the sliced okra in the egg mixture. toss in the breading. fry until golden brown. drain on paper towels. serve while still hot.
ddetermine why you want to use a compromise agreement. determine if you need to use this agreement. consider the purpose of your negotiations. determine whether your negotiations were carried out on a without prejudice basis. determine the types of provisions you will include in the agreement. identify the parties to the agreement and the date. include a termination clause. identify your employee's complaints against you. state the amount of compensation to be paid. include an admission of liability. state how the employee will be paid taxes. include provisions regarding the employee's right to sue in court.
determine if you're being used. understand that you deserve respect. say "no.", speak up for yourself when necessary.
plan your route. buy a ticket. go to the san francisco ferry building. take public transportation to the ferry. board the ferry at the vallejo ferry dock. take the ferry to the tiburon bay. , get off the ferry and walk to the vine. , choose where you would like to get off at on the vine transit system.
convert powerpoint to flash manually if you have some programming experience, you can do the conversion manually. use a commercial converter if you don't have programming experience. upload the flash file to google profile page of the person you want to upload flash to. add the following code to the profile page: <object type="application/x-shockwave-flash"data=" url of the uploaded flash file "/><object>
see your doctor. see an oncologist. keep a record of your medical expenses. keep track of your lost wages. ask for references. search online for mesothelioma-asbestos attorneys. look for stories or articles online about the attorney. contact the attorney’s clients. meet with the attorney in person. ask the attorney lots of questions. ask about fees. find out how the attorney will handle contingency cases. ask how you will be reimbursed. get a copy of the complaint form. file the complaint. serve notice of the lawsuit on the defendant.
don't dress like him. do not believe anyone who claims to be one of the members of the black veil brides. get the tattoos. get piercings. get a tattoo that has the date of his birth on it, which is september 1st. have a tattoo with the words "i love you" on the back of it. , have a vegetarian diet. wear a black and white band t-shirt. , if you want to, you can get black hair, but if you don't, just dye it black. , change your hairstyle. have fun with your new look! , keep an eye out for changes.
soak the fabric in the dye. pour the dye into a bucket or jar. add the fabric to the bucket. pour in the hot water. remove the fabric from the solution. rinse the fabric. put the fabric back in the bucket of water. rinse again in cold water. wash in the washing machine. hang to dry. finished.
exercise your cat daily. groom your cat. trim your cat's claws. brush her teeth. make sure her litter box is clean. provide the right litter.
research noise ordinances in your area. talk to your neighbors. call the authorities. consider filing a lawsuit against your neighbor, if necessary.
understand the irs qualifications for receiving tax-deductible donations. determine if you qualify for the standard deduction. determine whether your deductions exceed the minimum level. estimate your deductions. request a receipt for cash donations over $250. keep a record of regular contributions of more than $250 to the church. do not deduct cash donations if you receive something in exchange for the donation. determine the fair market value of donations of property. use a valuation site. select a value for each item you are donating. use tax software to estimate the value of your donations. visit a local consignment shop. visit thrift shops and thrift stores. check with a tax attorney. consider hiring a tax professional. check your tax return on time.
expose your child to nursery rhymes. be patient. use a cheerful tone of voice. ask questions about the nursery rhyme. give little prizes to your child for memorizing nursery rhyymes. engage yourself in the activity of ‘drawing rhymes’ with your child. engage your child in ‘building a puzzle’ or ‘doing a puzzle diagram’ activity with them as well.
choose the right time and place. send a text rejection. think about how to deliver the news. be gentle. avoid being brutally honest. make it clear you only want to be friends. reduce contact for a period of time. remind him you're not interested. cut off contact if necessary. address the situation as soon as possible. avoid the guy's friends and social media. keep it casual. be patient. be prepared for his reaction. be open about your feelings.
be authentic. be confident. don’t act like you are superior. be still. be aware of your body language. be humble.
find a grassy hill. buy a length of heavy plastic sheeting. lay out your plastic on the hill.
use coconut oil to soothe your dog's skin. don't give your dog too much coconut oil. avoid feeding your dog.
go to https://www.kongregate.com. click the "report" button. click on the user you want to report. hover your mouse over the user's name. click "report". click on "report this user". click "continue". , click "add a reason". type in the reason you wish to report the user. , click on report. , type in a reason why you want the user to be reported. click continue.
open the google photos app on your mobile device. tap the ☰ icon in the upper-right corner of the screen. tap “settings” > “back up & sync.” this option is at the top of the menu. , tap the ⁝ menu and select “delete photos and videos” from the left side menu. select the photos you want to delete. tap "delete" to delete the selected photos. , open the trash folder on your android device.
have sex with a partner. stimulate your nipples. try acupressure. try reflexology. ingest castor oil or enema.
do leg lifts. do leg raises. try leg lifts in the pool. do the superman exercise. try standing on one leg. do bicycle crunches. do planks. do side-to-side lunges. do squats in the water. do wall jumps. do jumping jacks. do water lunges underwater.
familiarize yourself with the parts of the extension ladder. learn how extension ladders have been used and abused. be aware of the instability issues associated with the ladder. know how much weight your ladder can handle. inspect the ladder for damage. lock the ladder in place. place the ladder on the base. extend the ladder to the desired height. hold on to the ladder with one hand. climb to the top of the ladder using the rope and pulley. use the rung lock or other safety features to secure the rungs. secure the fly to the base section.
understand what post-traumatic stress disorder is. know what triggers ptsd. recognize the symptoms of ptsd after a traumatic experience. know that ptsd can develop after a few weeks. know the risk factors.
collect all of your notes and photographs. familiarize yourself with your field guide. look at the bird. use a bird search engine. download a field guide app. learn about the groups of birds that are most common in your region. obtain a good field guide to assist you. take notes in the field. take photographs. purchase a good camera. obtain checklists of the birds you see in the park. research the birds of the region you live in. find the birds in your area. disguise the bird in your field. identify the field marks. use the bird’s field mark to identify it. identify other types of birds in the same region or region.
decide what you would give up to play world of warcraft. determine what you should give up. set a stop time. commit to your time. step away from the game if you need to. continue to play regularly.
fill a tall glass with ice cream and ice cream. add the root beer to the glass. stir the ice cream with a spoon or spatula until it is melted. , pour the ice ice cream into the glass and let it sit for a few seconds. watch for bubbles to form on the ice-cream. add more root beer if necessary. serve and enjoy. finished.
understand the process. watch the play. think about what you want to say. listen carefully to what the director, dramaturge, and actors have to say before you speak. focus on the point at hand. don't be negative. if you think that the playwright has made a mistake in the play, ask them about it. if they have a problem with a line, ask what you can do to fix it. be aware that your opinion may not be the same as the director's or the actor's. be respectful.
go to gmail.com. click on the "signature" tab. , click on "create a new signature". , type your gmail signature in the text field. , customize your signature. add an image to the signature. click "save" to save your changes.
list the fractions you want to compare. find a common denominator for all three fractions. multiply the numerator of each fraction by its new denominator. find the missing factor between the original denominator and the new numerator. multiply each original numerator by the new factor. fill in the new denominators. compare the numerators of your fractions. reduce your answer if necessary. add the two new fractions together to get your final answer. order your fractions as normal.
organize your work space. make a to-do list. list the tasks you need to do. set goals for yourself. play music. remove all distractions. tackle each task one at a time. take regular breaks. stay hydrated. take care of yourself. refocus if you lose your focus. take a break if needed. reward yourself when you complete a task. take breaks when you need them. don't be afraid to ask for help if you need it. get help from a friend or family member.
fill out the appropriate forms. have the other parent served. file proof of service. attempt to resolve your case in mediation. consider consulting an attorney. understand the factors the judge will evaluate. create a parenting schedule. keep a log of your child's life. gather witnesses. dress appropriately for the hearing. arrive on time. present your case. answer the judge's questions. listen to the other side's arguments. receive the court's decision. consider appealing.
determine the average age of your class. teach basic swimming skills before the age of six. begin with an assisted wall float. move on to a stomach float. try a wall push-off. have the student push off the wall to float. create a safe and fun learning environment.
turn on your sewing machine. raise the needle. remove the spool pins. remove a spool of thread. cut a foot of extra thread. thread the upper portion of the machine. pass the end of the thread through the eye of the needle and through the tension disk. pull the thread from the back spool through the top of the upper thread tension disk and down through the needles. open the bobbin case. select a thread color. insert a needle into the presser foot and turn the machine on. pull out the thread two inches (five cm) from the end. insert the thread into the tension spring and pull it through. pull up on the latch on the shuttle race cover. insert your bobbin back into the case. close the shuttlerace cover. turn your machine off and remove the thread tension spring. remove two inches of excess thread. finish up.
preheat the oven. wash and chop the kale. toss the kale with seasonings. roast the kale for 15 to 20 minutes. serve the roasted kale immediately.
do some research on the internet to see if there is a local craigslist or flea market in your area that is selling old computers and electronics.
decide whether you want to have a child. talk to your partner about your plans. think about your career. consider your social life. reflect on your relationship with your partner. consider what you would like to do before you start a family. do some research. consider where you will live. decide how far apart your children will be. consider the cost of raising more than one child at a time. consider how much money you can afford. research what you will need to buy. decide if you will be a stay-at-home mom or a stay at-home mother. decide whether you will stay at home or go back to work. decide what you want your child’s education to be. plan for your finances. plan how you will pay for child care. make a long-term plan for finances.
ask yourself if your partner is overly critical of you. think about how you feel when you need emotional support. ask yourself if you can trust your partner. consider whether you feel controlled. ask if you feel threatened by your own interests. consider how your partner reacts to your successes. look for signs of manipulation. determine if you have separate identities. consider your sense of self-worth. consider if you're willing to end the relationship. ask your friends and family for advice. talk to a therapist or counselor.
ggather your materials. prepare the pears. arrange the pear pieces in the container. place the container on a flat, clean surface. tie bows on the pear stalks. arrange your pear arrangement. place on the table or sideboard. finished.
launch google play. search for “bsplayer.” in the results, tap the first one on the list of results. , download and install the app. launch bsplayer. switch to library view. select a folder. play a file. add a playlist (optional).
gather your materials. choose your paper. cut out your cardboard. cut your paper to size. glue the paper to the cardboard. fold in the corners. cut the paper for the inside covers. punch a hole into the table. place the covers on top of the book. thread ribbon through the hole. attach the ribbon to the top and bottom of the front cover. attach a ribbon bow to the back cover. add the binding. make the binding for the cover. insert the binding into the spine. insert a hole-punch into the top of your book. enjoy your finished product!
invest in your own state’s sponsored 529 plan. compare plans from other states. invest in a private college 529 plan if you live in another state. consider a prepaid tuition plan. understand the benefits of prepaid tuition plans. be aware of the fees associated with prepaid plans. know the risks of a college savings plan. ask about fees for a 529 plan that is not sponsored by the state. buy into a plan directly from the broker or broker.
think about your natural talents. reflect on your values. follow your passion. find your niche. look for role models. be humble. believe in your ability. be a mentor. make sacrifices for others. give back. help others. be an inspiration to others. make a difference.
create an outline of your injury. gather information. review your insurance documents. understand your coverage. understand how compensation is calculated. understand the formula used to calculate compensation. contact the insurance company. file your claim. have the adjustor review your paperwork. wait for a response. consider any settlement offers. consider consulting an attorney. attend your hearing. receive the insurance adjustor's decision. consider filing an appeal, if necessary.
determine what services you can provide. determine the average salaries for staff members and staff. find a practice space for your club. determine what equipment your club will need for the upcoming season(s).
be confident. make a list of qualities you want in a boyfriend. be outgoing. ask your friends for help. say "yes" to every invitation. use social media. use your body language. practice flirting. make the first move. find common ground. ask him to hang out with you. keep the conversation going. ask for a date. accept the first date.
sign up for an amazon music account. open your music library on your computer. click the "music uploader" button. allow amazon plugin access. select the music files you want to import. wait for the songs to upload. open the cloud app on your kindle fire tablet.
soak up as much urine as possible. pour water on the wet area. blot the area with paper towels. use a mixture of water, vinegar, and baking soda. vacuum the area. dry the area using a vacuum or hair dryer.
decide when you want to travel. go to a travel website that allows you to book tickets online. enter your travel date and a destination and a specific date of travel in the search box. choose an airline from the list of available options. enter the details of your reservation in the appropriate fields and click on the "book now" button. print out the confirmation e-mail and send it to yourself within 24 hours of making the reservation. finished.
decide why you want to change your name. get a certified copy of your birth certificate. fill out the change of name form. file the form with your spouse. pay the processing fee and submit your application. wait for the court's decision. understand why a court may deny your petition for a name change, if necessary.
cut a piece of leather about the size of a ping-pong ball. cut a hole in the middle of the leather, just below the red seam. , cut a small hole through the top of the ball. , using a pair of scissors, cut along the outside seam of the seam, leaving yourself with one long, misshapen seam. remove the stringy stuff from the back side of the stitching. , trim the leather along the shape of the inside seam. trim the excess stringy material off of the outside seams. cut the leather in half lengthwise, leaving a 1/2 inch (1.27 cm) margin between the two pieces of leather. cut across the leather again, leaving you with two bracelets. thread the ends of the cording through the needle holes in the leather. tie a square knot on the back of the bracelet to keep the thread from coming undone when you take it off. wear your new bracelets!
read the passage several times. identify important words in the text. create an outline for your literary commentary. identify the basic details of the text in the introduction section. discuss the main themes in the body paragraphs. determine the genre and form of the passage. determine who is speaking. note the tone of thetext. discuss any literary devices used in the passages. summarize the main features of the passages in the conclusion section. conclude the literary commentary with a conclusion. read the passage out loud. write a rough draft. proofread the text for grammar and grammar errors. finished.
be polite. find ways to avoid contact. limit contact when possible. create distance from other people. express your wishes in a polite manner if necessary.
add a small amount of liquid dish soap to the stained area. dab the soap on the stain. repeat the process until the stain is gone. soak the felt in a solution of vinegar and water. rinse the felt with cool water. use a wet rag to press down on the area. place a towel over the felt to absorb the excess water. allow the felt item to air-dry in a cool place. finished.
gather your supplies. cut your cover material. glue your cover. lay out your board. measure and cut your graph paper. add the spine.
open the google maps app. tap ☰. tap ⋮. tap settings. scroll down and tap maps. slide the "north-facing" switch to the on position.
open firefox or google chrome. download an extension. install your extension. configure your extension to block facebook. open the settings menu in chrome. click the "settings" link in the upper-right corner of the settings page. click on the "blocking" tab. finished.
prepare the kadai. heat the ghee in a pan. add the dry ingredients. pour in the wet ingredients. add flour. reduce the flame to low and continue stirring. pour the batter on the plate. pat on the floor. allow it to sit for 10 minutes. serve and enjoy!
use closed off body language. pretend to be preoccupied before leaving a conversation. ignore or avoid others when you are in a crowd.
decide what kind of website you want to make. create your graphics. make your frames pages. add your menu bar and/or buttons. add a link to your links pages. link your links. test out your website. don't be afraid to experiment!
add objects to your betta's tank. add a floating toy or a fishing bobber to the tank. feed the betta a live worm once in a while.
read your oven's manual. preheat your oven. place food on the middle rack. add a little steam to your oven to help foods rise. use the right bakeware for the type of food you're cooking.
play hide and seek. have your chihuahua fetch his toys. play tug-o-war. play fetch. teach fetch with him.
know that you're not alone!, cry about it!, write a fanfiction!, start a fanpage!, if you can't find anyone to share your feelings with, don't worry!, find ways to get in touch with them!, have fun with it!
use a hygrometer to track the humidity levels in your house. vent the humidity outside through exhaust fans. keep indoor plants outside. line dry your clothes outside. close doors when you shower or bathe. use lids when you cook. turn off humidifiers and dehumidifiers. keep the temperature inside your house warm. apply weather stripping to doors and windows. caulk cracks and cracks in your walls and doors. install double-pane heat exchane windows. install a humidifier in your home. install air conditioning vents in your windows. use a ceiling fan. install window coverings. cover your windows and doors with plastic sheeting. use window treatments. install an air conditioner in your bathroom and kitchen.
stare at people. talk to an imaginary friend. pretend you’re an alien. move around constantly. tap people on the shoulder. tell your fellow passengers a joke.
defrost the spinach. drain the wet spinach. combine all of the ingredients in a large bowl. bake the meatballs. make a mushroom and onion sauce. make the sauce. combine the sauce and meatballs and serve. roast spaghetti squash in the microwave. roast broccoli. serve the spaghetti squash with a side of rice or noodles.
determine if you have a lateral lisp or a palatal lisp. practice the t and d sounds. hold your tongue in the butterfly position. blow air through your mouth. practice until you get a clear s sound. consider moving the tip of your tongue behind your lower front teeth. practice for several minutes a day. use the butterfly shape to practice more difficult uses of s. ask a speech language pathologist for advice if you can't make the s sound on your own. consult a speech pathologist.
download the rust installer. run the installer. customize the installation. wait for the installation to finish. test your installation. test it out.
make sure you have everything you need. gather your supplies. put all of your supplies in your bag. put the bag in your backpack or pencil case. , put everything in your pencil case or bag. , close the bag and put it in the back of your backpack. , go to the bathroom. , keep your supplies with you.
understand cholesterol. know the difference between bad and good cholesterol. talk to your doctor. know your ideal number. stop smoking.
find a compass and a magnet. determine which end of the compass needle points north. hold the compass in your hand. place the compass on a flat, flat surface. place your magnet on top of your compass. position your magnet perpendicular to the compass. rotate the magnet so that the north end is pointing to your magnet. rotate your magnet to the north.
press the windows key to force close the active window. open the command prompt. type taskkill /im filename in the command.
write your citations flush to the left margin. list your citations alphabetically. leave the names in upper-case. italicize the title.
adopt a rottweiler from a shelter or rescue center. be prepared to pay a fee. educate yourself about the breed. don’t rush to adopt the first dog you see. meet with adoption staff to make sure you and your home meet the criteria for adoption. answer the adoption staff’s questions.
determine your skin type. wash your face twice a day. cleanse your face. use toner. moisturize your skin. exfoliate your skin once a week. use a moisturizer. apply make-up. keep your skin moisturized. use sunscreen. use sun protection. finished.
preheat your oven to high. grease your cast iron skillet with butter, oil, or cooking spray. place your london broil in the skillet and cook it for 5-10 minutes on each side. cover your skillet with tin foil and let it sit for 5 minutes.
gather your supplies. cut a triangle out of the paper. curl the triangle into a cone shape. glue the cone together. trim around the base of the hat. punch two holes in the hat and tie some elastic thread together.
take your dog to your veterinarian. give your dog antibiotics. ask your veterinarian about pain medications. apply warm compresses to the infected teat. drain the teat regularly. give nutritional supplements and wean the puppies, if necessary.
get plenty of sleep. exercise regularly. do stretches to help you grow taller. don't be too hard on yourself for being tall.
ask the network owner for the network name. open the network connections page. find the wireless connection you want to connect to. identify the hidden network. click the “connect” button. enter the name of the network. enter your network password. test your connection.
enter a race. hire a private guide. fly to your starting point. spend several weeks on the ice. reach the north pole. enjoy the sights of civilization.
clean your piercing twice a day. avoid touching the piercing. look for signs of infection. change your bedding and clothing once per week while your piercing heals.
make the coffee. pour 2-3 oz. pour the coffee into the mug. , add 1-2 tbs. add the whipped cream to the cup. add 1/2 cup of irish cream whipped cream on top of each cup of coffee. , swirl the swirls. add 4-5 clovers to each cup. garnish the drink with whipped cream and garnish with the irish clovers. , serve the drink and enjoy! , enjoy your drink with your friends and family! , add a clover to your next party or holiday party!
go to a money transfer office. send money online. transfer funds through your bank account. pay with a debit or credit card. use a prepaid debit card. transfer via mobile phone.
prepare the gelatin. dissolve the gelatin in the water. add the sugar, cornstarch, and food coloring. prepare the sugar mixture. knead the fondant on a clean work surface. add vegetable shortening to the kneaded fondant. wrap the wrapped fondant in plastic wrap and store it in the refrigerator for up to six days. finished.
open your iphone's app store. tap search. type "gmail" into the search field. tap gmail. tap get. tap install. tap open. scroll down and tap allow notifications. tap the gear icon. select your old gmail account. tap next.
go to the grand exchange. go to the top floor. go down to floor 50. go up to floor 67. go back up to the dais of ascendancy. fight the zombies.
find a site that will convert yourwav file to mp3. select the format you want to convert to. enter an email address. click the "download" button to download the converted file.
talk to your child's teacher/teacher about why he/she has been suspended. find out more about the reason for the suspension. make sure your child knows what is happening to him/her. prepare a "suspension kit" for your child. keep your child from having fun during his/her suspension. don't allow your child to do the things they like to do while suspended. punish your child as much as you can during the suspension days. once your child has completed his or her work and/or work from the suspension kit/schoolwork, talk to him or her about the consequences of the punishment. wait until the next day before discussing the issue with your child again.
determine where the tv will go. determine the size of the tv. match the tv to the lighting in the room. choose a tv with the right size and shape for your living room. make sure your tv will fit into your living space. choose the right resolution for your needs. make a list of all the necessary inputs.
clean the exterior walls. apply an underlayment to the walls. lay out the aluminum siding. install posts at each corner. install a starter strip. install the trim at the bottom of each of the walls, starting with the window sills and working your way to the top. , install the top sheet of siding at the top of the windows. , attach the first sheet of trim under the eave. , measure and cut the trim for each section of trim. , nail each piece of trim to the wall. install an eave sealant around the perimeter of each window. attach the top and bottom of the siding to the footer of each wall. slide the first panel into place at the corner. continue installing the rest of the panels in the same manner. add gutter-seal adhesive to the seams at the corners of each panel. finish the installation of the last panel of side. , finished.
understand the object of the game. find the head spot. set up the rack. learn the terminology. learn how to break a pool game. learn to take a break shot. understand the penalties for a foul. understand how to play a spotted 8-ball game. know how to win the game by pocketing the 8-balls. play until a winner is decided or the game ends.
rule out any medical issues. get a mental health evaluation. seek therapeutic treatment. take medication for mood swings.
go to http://www.cutepdfwriter.com. click the download button. download the necessary software. install the software. open the program. select the pages that you want to extract. print the pdf file.
store sweaters in drawers. use thick, padded hangers. hand wash your sweaters. press the sweater before drying to prevent stretching.
wash and dry your hair. wrap a headband around your head. wrap the hair around the headband. twist the hair at the back. secure the hair with a bobby pin. sleep with the curls in overnight. finished.
find a role model. fix your hips and butts. work on your breasts. take care of your waist and butt. focus on your facial features. get the right hair. find the right clothes. pay attention to the details of your body. groom your eyebrows. get a man's haircut. wear the right makeup. take the right measurements. dress the part. learn to walk like a woman. learn how to act like a man. learn the right way to talk like a girl.
play a game of truth or dare. the object to be discovered is to be an animal, vegetable, or mineral. , the object must be of a different kingdom than the one on which the game is being played. , questions must be asked of the object. the player must answer the questions correctly. , a forfeit must be paid if any other answer is given. , continue playing.
decide which hygrometer to use. choose a good location for the hygometer. take readings every few hours or days. re-calibrate the hy grometer.
call emergency services. call child protective services. find the appropriate number. call the national hotline. decide if you want to report anonymously. gather information. report in good faith. gather the necessary information. make an oral report. fill out a report form. submit the form. wait for a response. follow up with the appropriate authorities. get a copy of the child’s medical records. talk to the child. contact the police. file a complaint with your local police department. report the abuse to the appropriate state agency.
first of all, think of a cool name for your band. come up with a band name that you like. if you don't like the word 'band' or something similar to that, then think of something else. if your band doesn't have a name, then try to find a band that has a name that is similar to the band you want to be in. finished.
examine the wall to determine the location of the tie rod hole. measure the distance from the floor to the top of the wall using a ruler. determine the number of rows in the wall. examine the front of the hole for a ¼ inch  (6.35 millimeters) to 1/2” inch (12.70 millimeter) cosmetic covering of concrete. use a screwdriver, dowel rod, or a tie rod bar to expose the hole to a depth of 3 inch (76.20 millimeters).
choose your eyeshadow. get the right brushes. use the right brush strokes. put on your other eye makeup first, too.
talk to the kid as much as you can. get to know the kid. appreciate the kid's intelligence. give the kid your undivided attention. talk to the child. act like a kid. find out what they find funny. play with them. teach them something together. take time to teach them. be willing to try new things. don't be afraid to do things you wouldn't normally do. be creative. play games with the kids. have fun playing with the kid(s).
if you have a horse that is sick, take it to the vet and get it checked out. clean the stall regularly. fix broken items as soon as you find them. finished.
sit behind someone who will do well on the test. sign with a fellow student in the class. practice.
choose a good quality gift bag. choose a vessel for the bag. keep the design theme consistent. consider the occasion. add some personal touches. get some filler. set a budget. select a gift for yourself. choose something for a friend. pick something for your co-worker. choose an item for a coworker. get something for the teacher. pick an item to give as a gift to a child. pick a goodie bag for a teacher. choose the right bag for the right occasion.
check the care label. do a spot test on the fabric. spot clean tough stains. remove stubborn stains. wash faux suede by itself. machine wash your item. dry your garment. remove dirt and grime. clean shoes. remove stains from drapery. clean fabric with a fabric softener. use fabric softeners. use a fabric cleaning spray. apply a fabric conditioner.
understand what “it’s time for bed” really means. make sure your toddler is tired. consider your toddler’�s fears. have your toddler nap in the afternoon. don’t use bedtime as a punishment. set a reasonable bedtime. prepare your toddler for bed. establish a bedtime routine. stay calm. reinforce the routine. be creative. cuddle your child. reward your child for good behavior. give your child some “me time.” if your child is still having a hard time going to sleep, give him or her time to think about what you’ve said, but do not give in to his or her demands. be patient. be consistent. give yourself a break. get help if you need it. talk to a pediatrician. get professional help. get a support group together.
write your schedule down. break up your day into chunks. identify your obligations. look for “flex” time. consult your schedule frequently. make adjustments to your schedule based on how it’s working.
check the date on the bill. review your own receipts or other documents. talk to a billing company representative. gather evidence to support your claim. search for sample letters. format your letter. include your name and address. include the company's contact information. explain the nature of your dispute. close the letter. attach any necessary attachments. send the letter by certified mail. follow up with a phone call or email. wait for a response. consider filing a complaint with the better business bureau. file a complaint under state law.
prepare your cards. cut one card in half. fold the numerical card. show the trick to your audience. reveal the "mask". finished.
separate the felt fibers. form a ball with the fibers. seal the fibers together. wet the ball with hot water. dip the ball into the hot water for a few seconds. remove the ball from the water. done.
obtain an hdmi cable. turn on your tv and connect it to your computer. press the "input" or "source" button on the tv. select the port to which the adapter is connected. , select the "video" option and press "start" on the remote. , watch the video or listen to the audio on your computer or tv.
choose a bag and board size appropriate for the age of the comic. select a bag or board size for regular comics. choose a bag/board size for magazine-sized comics. purchase a Treasury-sized bag/ board for reprints. purchase your comic book bags and boards.
check your local laws and regulations. make sure you have enough space. talk to your neighbours. know what you’re getting into. consider the pros and cons of keeping chickens. decide what you want to do with your chickens. choose a breed of chicken. decide if you want a broiler or bantam chicken. consider getting some chicks from a local pet store. purchase a coop. set up the coop and feed the chickens. keep the chickens clean. provide fresh water for the chickens every day. finished.
understand what a granny square is. make a ring. make the foundation round. work the second round. create the third round. add a border, end off and weave in the ends. finished.
first, you'll need a wireless device to share the connection with the 'hot spot'. next, you will need a way to connect the device to the router/switch. once you have your wireless device connected, plug it into the 'wan' port (i.e. if it's a switch, make sure it's plugged into the wan port). , plug the other end of the ethernet cable (e.g. now that you have the wireless device in place, you need to connect it to the hot spot. now, you have to set up the network. if you have more than one wireless device, you may want to set it up in a way that allows you to have multiple devices, such as a laptop, laptop, tablet, or ipod, all connected at the same time. now you have a wireless hot spot, and all your devices are connected.
choose a scented wax cube. burn a candle. place the scented cube in the melted wax. light the candle with the wax.
find a suitable table. sand the table down, if necessary. clean the table, if needed. paint the tabletop, if desired. decide whether you want to cover the tabletop with paper, paint it, or leave it bare. choose your paper. cut your paper down to the size you want. apply a coat of decoupage glue to the back of the paper. press the paper onto the tabletop. smooth the paper down with a foam sponge. apply another coat of glue. use a foam block to cut off the excess paper. glue the paper back onto the table. consider adding some more designs. cut out some stencils. paint over the stenciles with acrylic paint. add some designs with spray paint. use spray paint to add some color to the tabletop if you are using paper. add designs with a stencil. add more designs with fabric. add a few more details, if you want them. let the tabletop dry completely before using it.
take a break. practice deep breathing exercises. take a warm bath. drink a cup of tea. call a friend. listen to soothing music. try primal response therapy. try touch therapy. get a massage. try aromatherapy. try progressive muscle relaxation. try hypnosis. try yoga. try meditation. try acupuncture. try acupressure therapy.
eat on a regular schedule. experiment with different foods. drink plenty of fluids. avoid foods that can irritate your anal system or cause diarrhea.
cut two pieces of grosgrain ribbon. cut both wing ribbons in half, widthwise. cut a smaller piece of ribbon for the body of the butterfly. consider burning the ends of the ribbons. sew the wings together using a running stitch. gather the thread around the center of the second wing ribbon. tie the two wings together to create the butterfly's wings. attach the wings to the body. glue the body ribbon to the back of your butterfly. secure the antenna to the butterfly with a few stitches. consider attaching the butterfly to a hairclip or a hair tie if you do not want to use a hair clip. finished.
visit the mycheckfree website. create an account. pay your wal-mart bill. wait for your money to be processed.
test the artichoke’s weight. look at the leaves. do the “squeak” test. don’t wash your artichokes before you store them. sprinkle the stems with water. place the stems in a plastic bag and refrigerate them. wash and scrub the leaves before you use them. remove the stem and the tips of the leaves with a knife and shears. cut off the top of the stem with a sharp knife. cook, bake, boil, or steam the artICHoke before you’re ready to use it in your recipe.
check for ear itching. feel for ear pain. look for discharge in your ear. pay attention to changes in hearing or hearing loss. notice changes in behavior.
download and install virtualbox. download and install windows 10. go to virtualbox’s download page and download the iso of the operating system of your choice. install the iso. launch virtualbox and run the setup wizard. , choose a name for your operating system. select your windows 10 version. choose how much ram to give the machine. select the vdi. set the hard drive size. choose a virtual machine name. wait for the summary page to come up. click "next" when you're done. , click "finish". , click the "run" button. , select "run as administrator" from the list of options. , type in your administrator password and password. , congratulations!
gather all of the items that you don’t need anymore. find containers that are large enough to hold all of your makeup. organize your makeup into categories. separate your hair products into separate containers. put your makeup brushes and sponges in one container. store your makeup in sealed containers. sort your makeup according to the type of makeup.
dress like ryuk. wear blue makeup. wear black contacts. adopt an "i don't give a damn" attitude. be opinionated. be loyal. have strange habits. eat apples.
ask the seller about the history of the item. check for marks. examine the condition of the jewelry. request documentation and authentication. consider the price.
open settings on the device you want to change your apple id for. scroll down and tap icloud. tap your name. tap about. tap on your current apple id. tap contact us. tap change email address. swipe left on the email address you wish to change. tap sign in. enter a new email address or answer security questions. wait for an email. enter the code in the spaces on the screen.
place a coffee can on a flat, hard surface. cover the coffee can with four lines of construction paper. cut an “x” in the top of the construction paper at each line. attach a thin ruler or paint stirring stick to the can’s mouth. place bait on the opposite side of the can. allow the mouse to scamper up the ruler, stir stick, or other ramp-like object. remove the mouse from the can when you’re ready.
choose an eyebrow pencil color that matches your hair color. groom your eyebrows. tweeze your eyebrows using a pair of tweezers. draw an “x” shape on your eyebrow pencil. apply the color to your eyebrows with the pencil. blend the color in with a brush or q-tip. clean up mistakes.
protect your skin from the sun. take short, cool showers. choose gentle soaps. avoid scrubbing your skin. put on sunscreen. use moisturizer. stop smoking. treat acne.
gather information from all parties involved in the case. gather information from other sources. conduct interviews with the client and other interviewees. ask open-ended questions. avoid asking yes-or-no questions.
trim the mustache. apply a pre-shave product to dry skin. pull your upper lip taut. shave against the grain. apply an aftershave to your face and neck.
gather your materials. poke two holes in the bottom of a plastic cup. attach the cup to an aluminum pie plate. cut out a square of aluminum foil. tie a piece of thread around the foil ball. charge the pith ball electroscope with static electricity.
determine what you want to raise money for. set a goal. identify your audience. think about the type of event you would like to hold. decide what kind of event to have. establish a budget. create a contact list. set up a bank account for your charity. find a place to hold your event. make a map of the venue. choose a date and time for the event. decide how you will take donations. determine the price of tickets. decide if you will need to charge a service. decide on a time and place for the raffle. decide who will be selling the items or services. make sure you have a plan for clean up. make arrangements with local businesses. find volunteers. create an action plan. make the event fun. make it a social event. clean up after the event when finished.
rest for several hours after the procedure. ask a friend or family member to drive you home. rest for several days to one week. resume normal activities gradually. take your prescribed medications as directed by your doctor.
volunteer for difficult assignments. become the go-to person for certain skills. collaborate with younger colleagues. be open to change. work in a thoughtful manner. take care of your physical appearance.
think about your own motivations. drop hints that you want to move. research potential options. have a discussion about moving. wait for your parents to make a decision. support your parents’ decision. talk to your parents about the pros and cons of moving. ask your parents if they’d like to talk to someone about their concerns. ask for help if you need it. talk about moving as a family. consider moving with your parents.
do the spiderman stretch. try the calf stretch. do the foot stretch. stretch your hip flexors in pigeon pose. stretch in upward facing dog. move into bow pose or half bow.
reward yourself for small achievements. listen to music. create a mantra. say a reassuring word. challenge negative thoughts. avoid thinking about the past and future.
open the messages app. tap a chat conversation. , tap the name of the person you want to chat with.
obtain a cargobobob. obtain a tank. fly to fort zancudo. take possession of the tank. lower the tank to the helipad.
visit a dermatologist if your acne is severe. , ask your doctor about the types of treatments that can be used.
choose a person or character to be the "guesser". have the person on your left get a card from the person to their left. have everyone but you look at your card. have one person to the left of the person with the card guess their character. the person guesses their character correctly.
find a wolf that you want to tame. , run up to the wolf. , wait for the wolf to approach you. strike the wolf with your sword. repeat this process until the wolf is taming the dog.
understand the difference between sharpening and honing. place the steel rod on the counter. angle the blade at a 45-degree angle to the rod. draw the blade back towards the rod on a straight line. repeat the process on the other side of the blade.
stay calm. accept the situation. focus on what you are good at. be passive. avoid confrontation. offer a neutral point of view. speak slowly and clearly. admit your part of the issue. admit to your error. walk away slowly. treat everyone professionally. avoid escalating the conflict. don’t engage in personal attacks. avoid blaming the other person. avoid taking things personally. avoid making accusations about the other party. avoid gossiping about the negative person’s personal life. avoid using negative self-talk to defuse negative energy. seek professional help.
determine the size of your tomato plants. choose a large pot. choose an appropriate pot. clean the pot. fill the pot with potting soil. fertilize the soil and plant your tomatoes.
remove the window tinting film from the tinted side of the window. remove the peeling film. clean the film. cover the window with a black garbage bag. place a tarp on top of the bag. spray the window surface with ammonia. peel the film off the window using a razor blade. repeat the process of peeling and spraying with ammonia until all of the film has been removed. , allow the window to dry for 24 hours. , remove the ammonia-soaked film with a steamer.
set up a well-ventilated work area. apply the paint stripper. scrape off the paint with steel wool. remove the finish underneath the furniture. sand the surface. finish the surface with a finishing sander. clean the furniture up.
name your horse after a fruit or vegetable. name it after a family member of your horse’s breed. if you have a horse that looks like a famous horse, name it a-lots. if your horse has a unique trait, name its name after that trait. if it has a lot of traits, name your horse a-lot. name a trait after an item that came with the horse. name the horse after something it came with.
remove the injured quail from the flock. place the quail in a small box. place a heating pad or paper towels in the box. decide whether or not it’s safe to take the quails to the vet. clean the wound. apply an anti-bacteria cream to the wound and feed and water. keep the quailing in the small box in a dark, quiet and undisturbed area. move the quailed to a room with light. let the quay sleep in the room. move on to a bigger cage. check on the quile. re-crate the quil. make sure the home is predator proof. check the housing for sharp things. keep males and females separate from each other in a separate pen. finished.
click the start menu and select "all apps". click "all programs" and then "accessories". click the "command prompt" option. type "flush dns cache" and press ↵ enter. search for the ip address you want to flush. type dns -flush in the "dns" field. test your browser to see if it works.
determine the speed of the shredder. determine the amount of daily usage. choose a shredder with the right shred capacity. look for anti-jam or jam proof shredder features. finished.
establish personal boundaries. set realistic goals. let them know you still love them. be aware that you may have to distance yourself. stay calm. ignore their dramatic behavior. avoid physical contact. avoid wearing provocative clothing. offer a compliment. offer support to others. avoid arguing with your loved one. take a break from the situation. talk to a therapist. join a support group. get help from a mental health professional. consider couples therapy. consider inpatient behavioral therapy (cbt).
get the hair. keep your makeup simple. find the right clothes. walk the walk. be intelligent. don't be trashy. love yourself. be a people person. be spontaneous. wear a little bit of perfume. finished.
go to any tree that has an apple tree on it. hit the tree with the apple. wait for him to grow out his roots. hit one of the roots with an apple. hit him with the air pellets. repeat this until he dies.
choose a topic. make it emotional. form a unique style. stay focused and stay focused.
make sure that you are in a safe area and that there are no obstacles in your way. , avoid obstacles. let the element do its thing.
cut a long piece of clear thread and string a needle onto it. , thread the needle through the center of the string. add a small bead onto the right needle. add another small bead on the left needle. continue adding small beads until all the small beads have been added. add the last large bead. finish the barrette. add more beads. continue until you have the desired length of beads for the clasp.
train regularly. find a good place to run. set up a training plan. run. keep track of your progress. set goals for yourself. once you have set your goals, start running at the pace you need to reach to reach them. run long distance runs. run longer distance runs, but not too long. keep up your training and you will see good results.
practice deep breathing techniques. meditate daily. do yoga. eat a healthy, balanced diet. exercise regularly. get plenty of rest and get at least seven to nine hours.
open the registry editor. create a system restore point. click on all programs. select all programs from the list. select accessories from the left pane. select system restore from the right pane. left click on system restore. select a restore point from the drop down menu. close out of system restore and open regedit. open up the run dialog box. type regedit and press ↵ enter. use the registry to your advantage.
mix the baking soda and hydrogen peroxide. add the lemon juice. run the brush head in the mixture for 30 seconds to 1 minute. remove the brush from the mixture and rub it against a clean towel. rinse the brush with warm water and run it under the brush. repeat the cleansing process if the bristles are particularly dirty. let the brush dry.
look for a psp that can meet your payment needs. ask the psp how much it charges. find out if there’s a set-up fee. ask about the pps’ support for reporting and administration. ask if there is someone who can explain and implement the solutions to your problems. look for fraud solutions that can help you reduce the risk of fraud. find a pps that can issue imas (imas) for your customers’ card details. make sure your psp is reliable. think about the long-term consequences.
measure your waist size. measure your hip size. try on skirts from several different brands. check each new brand's sizing guide before trying on a new skirt.
know your audience. reach out to your fan-base. talk to your audience on social media. ask your fans what they think of your videos. ask for feedback from your viewers. check out the forums on your topic. look for inspiration from theme parties and special events in your area. review and comment on craft items. collaborate with other youtubers. write a script or perform a song with a group of friends or family.
plan ahead. take a shower. moisturize your skin. style your hair. do your makeup. take care of your nails. read the invitation. consider your body type. determine your skin tone. wear something that makes you feel comfortable. shave your beard. apply deodorant. choose a good outfit. wear the right shoes. choose the right accessories. wear a hat. wear sunglasses. wear earrings. wear eye makeup. wear eyeliner. wear mascara. wear lipstick. wear blush. wear lip gloss. consider blush.
open adobe illustrator. create a new screen. add a movieclip to the screen. open the actions window. add an actionscript to the actions frame. save the actionscript as a separate layer in the timeline.
offer a variety of non-alcoholic beverages. focus on other things at the event. don’t make a public service announcement.
identify why you are pushing people away. realize that you have an issue with yourself. look for patterns in your behavior. talk to someone about your feelings. believe in yourself. remember that you matter. don't expect others to accept you for who you are. be confident. admit when you're wrong. make amends with the people who have hurt you in the past. don’t make assumptions about the person you’re trying to get close to. be honest with yourself about what you want from the relationship. make a plan to get closer to the person. be open to new possibilities. be willing to make the change. keep your distance if you need to.
find out if your airline offers free flight benefits. ask about flight vouchers. use a buddy pass. fly standby on standby.
create a safe work space for your kids. assign tasks to your kids at the kitchen table. have your kids help put away groceries and gather ingredients. instruct your kids to rinse fruits and vegetables under running water. give your kids bowls and spoons to mix ingredients together. allow children to unwrap food items before cooking. have kids set and clear the table. instruct kids to throw away trash as soon as they find it. allow kids to cook meals that don't require the use of the stove or oven.
choose a cover for your vespa. order the cover. fit the cover over your vesspa. keep your v Vespa in a safe place. maintain a good maintenance schedule.this will help you to keep your Vespa safe.
decide when you want to start training your dog. decide what kind of training you want your dog to learn. choose the right trainer. think about your dog's personality. make sure your dog is comfortable with the trainer. ask your dog if he'd like to train with you. go to a dog obedience class or obedience school. make a training plan and stick to it. sign up for the training program you choose.
give your electric shaver some time to get used to your new tool. wash your face with soap and water before you shave. shave with the grain. shave at an l-shape. shave in the opposite direction of hair growth. avoid over-shaving sensitive areas. clean your electric razor after every use.
mix the bentonite clay and arrowroot powder. add in the essential oil. pour the dry shampoo into a container. shake the container to mix the ingredients together. finished.
click and drag to bend or curve your image. click and drag the "handles" to fine-tune curves. warp your image to a preset shape. modify the warp settings. confirm your changes and save your work.
feed your parrot a pelleted food. provide a balanced diet. reduce the amount of seeds. make your bird more comfortable.
identify the source of your high blood pressure. make an appointment with your doctor. talk to your doctor about taking medication. enlist the help of friends and family to help you.
join an english club. watch or listen to english-language media. incorporate english into your daily life. make a list of words that you have trouble with or pronouncing.
create a folder on your hard drive. , create a folder in that folder. put all files which you want to use. save the files in this folder.
prepare the strawberries. cut the strawberries in half. put the strawberries into a blender. blend the strawberries with the rest of the ingredients in the blender. pour the mixture into a bowl and serve immediately.
use baby oil. exfoliate with exfoliator mitts and lemon juice. make a paste of lemon juice and baking soda. apply vinegar to your skin. use a self-tanner removal product. finished.
understand the difference between a diesel engine and a gasoline engine. understand that diesels do not use spark plugs. understand the role of glow plugs in cold weather.
go to your bank and open it up. take a look at the inside of it.
prepare the rosemary leaves. cut the elderflower leaves into small pieces. add the cucumber to the blender or food processor.add the chopped rosemary and elderflower cordial to the puree.add 1/2 cup of sugar to the purée. pour the granita into a bowl. serve. finished.
pour the skittles into a bowl. add the vodka to the bowl and stir. , add the other flavors, if desired. stir the mixture with a spoon or whisk. pour the mixture into a glass bottle and add the lid. , shake the bottle to mix the ingredients together. serve the mixture in single servings or in a bottle. finished.
use maxsea 3-20-20 for the first ten days after planting. add 1/4 teaspoon epsom salts for magnesium. feed your plants 400 ppm maxsea for 10 days after the first 10 days of growth. add 400 ppm seaweed-based fertilizer for the last two weeks of the vegetative period. feed them 400 ppm pure seaweed fertilizer for two weeks after the flowering period. add 100 ppm seaweeds-based fertilizers to the last 10 days before you harvest. use plain water for the final 10 to 14 days before harvest. flush your garden with clean water after you harvest your garden produce.
draw a circle on a piece of paper. draw two more ovals, one on each side of the first circle. draw a line connecting the two ovals to the center of the circle. , outline the ovals with a black marker. color in your golf ball. you're done!
give your child an allowance. help your child cultivate social relationships. celebrate the tooth fairy. encourage your child to cultivate hobbies. teach your child how to behave in public bathrooms.
holdcuddle your baby next to your body. burp your baby on your shoulder. hold your baby against your shoulder and press their tummy with your shoulder to burp them. lay your baby down on your lap. try burping your baby while you are sitting in a chair or couch. use the upright burping technique. avoid loud noises or voices during feeding. allow your baby to spit up. wipe your baby’s mouth and nose with a clean cloth. don’t worry if your baby does not burp after every feeding. listen to your baby when they burp. let your baby burp when they need to. let them burp on their own if they are four months old or older. let babies burp at their own pace. encourage burping when your baby is older than four months.
if you don't know how to do something, don't be afraid to come up with a name for it. focus on one skill at a time. pick a skill that you are good at and focus on it. improve your reaction time. develop your strength, speed, agility, flexibility and flexibility. do not try to reinvent the wheel. don't get embarrassed if you mess up. if you are having a hard time enjoying your sport, it may be that you just can't seem to enjoy yourself, or maybe you just don't want to do it anymore.
measure your waist and hips. choose a pattern. choose your fabric. take your measurements. alter the pattern to fit your measurements and add ease. wash your fabric according to the pattern instructions. prewash the fabric if necessary. cut your fabric and sew your jeans. decorate your jeans, if desired.
take a screen shot with your iphone or ipad. open the settings app on your phone. choose the image you want to capture. take the shot.
give your ears time to heal. use a tapered tapered taper to stretch your ears. put a taper that is the same size as your normal gauge in your ear. wear the smaller gauge until your ear has shrunk down. if you are a woman, consider getting surgery to shrink your ears back to normal size. get the smallest gauge you can find online.
apply primer and concealer to your face. apply blush to your cheeks. apply lipstick to your lips. apply eyeliner to your top lashes. apply mascara to your upper lashes. wear eyeshadow. shape your eyebrows. choose a color that complements your undertone. choose the right lip color. apply foundation to your skin. apply concealer where necessary. finish with a finishing powder. apply bronzer to your eyes. apply lip gloss. finished.
listen to upbeat music. have protein snacks throughout the day. keep the light bright. get some exercise.
wear maternity clothes. wear flowy tops. throw on a cardigan. wear a little black dress. invest in some shapewear to smooth and tuck your waistline.
play football as early as possible. practice as much as you can. get a good college education. be professional. build a resume. write a highlight reel. submit your resume and press kit to teams. find an agent. get in top physical shape. work on your endurance. practice sprinting. eat a healthy diet. stay hydrated. get enough sleep. stay in shape. get the right equipment. join a league. play for an nfl team. sign up for the nfl.
see a doctor if you think that you have kidney stones. follow your doctor’s treatment plan. take medication.
determine why you have this opinion. understand that your opinion is not unique. do a google search on the topic you have an opinion about. create an opinion collage. go to an online forum (e.g. find a topic that interests you (i.e. if you are not sure what to do about this topic, but still want to know more about it, then go to a forum on a topic you are passionate about (eg. find an online community of people who share your opinion on the same topic (eg, e.g).
preheat your oven. roll the cookie dough. add the crushed graham crackers to the crust. sprinkle the chocolate chips and marshmallows on the pizza. top the pizza with almonds and bears. bake the s'more pizza. serve.
log into your foursquare business account. click on the link for "manager tools" on the left side of the foursquare website. select the "campaigns" tab on the manager tools page. , click on "create a campaign" to create a new campaign. choose the type of special you want to create. define the criteria for your special. click "save" to save your special to your computer or mobile device. select your business location from the list of venues on the right side of your screen. click the "start campaign" button to launch your special at the location you have selected. wait for your reward to be unlocked by foursquare users to unlock it.
read reviews of the movie before you watch it. know the plot. decide whether or not you want to watch the movie. start with the non-gory horror movies. bring some snacks and/or comfort objects. watch it with someone else. remind yourself that it's just a movie.
prepare the chard for cooking. chop the chards. melt 2 tbsp. add 1/2 tsp. add the garlic and onion to the skillet. add 2 cups of chard stems to the pan. remove from the heat and add the lemon juice. serve.
talk to the person who's mad at you. listen to the other person. apologize. do something nice for the person you're mad at. make the person feel good about themselves. bring on the circus. if you're in the dog house for a long period of time, try to keep things as normal as possible. some people don't like to be in a dog house, and don't want to spend their time in one. if this is the first time you've been in a relationship with someone, and you're constantly trying to please them, you're probably unhappy.
open your iphone's settings. scroll down and tap notes. tap photos. slide the "all photos" button to the "on" position. open the notes app. tap a note. tap the share button.
preheat your oven to 350°f (177°c) and lightly grease a cake pan. beat the eggs and sugar together until they are light and fluffy. stir in the flour, baking powder, and salt. beat in the milk and vanilla extract. pour the milk into a small saucepan and heat it over medium-high heat. slowly pour the eggs into the pan, then add the milk. bake the cake for 35 to 40 minutes. let the cake cool before removing it from the pan.
draw a circle for the head. draw the outline of the body. , draw the pose of the character’s head. add the details of the hands and feet. draw naruto's eyes. add details to the face. draw a few more lines for the hair. , erase the unnecessary lines. , add the dress. , outline the dress and add details. , color the drawing and you’re done! , finished.
open the facebook mobile app on your phone. type in the number you want to turn off facebook texts for. tap the "text" button. , type in your mobile number. , tap "send a text". tap "continue" to send the text. tap "stop" to stop the message.
set up your guitar and amp. practice with both hands. start with your strumming hand. arpeggiate your favorite chords. roll your fingers to mute the string immediately after playing it. hold the pick in your dominant hand and play the note. let the pick fall from string to string in one smooth stroke. repeat the process. practice your technique with other strings. learn how to sweep pick a single note. practice sweeping over the strings. keep practicing.
plan your salad. check the restaurant's menu. plan ahead. eat a healthy meal before you go. look at the entire salad bar. choose the right greens. add a variety of vegetables. add fresh fruit. choose healthy proteins. choose a healthy dressing. choose complex carbohydrates. avoid high-calorie toppings. assemble the salad. add the dressing. add toppings and garnishes. serve the salad immediately. eat the salad within 30 minutes of leaving the restaurant. drink a glass of water.
open your iphone's settings. scroll down and tap display & brightness. tap night shift. slide the night shift switch left to the "off" position.
choose a frame. place the frame over the fabric. iron the fabric, if necessary. position the backing on top of the frame. trim the edges, if desired. attach the glass and fabric. hang the frame up.
determine if the filer has lived in california for the entire year. determine the filing status. determine which tax form to use. calculate the taxable income. use the form to calculate the state income tax and then enter it into the online californ income tax calculator.
measure the width and length of your book. add 2 inches (50.8 millimeters) to your measurements. cut the terry cloth to the proper size. cut out two tabs on the top and bottom of your cloth. attach bias tape to the edges of the cloth. cut four 1 inch (101.6 millimeter) strips of velcro. attach the velcro strips to the cover. add the remaining velcro loops. sew the remaining strips onto the cover of the book. attach your book cover. finished.
decide on a name for your bakery. draw a logo. get some cardboard and cut it out. make a stand. get a table and chair. put a box on the side of the table. make the counter top. add a cupboard to the back of the counter. make an empty container. put all your cakes, cookies, and other items on top of the container. , get some clear stickers and stick them on the sides of the boxes. , make some paper towels. make some cash register stickers. make cakes. make cookies. make bread. make doughnuts. make powered sugar. add sprinkles. , decorate your cookies and cakes. finished.
pick fruits and vegetables. make a farm plot. grow an eggplant or pomegranate. make jerky or small jerky. use a crock pot. cook a dragonpie. make mandkes.
visit your local library. search the internet. visit local farms and nurseries to learn about local plant life.
be calm and assertive. choose the right type of restraint for your dog. make sure you have the right equipment before you begin. speak to your dog and tell her it’s okay to be in the restraint. groom your dog while he is restrained. give your dog a treat if he is behaving in a way that you want him to.
use vitamin c to lighten your hair. crush or grind vitamin c tablets into a fine powder. mix the vitamin c powder with clarifying shampoo. apply the mixture to damp hair. rinse out the mixture and condition.
find a willow twig. cut the bark off the end of the willow. remove the bark from the twig with a knife. put the bark-less end of your willow into a bowl of water. make a notch in the bark with your knife. blow on the end with the notch to change the pitch of the whistle. repeat the process until you have a whistle in your mouth.
open the messages app on your iphone or ipad. compose your message. tap the blue arrow in the upper-right corner of the screen. tap "invisible ink.", send the message. use invisible ink to hide a private message. hide a message with instructions to reveal it later. surprise the recipient with an invisible ink message. make sure the menu appears in the general menu. scroll down and tap "accessibility.", toggle "in invisible ink" off. update to ios.
put the butter in a resealable plastic bag. , measure out the amount of butter you need for your recipe. add the butter to the bag. leave the bag open. give the butter a whack.
determine the absorbency of the disposable diapers you are using. compare the disposable diaper's absorbency to other brands of diapers that are available. use a disposable diaper to protect your child or infant from diaper leaks. use disposable diapers to protect small items that have to be preserved for a short period of time. use them to deodorant your underarms. clean up messes in your baby's diaper. use the diaper to clean up after your baby when they mess up. use it to clean your dog's poop when you take it for a walk. protect your valuables from the elements of your house's interior walls. dry your book in the diaper. cover your walls with a thin layer of polyurethane fiber. soak the diaper in water. clean your hands when you drop an oil-filled bolt from your car. take advantage of the versatility of disposable diapers when you are traveling on a long road trip. check the inside of the diaper after you have used it. remove the diaper when you find that it is losing heat. remove disposable diapers from your child's or infant's diaper when they become dirty or dirty.
examine the condition of the siding to determine the extent of the damage. determine if the damage is due to insects, termites, or dry rot. repair small cracks or holes in siding. repair dry rot by cutting out the rot and filling in the hole with wood putty.
talk to your parents. make sure your parents are open to make up. wash your face. brush your teeth and comb your hair. use a facial cleanser. apply concealer to your face with a cotton ball or cotton ball. apply foundation. apply bronzer to your cheeks. use chap stick to highlight your eyes. use facial products. use ammonia. use honey or lemon. sleep with your hair in your hair up all night. iron your hair every night before you go to bed. take a shower in the morning and wash your hands with warm water. take care of your nails. finished.
ggather your ingredients. heat 1 tbsp. add 1 sliced chorizo sausage, 1 chopped onion, and 2 crushed garlic cloves, and 1 seeded and sliced red capsicum to a pan. add 2 cups of long grain rice, 1 tsp. add the diced tomatoes, ½ cup chicken stock, and ½ cup of chicken stock to the pan. , add 1 cup of frozen peas to the mixture. , stir the ingredients together. , pour in the chicken stock and stir well. , bring the ingredients to a boil. , reduce the heat to a simmer. , remove the pan from the heat and stir in the rice and seafood. add ½ cup frozen peas. add a splash of salt and pepper to taste. remove from heat. serve.
be a good role model. talk to the children when you have to use self-control. be clear. stay positive.
open your iphone's messages. tap a conversation with the contact you want to edit read receipts for. tap the messages button. tap settings. tap send read receipts. tap off.
check the tags on your baby clothing. sort the clothes into separate loads. set your washer to the proper cycle. add detergent to the load. add baby-friendly detergent. add the clothes to the washer. run the normal cycle. set the rinse cycle to a second rinse cycle if necessary. finished.
listen for squeaks in the subfloor. weight down the floor from above. install a joist-subfloor brace. use shims to fill in the gaps. use wood screws to tighten things up yourself.
choose a container that is large enough for the amount of basil you want to grow. , fill the container with soil. place the seeds in the container. cover the seeds with a thin layer of soil. leave the seeds uncovered. wait for the seeds to germinate or sprout. spray the seeds daily. wait until the cotyledons appear on the basil seedlings. transplant the seedlings when they have their third set of leaves. water the plants when they are ready to be transplanted. keep the plants well watered. keep an eye out for pests. move the plants to a larger container when they get too big for the soil. enjoy your basil!
identify the types of propositions used in a categorical syllogism. identify the type of proposition used to make each part of a syllogistic. determine the mood of the syllogisms. identify a syllogsism’s figure. identify valid.
determine if your table is wooden or wood. use a hose to wet the surface of the table. look for bubbles escaping from the valve area of the valve. check the seams of the mattress. mark the leak with a permanent marker. dry the area around the leak. allow the mattress to dry for at least 24 hours before you put it away.this will give the mattress enough time to dry completely before you can use it to repair a leak. store the mattress in a dry, dry place.
learn the movements that you will need to do in order to do the stomach ripple. identify the muscles that will be used in the ripple. isolate the muscles. clench each muscle group individually and then release them. practice the movements.
sign up for email alerts from jcpenney. sign up for a mobile phone connection. follow jcpenney on facebook and twitter. go online and fill out the customer satisfaction survey when you go to the store.
chew the stalk to extract the sweet flavor. use the stalk as a skewer. use it as a swizzle stick.
gather your materials. write the number on the sugar cube. transfer the number to your thumb. trick your audience. finished.
create your teabags. fill a teapot with water and bring it to a boil. pour the water into a cup. add the tea leaves and other ingredients. let the tea steep for several minutes.
take the pledge to recycle. read up on recycling. organize a recycling event. ask your local recycling center how they collect and handle recyclables. start a recycle drive. explain the benefits of recycling to your family and friends. make a list of reasons why recycling is important to your community. contact your local government to see if there is any funding available for a recycling program in your area. start your own recycling program, if you haven't already done so. join a recycling group. join the american recycling association. get involved in your community's recycling efforts. start or join a local recycling organization. finished.
preheat your oven to 350°f (177°c). brown the tortillas. heat the sauce in a large saucepan over medium-high heat. spread the cheese and chicken mixture over the tortilla. add the olives. roll the enchiladas. place them in the oven for 10-12 minutes. serve them immediately. finished.
decide if you want to sell on ebay. find a drop ship source. find suppliers. check the demand for your products. contact suppliers to see if they will drop ship to your customers. list your products on etsy. drop ship your products to the suppliers. pay the drop ship supplier for their drop ship service.
learn about severe reactions to latex. recognize the symptoms of a mild latex allergy. learn more about severe latex allergies. recognize more severe latex allergic reactions in some people.
research the topic of your case study. observe the people you are studying. conduct interviews with the participants. conduct in-person interviews with each participant. review your notes and references. gather your data and analyze your findings. write your final report. decide how you want to structure your final case study report.
get an injection to stop your period. get plenty of exercise. use birth control pills or oral contraceptives to stop periods.
use exp(x) = exp(y) , use sqrt(x). use atan(a) and atan (b). use cos(b) and cos(c). use not(c) and not(a). use conditional statements. use conditional operators. use if statement. use the if statement if (length < 900, <true>, <false>, <result-if-false>) , if ( length < 1000, <false), <true> <false> , if with yes/no condition, <condition>, <if-not(condition), <never> not(condition) , if and or not(viz) if with no condition. if and/or, if and, if, and not, and so on. , use the atan and acos (b) operators.
practice deep breathing. focus on the present social situation. identify your strengths and your weaknesses. avoid using safety behaviors. be confident in who you are and what you do. smile and carry yourself with confidence. make eye contact with people. practice active listening skills. be a good listener. be assertive. be yourself. don't be afraid to ask for help. finished.
choose an orange or peach colored concealer. apply an eye cream. apply concealer below the eyes. let the concealer set. blend the makeup. add some color to the inner and outer corners of your eyes. set the makeup with a face powder. reduce your salt intake. drink plenty of water. wear glasses. use a concealer eye mask.
make eye contact. smile as much as you can. show off your best features. include an action shot. include a group of friends and family photos. make sure that your photos are clear and well lit. post summer photos.
vacuum out the carpet underneath the car. remove any stains with a stain remover. wipe down the carpet with a damp sponge. remove the carpet backing from under the seats. use a piece of wood wool to cover up any cracks or dents in the carpet. clean the driver's side of the car with a non-slip dressing. use the right brushes. spray vinyl dressing on the vent grilles. choose a method for cleaning the seats, depending on the type of car. condition the leather seats. clean windows with a steel wool brush or steel wool. brush wheel rims with an acid-based cleaner or glass cleaner. apply tire dressing to chrome wheels. apply protectant to the glass. check the tinting on factory tinted windows. let the car sit in a cool, dry place. wash the car using a deep-pile terrycloth. rinse the car again with water and detergent. dry the car off with a microfiber towel. , polish the windows. apply a coat of glass polish to the car's interior. re-coat the windows, if needed.
understand what wind energy is. find out if wind power is available to you. consider adding a wind turbine. have a backup plan.
set up your saw. cut your plywood. cut the sides of the bookcase. measure the height and width of the top and bottom of the bookshelf. create the rabbet joints on the bottom and top of the shelf. make the holes for the shelf support pegs. drill holes in the pegboard for the shelves.
understand the history of the vehicle. start with the local newspaper classifieds. look through online vehicle listings. use the online classifieds to find a vehicle you are interested in. call the seller and ask about the price you are willing to pay. settle on a delivery or shipment method.if you are looking for a classic Pontiac, there are a few ways to get it: you can have the seller deliver the vehicle to you, or you can pick it up and take it to the store yourself.
launch your photo app. find the photo you want to delete. select the photo. delete the picture. delete multiple photos at once. go to the “recently deleted” folder to permanently delete them.
start by drawing a circle that is slightly larger than the person you want to represent the boy and the girl. , draw two overlapping ovals. draw the boy’s and girl's faces. draw their hair. add in their necks. add their hands. add details to their bodies. add clothes. draw a sitting and kneeling position for the girl and a kneeling one for the boy. erase the inside and outside lines of the drawing. draw details on their clothes. add a background. outline the drawing with a permanent marker. color in the drawing and erase the pencil marks. you can now color in your drawing. you’re done! , now you can add color to your illustration. finished.
prepare a dinner for your family. make calaveras. prepare calabaza en tacha. make atole. make pan de muerto. make día de los muertos "long worms.", prepare the meat. prepare the vegetables. make the enchila. serve the meat and vegetables. offer the meat to the living and the dead. make a cake for each person who died in your life.
review your state's fundraising guidelines. know your audience. research the charities you're supporting. find a team of like-minded individuals. try traditional fundraisers. network with local businesses. consider crowdfunding. create a personal fundraising page. use social media to raise funds. consider a karaoke contest. hold an auction. hold a garage sale. host a contest.
go to http://www.mangafox.com/ directory/ and click on the "manga directory" link from the bar at the top of the page. browse through the list of manga. narrow down your search. sign up. bookmark the manga. browse the forums. search for a particular manga. read the discussion threads. comment on the discussion thread. share the manga with others.
determine the shade of your skin. determine your skin's undertone. look at the veins on the underside of your wrist. ask yourself a few simple questions.
roast the chickpea flour. roast the peanuts. add chopped peanuts. fry the chile, onion, and garlic. combine the stuffing ingredients. add optional ingredients. wash and dry the okra. remove the seeds. fill the pods with the stuffing. heat oil in a pan or skillet. add the stuffed okra to the pan. cook for 5–6 minutes on each side. serve warm or at room temperature. serve with a side dish. serve the bhindi hot or cold.
insert a blank dvd-r into your cd/dvd player. open the file explorer on your computer. drag and drop the files you want to put on the disc into the explorer. click the "burn" button to begin the burning process. wait for the disc to finish burning. finalize the disc and eject it when you're done. wait while the disc finalizes and then burn the files.
plan ahead. avoid foods that upset your stomach. learn the language. let others know about your condition. eat small meals throughout the day. drink plenty of water. practice stress-relief techniques. take milk of magnesia. try taking a drug called colcholium, also known as colcholin.
go through the tutorial. learn the controls. learn how to play against the computer. get to know the captains and sidekicks. play in the fire cup. compete in the crystal cup. play the striker cup. try a megastrike. use the motion detector function. use a chip shot. use an air pass. play defense. play domination mode. play team mode. use items. play online. play offline.
commit to going to the gym. start with cardio. don't go too hard. go for a few sets. do supersets. use machines. use dumbbells and dumbbell curls. do arm exercises. go slowly. go fast on the positive side of the scale. go slow on the negative side. do interval training. cool down. add in a few days of strength training. eat a healthy diet. drink plenty of water. , don't eat too much junk food. get plenty of sleep. , take the stairs instead of the elevator. finished.
deal 7 cards to each player. have each player place a bet on the banker's hand. rank the high and low hands. assign the high hand to the player with the highest pair of cards if he or she has more than one pair. play the banker.
ask to talk in private. let your teacher know how they can help. be honest about what you need help with.
put your foot off the gas. put the vehicle in neutral. skid the tires of the vehicle. turn the steering wheel in the direction you want the vehicle to go. steer the vehicle as it slows down.
decide how short you want your shirt to be, and make a mark on it where you want the hem to be. cut the shirt down to the desired length, using a pair of sharp scissors or a sharp pair of scissors. fold the shirt in half lengthwise, and cut along the line you drew. turn the shirt inside out and cut the bottom edge of the shirt along the mark you made. iron the hem down using an ironing iron. use a sewing machine to sew the hem, or iron-on hem tape if you do not know how to sew. pin the hem in place with sewing pins, and sew along the lines you drew with a stretch-stitch needle. turn your shirt right-side out and turn it inside out, then turn it back inside out again. wear your shirt.
lick your tongue around your upper palate for 5 to 10 seconds. place your tongue on the upper palate of your mouth. put your thumb in your mouth to warm it up. cover your face with your hands. take deep breaths.
go to the duel arena. go to the mage training area. talk to the duellist's cap. find the al-kharid duel arena, which is located in the center of the al kharid mine. bring a sword with you. find an opponent to challenge. agree to the rules and stakes of the match, and follow them. do your best to win the match. enjoy yourself, and don't be too hard on yourself if you have lost a match.
choose the right time of year to travel to belize. pack the right clothes for the season. consider a cruise if you want to see belize in a short amount of time. decide where you would like to spend your time. choose a vacation package deal if you are looking to spend a few days or a week. plan a vacation that includes activities you would enjoy if you plan to stay for a longer period of time or longer.
understand the benefits of positive work relationships. look forward to your work day. know that you are part of a team.
ask her if she wants you to take off her bra. slide your hand under her shirt. place your two fingers under the bra. pinch the fabric between your thumb and two fingers. squeeze the section of fabric with your thumb. pull your thumb forward so that the hooks of the bra release. release the bra by sliding your thumb out of the gap between the hook and eyelet. , release the hooks with your free hand.
stay connected with friends and family. join a club or social group. connect with others in your community. volunteer your time.
recognize patterns in your friend’s behavior. think about the content of their comments. consider why your friend might be mad at you. ask yourself if your friend is truly envious of you. consider your friend's mental health. don’t let it drag on. talk to your friend about the envious comments. be an active participant in the conversation. apologize if you hurt your friend. end the conversation if you need to. seek professional help.
understand the impact of stress on your mental health. avoid unhealthy coping strategies. get help if you need it. learn healthy ways to manage stress. recognize the signs of suicide. learn to recognize the warning signs of depression. recognize signs of anxiety. identify signs of ptsd. know when to see a doctor.
determine your budget. determine the size of the nursery. identify merchant options. consider purchasing a matching set of furniture. use caution when purchasing used nursery furniture. keep drawers closed and child-proofed. ask others for advice. stay up to date on recalls.
moisturize your skin. choose the right time to shave. exfoliate your underarms. wet your underarm area. apply a shave gel or cream. use a sharp razor. pull the skin taut. move the razor in the right direction. shave the hair under your arms. rinse the area with warm water. apply deodorant and body spray after shaving.
gather your supplies. cut a strip of kevlar fabric. screw the fabric to the aluminum pole. wrap the wick around the pole and tie it in place with twine. soak the torch in camp fuel. light the torch and let it burn for several hours.
use emojis to convey anger. use capital letters to sound angry. avoid punctuation that is too formal or formal.
put a packer over the bulge in the front of your boxers. pin the packer in place. put your pants and boxers on. consider using a jock strap. wear a shirt over your packer.
flip the cat onto her back. check for splayed fur. look for a scar on the cat's abdomen. check the cat for a tattoo. look at the ears. take the cat to your veterinarian. ask a breeder or pet store worker if the cat has been spayed.
organize your mail. throw out the junk mail. pay your bills. add up your official notices. use a paper planner to keep track of your day’s events. organize your desk. create a place to store your files and documents.
walk away from your essay for a while. proofread your essay. cut out unnecessary words. use a thesaurus to replace the same words.
open the mail app. tap ⋮. tap settings. tap mail. tap delete all. tap the trash can icon. tap trash. tap ok. tap junk. tap x. tap edit. scroll down and tap delete junk emails.
understand the terminology. know what professional liability insurance does not cover. understand the purpose of liability insurance. know the different types of coverage levels. make sure you have enough coverage. choose a deductible you can afford. consider the payment schedule. compare insurance policies. gather information about the insurance company. find out how many employees the company has. ask about the company’s fee structure. ask how the company handles claims. ask the insurer about their rates. ask for references. look for discounts and discounts. compare policies from different carriers. read the fine print. make your final decision. finished.
use natural extracts. try essential oils. use plantain and peppermint leaves. use fruit. use apple cider vinegar. try garlic, onion, or ginger. make a paste from asafetida.
see your doctor. check for contact dermatitis. see your doctor for a diagnosis of dermatophytosis. get tested for lice. deal with helmet itch caused by static. check your hair length. avoid dry hair products.
understand the importance of reading out loud. study ahead of time. read out loud to yourself. study with a friend. don’t panic.
consider your own behavior. think about your relationships with others. consider the reasons why you may be self-absorbed. focus on your appearance. learn to be less selfish. cultivate humility. spend time in nature. listen to the way others talk to you. stop calling people by their names. stop comparing yourself to other people. stop thinking of yourself as the center of the universe. don't take yourself so seriously. be more considerate of other people's needs and feelings. be a good listener. be willing to listen to others. be grateful for what you have in common. be kind to yourself. be open to new experiences and experiences. be generous. be helpful to others and to others' needs. be selfless. take responsibility for your own life. forgive yourself.
look for signs of isolation. notice if the person’s partner is critical of their appearance, personality, or abilities. consider whether the person is acting out of character. pay attention to how often the person has to check in with their partner. finished.
teach your dog basic commands. train your dog to stop dangerous behaviors. supervise your dog around children. restrict your dog's access to the nursery or playroom. touch your dog in places a child might grab. change your dog’s schedule. let your dog explore the nursery. give your dog a baby doll. spend more time with the baby. spend time with your dog and baby together. take your dog on walks. take the dog to the park. give the dog plenty of attention.
preheat the oven to 180ºc/350ºf. , line a baking sheet with parchment paper. measure the sugar. pour the sugar into a saucepan. add the water. remove from the heat. pour in the flavoring. roll the lollipop sticks in the syrup. bake for 15-20 minutes or until golden brown. serve.
enable installation. download the apk file. transfer the file to your android. open your android's file manager. find the application. install the app.
treat your students with respect. stay calm. deal with bullying and harassment. respect all students. be a role model for students with special needs. help your students get diagnosed if they are struggling with a mental illness.
understand the purpose of endnotes. keep track of all the pertinent information when taking notes. decide if you want to use endnotes or footnotes. insert a superscript number in your text. format your endnotes properly. use the endnote function in your word processor.
ask your parents to talk to you. apologize to your parents. ask them what you can do to earn their trust. trust them.
find out about tinting regulations in your state. decide what type of tinting you want. consider the pros and cons of tint.
start by massaging your entire foot. start with the top of the foot. massage the big toe. work your way down to the ball of your foot. apply pressure to the top, middle, and ball of the feet. massage your toes and the tops of your feet. focus on the small intestine reflex point and the gal bladder reflex point. apply the lungs reflex point to the soles of your toes. apply a small amount of pressure to your feet to help with heartburns. , massage your small intestine, gal bladder, and small intestine Reflex points.this should help with a variety of heart, lung, and digestive issues.
take a warm shower. open the bathroom door and allow the steam to fill the room. hang your leather item in the bathroom. allow the garment to sit in the steam for as long as possible. remove the garment when the steam has dissipated. lay the garment out on a flat surface and smooth out any remaining creases with your hands.
cut the bacon into ½-inch (1.27-centimeter) thick slices. toast a small english muffin or croissant. melt the butter in a skillet over medium heat. beat the egg in a small bowl until it turns frothy. add the egg to the skillet and cook it for 1 to 2 minutes. transfer the scrambled egg to a plate and shape it into a circle. place the egg onto the english muffins. spread the cheese over the top of the egg. top the cheese with the bacon and bacon slices. add any additional toppings, if desired, and serve the sandwich. cut the bagel in half, if you used a bagel. finished.
turn off your outdoor lights when you are not using them. , don’t worry about bugs. buy a compact fluorescent light bulb. buy an outdoor compact fluorescent to replace your outdoor light bulbs when possible.
explore your family’s emotional history. avoid “ruminating” on negative emotions. recognize and challenge cognitive distortions. challenge self-esteem distortions. ask yourself what you’re really feeling. challenge your negative self-talk. practice self-compassion. practice mindfulness. practice deep breathing. practice progressive muscle relaxation. practice meditation. get enough sleep. exercise regularly.
wash your feet every day. clean your toenails. trim your nails. rub your feet with a nail file. rub away the dry skin. soak your feet. apply lotion to your feet once a day.
identify the date and time of your interview. contact an authorized physician. schedule the exam. read the instructions. gather required documents. understand what the exam will cover. get vaccinated. get the results. gather your travel documents. collect required certificates. gather financial documents. gather other documents. find other documents to bring. have documents translated. photocopy the interview document. visit the consulate or embassy. complete the interview. get a copy of your visa application. submit your application. receive your decision. schedule a follow-up interview, if necessary.
make garlic tea. drink garlic tea to treat colds and coughs. make garlic tea for a cold. make saffron.
choose a shape that you want to make the cake out of. cut the shape out. fill the cake pan with batter. place the cake in the fridge. finished.
eat whole grains. switch to a high-fiber brand of cereal. sprinkle flaxseed seeds on your cereal. enjoy a bowl of oatmeal. make a breakfast burrito.
get rid of your debts. save up your money. get your family involved. grow food and water. protect your home from the elements. take care of your family's medical needs. learn how to make money. don't panic if your country, country, or country goes into super-inflation.
decide if you want to build or buy an existing pharmacy. research the needs of the local population. choose a location for your pharmacy. talk to other small business owners. hire an accountant. consider hiring a business adviser. create a business plan. get a business license. obtain necessary licenses and permits. apply for a federal tax identification number (ein). apply for state and local licenses. open your pharmacy for business.
melt the chocolate in a double boiler. stir in the rice cereal. spoon the mixture into cupcake tins. refrigerate until hard.
blot up spills as soon as they occur. use ammonia to remove organic stains. remove rust stains with lemon juice and salt. use alcohol and a cloth to remove paint and inks. use talcum powder.
determine the type of assets you wish to manage. identify the components of your business that will need to be managed by the software. choose the asset management software that best meets your needs. try out the software before you buy it. make sure that the software includes all the features you need. install the software on your system as directed.
use the boo radar. learn the color codes. listen for the beeps. avoid the bombs and boo replicas. when you find a boo, it will be right near you. if you get hit by a bomb, you will lose some hp. save after every boo you get.
go to https://www.facebook.com. click on the request you want to send extra lives to. click “accept” to accept the request. , wait for the game to load. go to the request page. click the “send extra lives” button.
read the florida statutes on alimony. choose the type of alimony that best suits your situation. understand how alimony is determined. gather information about your marriage and finances. contact an attorney. ask about the attorney's experience in alimony cases. prepare for your consultation. discuss the pros and cons of your case. make a request for an alimony evaluation. discuss your case with the attorney. sign a settlement agreement.
visit facebook. log into your facebook account. click your name at the top right corner of the page. click the photos tab. create a new album. select the photos you want to upload. click “upload” to begin uploading the photos. wait for the upload to finish. view the “about” screen. rename the album. add a title. add tags. select a location. click create album.
educate yourself about socialism. fight oppression of all types. work for equal pay and benefits at work. consider joining a trade union. work in the union staff. join a worker cooperative.
log into your stumbleupon account. invite your friends to stumbleupon. post the stumbleupon link to your facebook wall. invite friends on twitter to stumble upon your twitter feed. stumble upon other stumblers' profiles to meet them as friends. browse and stumble upon websites you like. search for a stumbler to add them as a friend. discover your favorite topics to find friends who share interest in the same topic as you.
know that australia is located in the southern hemisphere of the world. australian culture is a semi-arctic climate. consider the high season and low season of the year when you're planning to travel to sydney. plan to travel in the summer when the weather is warm and the crowds are high. travel in june through april when the crowds and temperatures are high, but the humidity is high. plan a trip in the fall or winter when the temperatures and crowds are low and the costs are at their lowest.
perform the superman stretch. do the donkey stretch. perform the bridge stretch. try the tricep pull-down stretch.
grip the pool cue with your dominant hand. lower your body to the table. place your other hand near the cue ball. make a bridge with your hand. place the cue on the spot you want to hit. slide the cue forward. take your shot. use a closed bridge if you don't have enough room for a traditional bridge. try a bridge on the side of the rail if you can't make a traditional one. use your thumb to help guide your shot if you need to use the rail. practice your shot with a partner if you're a beginner. finished.
avoid messy foods. avoid foods that make a lot of noise when you chew. steer clear of stinky or spicy foods. measure your food to the size of your hand or fist.
use a rolling pin to flatten the fondant. cut out five circles. fold the circles in half. fold each circle in half again to form a quarter circle. turn the petals so that the pointed corners face each other. mix cornstarch and powdered sugar. apply the paste to the corners and corners. press the petal into the center of the flower. allow the flower to dry.
go to the start menu and click on tools. click on accounts. , click on POP3 e-mail. select the account that you would like to access. , select settings. select mail settings. choose whether or not to leave the mail in the server or delete it. select send/receive. click the check box entitled send/ receive. click ok. select new mail and click continue. select groups and click next. select a group that contains your pop3 account. select more settings under the advanced tab. select schedule an automatic send and receive schedule. enter a time lapse for receiving and receiving. click continue to the next step.
choose the 12/24 hour time format. change the time and date. set the alarm mode. choose between alarm 1 and 2.
braid the right section over the left section. add a little more hair to each side. repeat the process on the other side. finish with a regular braid at the end. finished.
visit allbreedpedigree.com. enter your horse's name. click on the name of the horse you want to check. view the horse's pedigree.
decide when you want to apply for your university course. decide whether you want a part-time or full-time degree. decide where you would like to live. think about your lifestyle. decide if you are willing to live in a city or a small town. consider whether you are open to working while you are studying. research universities that offer your preferred course. consider the qualifications of the universities you are interested in. decide which universities are in the russell group and which ones in the rossell group. , make a list of universities that you are most likely to apply to. , visit the university of your choice. talk to people at the university you are applying to. do some research about the university before you apply.
turn on your samsung galaxy device. access the kids mode widget. select the widget from the list of available widgets. tap on “kids mode.” this is located at the top right corner of the home screen. , download kids mode. install the widget. open the widget again. set a 4-digit pin. enter your kid’s name and birth date. select applications for your kid to play. finish the setup. go to the kids screen. select apps for your child to play with. tap the “go to parental control” button. manage your child's activity. close the parental control menu. exit kids mode when your child is done playing with the app(s).
draw a circle. draw an oval. add a small space in the center of the oval. draw another oval in the space between the two ovals. , draw the bat's bat-symbol on top of the rectangle. , erase the guidelines for the bat. , add the bat wings. , refine the shape of the wings. draw the dark knight's eyeslits. add the chest emblem.
navigate to the website you want to save as a pdf. click the "file" menu and select "save as pdf". select the location in which you want the pdf to be saved. select the layout of the pdf. select a name and location for the file. click "save" to save the pdf file.
write down all of your assignments and their due dates. create a schedule. set aside time to do homework each night. use breaks in your schedule to help you get more done. ask for help when you need it. don’t multitask. set goals and reward yourself when you succeed.
open the discord app. sign in to your discord account. tap the board you want to archive. tap “options”. select “archive” from the options menu. tap "delete board” to delete the board.
choose your beads, gems, or crystals. apply eyelash glue to one side of your bead, gem, or crystal. use a pair of tweezers to hold your fake surface piercings in place.
gather a group of players. start with the ace of spades face up in the middle of the circle. have each player draw a hand of cards. the first player takes his/her turn. the player to the left of the ace goes first. the next player takes a turn with a card of the next rank. continue playing until all the cards in the deck are gone. the game ends when the player who bluffed must pick up all of the cards from the pile. the winner of the game is the player with the most 2s.
determine if you live in your home state. determine if you are a “resident” or “non-resident.” you may not need to live in the state for tax purposes. determine your “part-year” resident status if you moved your home during the year. identify your military home state if you’re in the military. identify the state in which you earned your income. determine whether you need to file a tax return in a remote state. check if you qualify for a tax exemption. find the correct form to file your taxes. complete your tax return as required.
combine the salt and coconut oil. stir in the grapefruit essential oil. store the scrub in a glass jar in a cool, dry place. finished.
learn to say "no.", be kind to others. think before you act. cut ties with negative influences. be open to change. have freedom. develop your skills. know what success means to you. educate yourself. be active.
write down the coordinates of the x and y coordinates. write down the values of the y and x coordinates. set up a relation d = {1, 2, 5}. understand how a function works with a relation. finished.
go to the uber fare estimate page. click on the fare estimate link. , select a vehicle type. , click on a fare estimate. , enter the vehicle type you want to check the fare for. , find the "fares and fees" section. finished.
make sure your measurements are in the same scale. find the area of the base and the height of the regular prism. multiply square footage by the height. convert surface area and radius to cubic footage if you're given a sphere. use the formula for cubic footage to find the volume of a garden. answer the question with the correct answer in cubic feet. use cubic feet to find cubic footage when building a house or a garden bed.
acknowledge your part in the rift. empathize with your parents. try to see the pain your parents are going through. don’t place blame. choose a place to meet. be honest about your feelings. apologize if you need to. let go of your expectations. listen to what your parents have to say. accept that you may not be able to change things right away. forgive your parents for the things they’ve done to hurt you. forgive yourself.
take the pill three times a day. use dried artichoke leaves if you can’t take a pill. talk to your doctor if you have a medical condition that can be treated.
improve the way you think. be a better person to others. take care of your body.
make sure that your level has a lot of replay value. make sure your level is high-quality. make a first-time level if you want to get some play. don't make the same level twice in a row if you have time.
determine how much leave you have accrued. talk to your human resources department. check your union's collective bargaining agreement. find out your company's policy on leave requests.
use strong passwords. use a password manager. don't tell people your password. change your passwords regularly. use two-factor authentication. read the privacy policy of the website or service you're using. log out of your account when you're done using it. watch out for phishing scams. avoid entering login information on pages that ask for it in order to share information.
use a knife to loosen the sides of the cake. use a spatula to lever the base out. flip the pan upside down over a serving plate. bash the base of the pan against a countertop. try to force the cake out. remove the cake by force.
manage your load. bring a phone with a mapping app or gps. carpool with a friend. combine errands when possible.
boil the water. soak the paper filter in hot water. measure out the coffee. place the grounds in the pour over brewer. pour hot water over the grounds. let the coffee filter down.
recognize the symptoms of scabies. make an appointment with your doctor. treat the itching on your own. get a prescription for a mite-killing cream or lotion. try an herbal remedy. apply a topical cream. wash your hands often. keep your skin clean. avoid contact with the affected area. clean your bedding and beddingding. protect your skin from the sun.
determine why you want to take a working holiday. research possible places to go to and work. figure out your budget for the working holiday before you make a decision.
know that you have a lot of squad members. make sure you know how to use each class. if you are in a vehicle, always have a support guy with you. know the different types of squad types: one support: which is what i explained.
talk to someone else. play on your phone. hide your computer. play online games on the internet. draw. use an app. read a book. play a game with a coworker. have an office paper-throwing competition. learn to origami. finished.
open the google maps app. tap ☰. tap the search bar. type in the name of a business or address. tap search. tap a location's name. tap done. tap ⋮. tap settings. tap web & app activity. select a label. tap +. tap add to your places.
find exp. share if you have more than 35 pokémon. share when you have 50 or more pokémons. battle your opponent. give the exp share back.
stay in touch with his family. connect with other navy girlfriends. keep yourself busy. be patient. be honest with each other. talk about your feelings with your sailor. don’t be afraid to ask for support from others.
make flash cards. make concept cards. use your concept cards to quiz yourself. take practice tests on your lecture notes regularly.
type the person's name into the facebook search field. enter an email address or phone number. search for people with shared interests. try guessing the profile url. browse through a friend's friends to find a friend.
place a saucepan on the stovetop. pour the milk into the saucepan. place the pan on a medium heat setting. heat the milk over medium-low heat. stir the milk frequently as it heats up. remove the pan from the stove once the milk has reached a simmer. allow the milk to cool to room temperature before using it in your recipe. finished.
stop drinking. let yourself vomit if you need to. eat something. drink water. get in some physical activity. wait for your body to process the alcohol completely.
download and install the infrarecorder program. insert a blank cd or dvd into your computer. right-click on the disc and select "open disc/dvd image". click the "copy to disc image" button. drag the disc into the disc drive. click the .save as... button. select the location you want to save your iso file. wait for the copy to complete. find your new iso file in your drive.
gather your materials. apply the liquid latex to your skin. apply tissue paper to the area where you want to create the wound. add more layers of tissue paper. rip open a hole in the tissue and latex. apply liquid foundation. add eyeshadow and blood.
make sure you can see through the bunker. make sure your bunk is covered. if you're a higher level sniper, make sure you have a place where you can keep safe behind a wall, but be careful not to pierce the wall. make it wide.
preheat the oven and cook the sausage. stir in the spinach and sausage. spread the marinara sauce in a pan. layer the ravioli in the pan and add the sauce and spinach. bake the lasagna.
vacuum the leather. make a soap and water solution. apply the solution to a soft cloth. wipe the leather gently. wipe off the solution. dry the leather with a clean, dry cloth.
understand the purpose of challenging words. challenge a word right after it is placed. make sure that the word is invalid before making a challenge. use a dictionary.
use the following phrases to say goodbye to people: "hello" - british. use the following words to say farewell to people in other languages: "hi" - chinese. use these phrases to tell people goodbye.
earn a bachelor's degree. get a master's degree in a related field. get experience in college counseling. gain experience working with young students. work for a college or university. join a professional organization. attend a training program. consider working for a private firm. decide if you want to work part-time or full-time. network.
look for a modern siamese cat. check for an applehead cat. look for a cat with a rounded, almost apple-shaped head and body.
educate yourself about suicide as a social issue. educate others about suicide. educate people about the risk factors and warning signs of suicide. become part of the suicide prevention movement in your community. encourage people to know what resources are available to them if they are considering suicide. encourage others to share information about suicide prevention with their friends and family.
cut the watermelon into rounds. remove the rind. cut the rounds into shapes, if desired. cut out the rounds and serve. , finished.
decide when you’re ready to tell someone your secret. make a detailed plan about how and when to tell. try not to think about the secret too much. consider telling someone if the secret is making you upset. choose the right person to tell carefully.
call your internet service provider and set up your account. connect your pc to a telephone jack. turn on your pc. go to the main desktop page. look for the icon that says “my computer”. enter the control panel. open the network connections panel. create a new connection. click on the first icon. click the next button. type in your isp name then click next. enter your user name. fill in the rest of the boxes. the last box is for your phone number. you should now be on the main login page. , click the finish button. , type in the password. you are now ready to log on to the internet.
prepare the ingredients for making the relish. peel and chop the vegetables. add the chopped vegetables to the saucepan. pour in the remaining ingredients. bring the mixture to the boil. remove from the heat. remove the peppers from the peppers. sterilize the jars for canning. pour the mixture into the sterilized jars. place the jars in the boiling water. remove when the jars have cooled down to room temperature. store in the refrigerator for up to 12 hours before serving. finished.
maintain a healthy lifestyle. eat a healthy diet. take care of your body. take vitamin a supplements. get a prescription for botox to treat dynamic wrinkles. consider more elaborate procedures if you have scars and blotches on your skin.
boil the veggies and noodles. remove the pot from the heat. drain the water from the veggies. heat the sauce. add the remaining ingredients to the pot. stir in the pimientos and cook the ingredients. serve and enjoy. finished.
determine how far forward the car seat will rest from the desk chair base. remove the old padding from the chair. take off the old back support. remove all the bolts holding the back support in place. measure the width of your steel box section. take the distance from the front of the chair base to the back of your box section, and divide this distance by two. cut the steel box-section into six equal lengths. cut each of these lengths out. position the sections on your subframe. clean up the mating surfaces. check the fit. weld the sections into place. clean the base. cut two holes in the base for the seat rails. drill the holes for the bolts. cut out the bolts from the box section using a cutting disc. fit the bolts into the holes you've just drilled. clamp the bolts in place with a bolt clamp. slide the seat into place on top of the subframe and secure it with a clamp. put the seat back support back on the chair and tighten the bolts to hold it in place, if you haven't already done so. , attach the seat to the sub frame. add the seat rail to the chair, if desired. test it out.
place the dollar on a flat surface. , fold the dollar in half diagonally. fold the bottom of the dollar up to the middle crease you just made on the outer edge of the shirt. , make the collar. fold one of the sides of the collar into the middle of the fold you made in step 5. make a fold in the center of the bottom crease to make the sleeves. fold each side of the “sleeves” back into place to form a “necklace.” finished.
check if you qualify for fmla. determine if you are eligible to take family leave if you have a newborn or adopted a child. check if you can take leave to care for a sick family member. take leave for your own health problem. check to see if leave is available while a family member is on active duty. get the appropriate form. call the dol or visit a dol office. complete the form. provide information about your job. provide your relationship to the family member you are caring for. provide additional information about the family members you are care for. sign the form and submit it to the department of labor (dol). submit the form to the appropriate agency. receive your employer’s response. file an appeal, if necessary. attend a hearing, if required. receive a decision from the employer. file a lawsuit, if applicable.
discuss the scope of the work to be done. come up with a schedule. decide who will pay for the subcontractor's materials. agree on the payment terms. identify the parties to the agreement. describe the responsibilities of the general contractor and subcontractor. include any contingencies in the contract. specify who is responsible for inspections and other prerequisites. set milestones for payment. include a severability clause. consider including a choice of law clause. include an indemnity clause. add a dispute resolution clause. insert signature blocks. show the agreement to the property owner. sign the agreement in front of a notary public. give the contract to the appropriate parties. distribute copies to all parties.
remain calm. speak to your horse in a calm voice. control your own emotions and emotions.
draw a circle with a pencil. draw a line from the top of the circle to the bottom of the fish bowl. draw another line 1⁄4 centimeter (0.1 in) below the first one. draw the sides of the bowl. add the bottom line. add some details to your fish bowl, if desired. erase the pencil lines, and you are done. , decorate the inside of your bowl. enjoy your fishbowl!
make contact with the organizer of the event. decide what you want to accomplish. practice good body language. bring business cards and business cards. bring a pen and paper. practice a persuasive speech. dress professionally. wear a business card or business card. carry a pen or pencil with you at all times. shake hands with right handed people. stick with a group of three or more people. stand in groups of three. pick out people to talk to ahead of time. ask your friends to introduce you to people. start a conversation. start with a simple question. ask questions about the event or the organizer. listen. be patient. don’t take it too personally.
choose the right shoes. add a vest. throw on a leather jacket. wear a studded jacket. try on a hat. try out a scarf. finished.
understand what a percent solution means. determine the volume of the solution you want to make. calculate the number of grams needed. weigh out the desired mass. mix the solution in a container.
harvest yams and sweet potatoes. harvest ginger. harvest sweet potatoes and yams. harvest yam. harvest the ginger. know when to harvest other vegetables. finished.
find a quiet, comfortable place to meditate. choose a few objects to focus on. close your eyes and take a deep breath. examine the object.
cut the food into small pieces. mix it in with other foods. cover the food with something else. drink something to wash it down. season the food. breathe through your nose. eat only as much as you need.
go to http://www.wpi.org/downloads/wpi-launcher.php. click on the 'download wpi launcher' button. follow the on-screen instructions. wait for the installation to complete. launch wpi. select 'tiki' from the list of installed applications. , enter in the information that you have been given. click 'install'. wait for your installation to finish. go to the 'install' screen. find the database that you are going to install tiki on your computer. check the box that says 'install successful'. launch your tiki. check your database.
identify the items you want to wash with color-safe bleach. wash the items in hot water. add oxygen bleach to the water. wash items in the washing machine as usual cycle.
gather your supplies. cut the elastic thread into five strips. thread the five strips of elastic thread together. add the pearl beads. add a clasp ring to the end of each strip. continue threading and adding clasp rings until you have made five bracelets. glue the silk flower to the back of your silk flower bracelet.
use the pet’s current bedding. use a pillow that has your scent on it to fill the suitcase.
figure out what your child is afraid of. make the water more enticing. take a bath with your child. adjust the temperature of the water. explain to your child that the drain is not a black hole.
make a strawberry vinaigrette. make an italian salad dressing. make a marmalade salad. create a miso salad dressing for soba noodles. make veggie salad.
decide what type of photography you want to do. know how to take a good shot. experiment with different types of photography to improve.
feed your goats a healthy diet. have your vet give your goats the "bose" shot. keep your goats away from certain plants. groom your goats once a month. trim your goat's hooves once a week.this is the best way to prevent infection.
heat the oil or butter in a large skillet. peel and slice the plantains. fry until golden-brown on both sides. add the sugar, salt, and pepper to taste. drain the oil from the plantain. serve immediately or serve as a side dish. finished.
preheat your oven to 350°f (177°c). , wash and dry the mushrooms. cut the mushrooms into 1-inch (2.54-centimeter) thick slices. melt 2 tablespoons of butter in a frying pan over medium-high heat. add the mushrooms and the rest of the butter to the pan. stir in the salt, pepper, and garlic. fry the mushrooms until they start to brown. remove the mushrooms from the heat and let them cool. transfer the mushrooms to a bowl or onto a plate. serve the mushrooms immediately.
understand the difference between a watercolor tattoo and a regular tattoo. think about using black lines. be prepared for the tattoo to fade. look up watercolor tattoos. figure out what you want your tattoo to represent. pick an area on your body to get the tattoo. come up with a design. find a tattoo artist. pick a clean studio. get an estimate of how much it will cost. have the tattoo artist sketch it in. care for it.
make a list of your positive qualities. practice self-esteem. avoid negative thoughts. make a difference. find a friend. see a therapist. join a support group. report discrimination at school or university. report it to a higher authority. follow the laws and regulations. file a police report. speak up if you suspect someone is being discriminated. report the incident to the eeoc. report to the police. speak out against discrimination at work or school. be assertive.
understand what a "semi-formal" dress code is. know what to wear. know the basics. wear black tie. make sure that your clothing matches the rest of your outfit. be formal. finished.
look out for dizzy symptoms. notice any other symptoms. sit or lie down. lean against a wall. angle your body towards a wall as much as you can. move to the outer rail. call for help. get medical assistance as soon as possible.
have a neighborhood web day. host a web day at your house. encourage your family to use the internet. start a neighborhood mailing list. start your own neighborhood blog. organize a neighborhood forum. join the national association for internet access to the public. if you live in a city that does not have an internet access party, organize one in your neighborhood.
take a driver's education class, if you are older than 16 years old. obtain an oklahoma driver's license application form. take the written test. bring a copy of your driver's id. bring your proof of identity. have a parent sign an affidavit. pass the reading test. apply for a class d, or standard license. pay the class d application fee. take and pass the driving test if you fail the first time. get a restricted license if you're over 21 years old, over 61 years old or if you live in an area where driving is illegal. apply to get a special permit if you want to drive with an adult over age 21 in the front passenger's seat, or with a licensed driver in the back seat.
decide what kind of journal your child would like to write in. get the supplies you need for the journal. if you choose to go the paper route, make sure you have enough pages for your child to fill in their journal. ask your child what they want to write about in the journal and let them write it down. set a time to do the journal each night. keep the journal entries short and sweet. if your child is old enough, you can make a scrapbook for them to write their memories in so they can look back on it later on.
purchase a multi-step scratch remover kit. purchase a polish that is specifically designed to remove scratches from your ipod. check the product’s safety before you use it on your ipods.
tell your crush what you appreciate about him or her. listen to your crush. ask your crush about his or her life. invite your crush out.
set up a one-on-one meeting. explain why you are having the conversation. lay down the rules and consequences. discuss a solution to the issue. address any questions or concerns the employee may have. make copies of everything. monitor the employee's progress.
purchase strawberries from a local nursery or garden center. cut the strawberries into 1” (2.5 cm) pieces. , place the strawberries in a plastic container. , fill the container with potting soil. , sprinkle the seeds over the soil. cover the seeds with a thin layer of mulch. place the container in a warm spot. keep the soil moist during the winter. cover your planter with plastic. remove the plastic once the seedlings start to grow. thin the plants.
know the area. know where you're going. wear the right clothes. be stealthy. get a buddy. be fast. know when to run and when to stay still. don't be afraid to lie. find a good hiding spot. learn some basic skills. never carry a weapon. wear gloves. wear rubber shoes. dress appropriately for the environment. be aware of your surroundings. if you get caught, don't make a scene out of it. , don't do anything illegal. be careful not to get in trouble. , if you do get arrested, be sure to get out of there as soon as possible.
make sure you have all of your paperwork with you when you get to the border. don’t be late to the front of the line.
check your contract. find the appropriate state court. locate the correct court. fill out your summons and complaint. make copies of all the required documents. file your complaint and summons with the clerk of court. have the documents served on the person you’re suing and have them served.
pull over to the side of the road. get the dog’s attention. try to coax the dog to you. use food to entice the dog. leave the car door open. sit or lie down to make yourself less threatening. encourage a dog to run off the road in another direction.
apply an absorbent to the stain. apply solvent to the back of the garment. place the garment on a paper towel. let the garment dry. wash the garment immediately.
gather your materials. choose a seed. label the cups. prepare the shoebox. fill the cups with soil. plant the seeds. water the soil. place the cups in the shoe box. create a shoot cap. make a base cap. wait for the plants to sprout. put the caps on the plants. note which flowers lean toward and away from the sun. understand why the flowers lean in the direction of the light. observe the flowers.
choose fresh, high-quality salmon. decide if you want to use alcohol. choose your cure ingredients. rinse and dry the salmon. lay the salmon skin-side down on a baking sheet. remove the pin bones. coat the salmon with the cure mixture. wrap the salmon tightly in plastic wrap. place a second sheet of plastic wrap on top. refrigerate the salmon for at least three days. slice the salmon horizontally. rinse the salmon under cold water. place the salmon on a cutting board. cut the salmon into thin slices. serve the salmon immediately. store the salmon in the refrigerator until you're ready to use it. use the gravlax immediately.
arrange the cards in a circle. deal seven cards to each player. place the remaining cards face-down in the discard.
switch to organic foods. eat more fruits and vegetables. include fish in your diet. choose grass-fed meat over red meat if you don’t want to eat a lot of red meat.
understand what makes you laugh. listen. put yourself in the other person's shoes. look at the news. think about something sad. use your teeth. hold your breath. exhale. try a combination of techniques. try biting your tongue. distract yourself. do a mental calculation. get the joke out of your head. do something else. find something funny. talk to someone you trust. don't laugh at yourself. get help if you need it.
contact a probation office. find out where the probation office is located. call the office. ask to speak to the person.
tell them that they have only a few tickets left. tell them about an upcoming event. tell your parents that you are unique. explain to them that you don't want them to spend too much time with each other. give them a reason to go out. make them smell of something that they don't like. if they say no, tell them that it's okay to stay home alone for a little while. don't be cruel. write them a poem. ask them to be very quiet when you are alone. if all else fails, just tell them directly that you want to be alone. ask your parents to go to the cinema or concert.
prepare the bottle. cut a fringe around the bottom of the bottle using a sharp pair of scissors or a craft blade. cut two slits into the bottle for the fringe. cut some thin strips of tape and place them against the edge of your table. cover the fringe with tape. flare the fringe out using a hair dryer. wait for the plastic to cool. trim the rim of the cauldron down. tape the rim to the rim. paint the outside and the rim with black primer. consider varnishing the rim, if desired. punch two holes in the rim for the handle. bend a piece of wire into a c shape and fold it over the top of your cauldron. consider adding some stickers and/or glitter. consider decorating with some candy or candies. finished.
discuss the benefits of crm software with all relevant departments of the company. focus on the needs of the business as a whole, not just the sales or client relations department.
try a retinoid treatment. consider laser treatment. ask your doctor about accutane, a prescription acne medication.
see if you can't stop thinking about him. see if you always want more time with him. determine if you're jealous of him when he's with other girls. see whether you think everything about him is great or amazing.
make ginseng tea. garnish with parsley. add garlic to your diet. cook with rosemary and other herbs.
don’t lie. keep it light. avoid talking about your ex’s past. avoid judging. be careful with your sexual history.
get the latest trends. get the clothes. get some accessories. now you're ready to go out and have fun!
make sure your phone supports one of the mobile wallet services. set up your mobile wallet. tap “register” in the uber app. enter your personal information. tap the “get started” button at the bottom of the screen. select the type of uber vehicle you want to use. tap on the vehicle type to view details about the ride. select your destination from the drop-down menu. enter the address of your destination in the search results. tap "request uber" to book your ride. wait for your driver to arrive.
look for a vertical ridge in your abdomen. go see your doctor if you see the ridge. ask your doctor to check for umbilical or epigastric hernias.
be patient. go outside and get some light. make sure that the eyes are well-defined and sharp. get your pet to stand in the middle of the scene. if you are shooting a person, make sure they are facing away from the camera. get a close-up shot. if your pet is active, show him or her in a position that makes for a good shot. get them to look at you, not at the camera, when you are taking the photo. shoot your pet when they are in a good mood. don't be afraid to experiment. remember that not every pet is going to be photogenic.
take as many history classes as you can. decide what you want to study. think about other career options. talk to your professors. narrow down your list. contact potential graduate programs. reach out to current faculty members. contact the program’s admissions committee. apply to a ph.d. in your junior year. complete your dissertation. write a strong statement of purpose. prepare for the oral examination. take the graduate record examination. complete the application. submit your application. wait for your acceptance letter. write your dissertation proposal. prepare a strong cover letter. defend your dissertation in the dissertation.
determine why you want to learn arabic.there are a number of reasons why people learn arbic, but the most important one is to be able to understand the language and to use it in everyday life. find resources to help you learn arabi. take an online course. learn some basic words and phrases. learn a few phrases to get started.you can also learn some phrases that are commonly used in the middle eastern world, such as: hello: salam.
decide on a theme. choose your fish. pick out the gravel. choose the plants. choose a main decoration. add decorations. add a background. add coral reefs or plants. add the fish. enjoy your new aquarium.
understand grief. express your feelings. write it down. turn to your spirituality. don't let yourself go too long.
write the name of the newspaper article in the first line. write the publisher’s name in the second line. type the title of the paper in the third line. conclude with the url of the article.
wash the area. apply a hot towel. buy extra virgin olive oil. apply olive oil to the area you want to shave. shave the area with olive oil and water. rinse the area thoroughly. moisturize the area post-shave. oil your blade afterwards.
look for signs that a cow has been bred. look for signs of estrus activity. watch the behavior of the bull. look at the cow's or heifer's tail. watch for raised patches of fur on the cow or heifers. check the vulva of a female that has recently been bred for whitish discharge. catch the sight of a bull riding and ejaculating into one of the cows. watch to see if the bull mated with more than one cow at a time, or if he/she mated more than once.
design the body of your guitar. choose a wood for the guitar body. choose the rest of the parts you’ll need. purchase the necessary equipment. decide if you want to buy a pre-made neck or build it yourself. gather the necessary tools and equipment. consider buying an electric guitar kit. cut out the body. position the pickups and other hardware on the guitar. decide on a bridge length. drill a hole for the pickup cavity. install the pickups. connect the pickups to the bridge. attach the bridge and fretboard to the guitar, if desired. connect a cable to the pickup selector switch. attach a pickguard to the pickguard and string pegs.
understand the function of the bowling lane. learn about the pins. learn the terminology. understand the meaning of a frame. understand how a game is structured. learn how to score. find a place to bowl. buy a pair of bowling shoes. get a bowling alley membership. find someone to bowl with. practice. practice at home. practice in front of a mirror. practice with a partner. practice on your own.
make your bed every morning. donate or throw away clothing you don’t wear. clean frequently throughout the day. create a cleaning schedule for your home and stick to it.
shut off the water to your toilet. flush the toilet. remove the supply hose and remove the tank. take out the old flush valve. clean the surface of the toilet tank. install the new valve. cut the overflow pipe to the correct height. attach a new rubber gasket to the valve. reattach the hose. put the toilet back together. attach the new supply hose to the filler valve. inspect the toilet for leaks. check the water level in the toilet bowl. adjust the valve if water does not rise to the desired level. make adjustments to the flapper if the valve does not raise or fall to the level.
launch netflix. sign into your netflix account. open the menu. tap “settings.” once the app loads, tap the menu button. change the wi-fi settings.
keep the plant warm. keep the plant well watered. fertilise the plant every year or two. take cuttings from the plant to grow new ones the next year.
decide on the rules of the contest:[topic1] decide on the type of contest you want to have. set up a date and time for the contest. , set up the rules. get the contest approved. hang up the posters. collect the donations. divide the entries into categories. narrow the categories. display the top three photos.
identify the “transactions” section of your statement. review your payment information. note any changes in your interest rate or penalty rates. report any unauthorized charges as soon as possible. identify the types of transactions you made during the billing period. keep track of your interest charges.
log into google analytics. add a goal. define the goal. create a goal funnel. enter the details of your goal. set the goal details.
understand the rubik's cube system. identify the top face of the cube.use the r' f r' r' b' b2 r f' f', f', 2b, 2b. find the color that is on the side closest to you.do the following algorithm: r, u, r, r', u, 2u. , identify the color on the bottom face.use one of the following sequences to move the color to the top: f, u', f, f, l, l. , look at the color in the middle of the top layer.do a "u-turn" to turn the color so that it is now on the top.look at the bottom of the bottom layer and identify the face that is disoriented.repeat the previous two steps with the next color.repeat with the other color. , repeat with the last color. look at your cube and identify a pattern.repeat this process until you have a pattern that looks like the one shown in the picture. identify a color that has two sides that are facing up and down.look for a pattern with two sides facing down and one side facing up. rotate the side that does not have these two down to the bottom. orientate the top and bottom sides the right way up. place the corners into the chosen face. move a white piece to a white face. place a yellow piece on top of a top face. solve the yellow and white faces. scramble the cube if you can't find the pattern. congratulations!
identify the body that created the law. determine how the law was created. understand what the purpose of the law is. distinguish between constitutional and non- constitutional law. understand the scope of constitutional law in the united states. understand that constitutional law supersedes all other legislation. understand how constitutional law applies to everyday life. identify the difference between constitutional law and common law. identify limitations on the power of the government. consider whether the law conflicts with the constitution. analyze the purpose and scope of non-constitutional law. consider the role of the courts. consider other factors of government power.
preheat the oven to 350 degrees fahrenheit (175 degrees celsius). melt the butter. mix the sugar and cinnamon. dip the butter into the melted butter. sprinkle the cinnamon mixture over the butter mixture. bake for 20 minutes. finished.
clean the joints of the flute. warm up your flute by playing it in a warm, dry place for a few minutes. use the cleaning rod to remove any moisture from the pads. use a soft cloth or a cotton swab to clean the keys. clean the inside of the body of the instrument with a soft, soft cloth. clean under the keys with a pad paper or a piece of clean cigarette paper. keep the pad and bladder of the key dry. store the flutes in a safe place when you are not using it. check the keys for stickiness. make sure that the keys lift up when you press them. check for a spring if a key fails to lift up. check to see if your flutes are in tune. check your cork for leaks and leaks. finished.
educate yourself about your child’s native culture. share information about their native culture with your adopted child. maintain a positive relationship with your children. enroll your child in a racially diverse school. celebrate their birth culture's holidays. decorate your home with native items. encourage your child to share the history and culture of their ancestral land at their school events.
choose the right varnish. choose the right wood. check the flame. make sure the fingerboard and neck are in good condition. choose a good bridge. test out the strings. get the right fittings. locate the f-hole and sound post.
open the app store on your iphone. type “zedge” into the search bar at the top of the screen. tap “get” to download the zedge app. tap the “search” button to search for a ringtone. plug your phone into your computer. open itunes. tap your phone’s icon. select “ringtone” from the drop-down menu. select the ringtone you want to sync. tap "add ringtone" on the left side of the page. select your ringtone from the list of available tones. wait for the chime to chime when prompted.
know that there is nothing you can do or say that will hurt the other person or situation to hurt you. know that you are not responsible for what is happening to you or to the person or situations that is upsetting you. clean up your environment. be sure you are in a good mood. find a quiet place where you won't be disturbed. think of all the reasons why you are angry, disappointed, sad, disappointed and/or sad. write down all the thoughts that come to your mind. write them down in a journal or on a piece of paper. look at your journal or diary after five minutes.
go to https://www.gmail.com in a web browser. , sign in to your gmail account. enter the date you want to delete. click the search bar. type in "inbox before:". click ⋮. click trash. click empty trash.
spray the spot with a spray bottle. press the spray bottle on the urine stain. spray the spot again with a water-based sprayer. sprinkle baking soda on the spot. let the baking soda sit for a few minutes. use a special cleanser. finished.
contact the dps. gather required documents. submit proof of your marriage or divorce. submit two documents from two different companies. submit a copy of your social security number. mail your completed application and supporting documents to the appropriate address.
choose trouser-cut pants for business settings. pick skinny jeans for a casual look. try straight-leg pants for a versatile look. look for a pair of leggings that you can wear to the gym and on the go.
turn the sofa upside down. look under the sofa for base bars. remove the base bars with a drill. have someone help you remove the last bar, if necessary.
keep moving. equip the hammer. use the hammer on moldorm’s tail. hit the red dot at the end of his tail. be patient.
open a savings account. create a budget with your partner. prioritize saving for your child’s education and retirement.
get some real-time medical terminology experience. look for a job outside of the home. advertise your services. create a strong resume. audition for a medical transcription position.
find out when the test is offered. register for the test. arrive early. get a good night’s sleep the night before the exam. pace yourself. read the question carefully. take notes on the question. answer the question as best you can. skip questions that you cannot answer or that you are having trouble with.
open the "disk cleanup" menu. select the drive that you want to clean. select files to delete. click "clean up.", check how much space you have freed up.
start with a blank sheet of paper. , write down the binary number you want to add. write the decimal number in the first slot. add the first digit from the left to the right. add each digit in the row from the right to the left. continue adding until you reach the end of the row. if you want, you can add more than one digit at a time, or you can skip a digit. you're done! , finished.
have a sense of humor. find out what the child likes to do. smile. talk to the child. take the child outdoors. go swimming. play games. watch a movie. hold the child's hand. buy them a disney beanie. read to them. be patient. color with them. bring your dog over. take them to the aquarium. be sensitive to their emotions. don't try to be too strict. have fun and relax.
combine all of the ingredients in a heat-safe container. place the container in the refrigerator. steep the noodles in boiling water for a couple of minutes. stir the noodles and ingredients together before eating.
don't apologize for your parents. remember that your parents' relationship is just as valid as any other relationship. don't put up with it. try to talk to the person who is making fun of your family. find true friends. join a support group for kids with gay parents. be proud of who you are. focus on yourself. consider talking to a counselor or counselor. talk to your parents about the harassment at school.
avoid deep fried dishes. choose healthy tortillas. use brown rice instead of white rice. add hot peppers and spices to your mexican dishes. use fresh vegetables as fillings. add salsa to your dishes. replace ground beef with ground turkey or chicken. opt for a leaner cut of meat. make enchiladas or tacos with fish. make fajitas or quesadillas with a healthier filling. choose a healthier side dish. make a healthier version of a classic dish.
remember that compromise is a team sport. weigh the pros and cons of the issue. brainstorm possible solutions. become more assertive in your relationship. be willing to compromise.
understand weighted eps. subtract the dividend from the company's profit. subtract net income from net income. divide by the number of shares outstanding. finished.
understand the basics of a hookah. clean your hookah before and after each use. check the stem tip. attach the shaft to the base. check for leaks. pack the shisha. cover the bowl with heavy-duty aluminum foil. poke holes in the bowl for the coals. choose the right size bowl and coals for your smoke. fill the bowl halfway with tobacco. place the bowl on top of the hot coals and light it. insert the hoses into the holes. wait for the smoke to reach your lungs. inhale through the hole.
llocate the audio-out port on your computer. connect your device to your computer's audio-in port. find the microphone jack. purchase an audio converter, if necessary. make sure your device is powered on and connected to a power source. connect the audio cable to your device's audio output port. test the audio output of your device. test out your new audio output.
use over the counter products that contain benzoyl peroxide, salicylic acid, resorcinol, and sulfur. make a paste with aspirin and water to remove blackheads. try other products that may be effective at removing blackheads, but are not recommended by your doctor. ask your doctor if you should use any of the following products if you are pregnant or breastfeeding: a cream containing 10% vitamin c (this is also found in many over-the-counter acne and rosacea creams and lotions, but is not approved by a doctor) a moisturizing lotion or gel.
place your filter and jar on top of the filter. place your scooping cup next to the jar. place the filter in the cup. slide your jar out. fill your coffee filter. fold the filter closed. press the filter into the stainless steel scooper. insert your first coffee pod. store your extra pods properly. store extra pods in an airtight container.
open the pages palette. add pages to your indesign document. add multiple pages at once.
open the image that you want to import into photoshop. right-click on the image and select "open as layer". click the "import" button. select the files that you would like to import. click "add to photoshop" to add the selected files.
understand what a secured credit card is. shop around for the best offer. find a credit company that will report your payments to the credit bureaus. compare interest rates and administrative fees. look for incentives. complete the application process. open a savings account with the bank that offers the credit card. pay your bills on time and keep up with payments.
remove any objects from the wall near the ceiling. protect the floor with painter's tape. decide whether to paint the ceiling or the walls first. allow the paint to dry completely before you begin. apply painter’s tape to the ceiling first. press the tape firmly against the ceiling with one hand. repeat the process until the entire ceiling is covered in tape. use a small bowl of paint instead of a standard painter's tray. apply paint to the bottom 1/2 inch to 1 inch (1.27 to 2.54 centimeters) of the brush. use an angle-in paintbrush. paint 2 inches (5.08 centimeters) down from the ceiling at first. roll the paint roller up to the top of the wall where it meets the ceiling, then paint the rest.
uninstall the candy crush app from your device. install candy crush from the app store. launch candy crush. connect to your facebook account. start playing candy crush again.
take a deep breath. identify the lesson you want to teach. connect with your child. redirect your child’s attention. teach empathy.
choose your clay. break the clay into smaller pieces. create the body of the dog. shape the head and snout. add the legs. form the tail. add details to your dog. preheat your oven to the right temperature and time. bake the clay dog. remove the dog from the oven when it is done baking. prepare your clay for painting. paint the dog with your choice of clay. paint your clay dog with acrylic paint. let the clay dry completely. allow the clay to dry completely before using it. finished.
find a safe place to cry. don’t make eye contact with anyone. cry as quietly as possible. do not feel bad about crying. let it all out. breathe.
determine if there are any changes in your horse's eating habits. evaluate your horse’s diet. look for signs of pain. get medical attention for dental problems.
keep children and pets away from the snake. spray the snake with a garden hose. remove a snake from your pool. set out an outdoor snake trap around your property.
launch plants vs zombies 2. tap on the daily event. complete the event. find the party piñatas.
water the tree regularly. mulch around the base of the tree. prune the tree as necessary. protect your apple tree from pests.
get into the finish position. get into the start position. push your body forward with your oar. pull your body up the slide. square your blade. drop the blade into the water. drive yourself with your legs. pull the oar handle back into your chest. , pull your arms out of the water by pushing your elbows away from your body so that your elbows are nearly locked. , come up the rest of the way.
keep your chickens safe from predators. keep your chickens away from plants that are toxic to chickens. keep an eye out for herbicides and herbicides. maintain your garden well. make sure that your chickens have access to a lot of grit.
cut the watermelon in half lengthwise. cut off the top of the flesh. cut the flesh into stars. , dip the stars in melted chocolate. use as required. make watermelon moon popsicles. finished.
understand that love is selfless. know that love does not have to be about liking the same things. understand that love isn't conditional. realize that being in love is not an obsession. recognize that love doesn't always come and go. ask yourself what you need in a relationship. understand the difference between love and attraction. understand love's depth.
commit small details to memory. eliminate distractions. keep a field journal. draw conclusions from your observations. practice coming to conclusions. practice meditation every day.
familiarize yourself with the basics of politics. get a college degree. develop the necessary skills. volunteer. apply for internships and jobs. get involved in local politics. work for a political party or organization.
lay the napkin flat on a flat surface. fold the bottom edge up to meet the top edge. fold all of the corners down. roll the top layer down. fold down the next layer. tuck in the corner. fold in the next corner. tucking in the last corner. crease the left edge. consider tucking something into the fold. finished.
prepare the beans for soaking. decide whether you want to soak the beans in a slow soak or a faster soak. boil the beans. remove the beans from the heat and allow them to soak for at least 1 hour. drain the beans and place them in a large cooking vessel. serve the beans immediately.
know if you can marry in nevada. gather the necessary documents. provide information about previous marriages. indicate your name change. fill out the application online. visit the marriage bureau in las vegas. have the application witnessed by an attorney. pick up the marriage license in person. renew your vows with your partner. change your name on the license. change the name on your children’s birth certificate, if applicable.
do some research. dress like a penguin. visit a zoo. watch a movie about penguins. try to avoid driving as much as possible. look at penguin pictures. donate to charity. talk to your friends and family members.
get a large enough tank. keep the water between 70 and 80 degrees fahrenheit. install a filtration system. clean the tank once a week. feed your fantails a high quality fish food. give your goldfish high-fiber veggies and tender aquarium plants. do not feed your fish too much at once. adjust the amount of food you give your fish. take your fantail goldfish to the vet for regular checkups. watch for signs of illness or illness. take care of your fantailing goldfish's health.
pay attention to the person’s body language. notice if the person rubs the palms of their hands against the back of their neck. look at their eyes to see if they are staring at you. notice whether the person is looking at something in the distance from you. pay attention to their blink rate. see if there is a difference in the speed at which the person looks at you when you are talking to them. pay close attention to what the person says to you. listen to the tone of their voice to get a better understanding of their thoughts.
play your reference e note on an instrument in tune. play the reference e string of your bass. tune your e string. tune the a string of the bass. play your d string. play a g string on a reference instrument. finished.
determine the type of bladder stone your cat has. feed your cat a diet low in the minerals from which the stone was formed. keep your cat's water bowl filled with fresh water. take your cat to the veterinarian for regular check-ups and follow-up appointments after the cat has recovered from surgery.
make a list of all the people who will be attending the dinner. decide on an accent colour for your table. choose a tablecloth. find a suitable tablecloth for the table. lay your tablecloth out on a flat surface. , fold the tablecloth in half, lengthwise. , place the napkins on top of the folded-in sheet. , lay out the silver, gold or plain white napkins. place cutlery on the table, if you have them. set the table with candles. add flowers. add christmas decorations. add a water jug. add condiments. add sparkles. decorate with velvet or silk ribbon. add petals. add other embellishments. add markers to your glasses. add silverware.
determine what kind of rose you have. prune your rose. gather your pruning tools. water the area around the rose. prepare the rose for pruning. re-tie the rose canes to the trellis. remove the rest of the canes. fertilize the area. remove dead, dying, or diseased growth. finish up.
read the ingredients on food items. substitute milk for milk. avoid breads and starches that contain lactose. watch out for hidden dairy products. talk to your doctor about your medications.
ask yourself, “who’s it?” ask yourself these questions: if you see this person with a group of friends, does he or she talk to you in front of other people?, ask yourself, "how often do i see him/her around me?", ask yourself if you think about this person a lot. consider if you have had sex with this person. ask yourself whether you feel jealous when they are around. think about whether they try to hang out with you in groups. consider whether they change their behavior around you. consider how they act around other friends. ask your friends if they’ve ever told you they like you in private.
decide what kind of cafe you are going to have. decide on the target market of your cafe. think about your budget. decide how big of a cafe would you want to have?, ask a marketing person for ideas. decorate your cafe, if you have no idea what to decorate it with, ask a friend or family member to help you. don’t forget to offer a loyalty program to your customers, this is the most important thing in any small budget cafe. have fun with your small budget small cafe!
learn the names of common oral steroids. look for the name of the pill on the label. search online for the pill name.
choose the right shampoo and conditioner. wait 2 to 4 days between shampoos. apply the conditioner directly to the scalp. condition your hair with a rinse-out.
make sure you have a bow and a sword. , kill the ghast with your bow. if you don't have a sword, use your bow to shoot at the face. kill it with a fireball if you have one. make sure that you have some arrows. build a bomb launcher if you can, as ghasts are hard to kill with a bow. , make sure your house is well-built and well defended.
locate the widest part of the shaft. measure the circumference of the boot shaft. take the measurement.
consider the intensity of your fear. learn some relaxation techniques. write down what you are afraid of. rank your fears on a scale of 1 to 10. face the items on your ranked lists. soothe yourself.
take the test. start the application process. once you've taken the test, you will receive a notice that you have been accepted into the program. , you will be given the opportunity to request an interview. you will get your interview.
understand the different types of pieces. learn the terms for the different faces. understand the difference between clockwise and counterclockwise rotations. understand that one letter plus an apostrophe means to rotate the face clockwise. understand how to turn the face 180º. learn which pieces the instructions refer to. put the white edge pieces around the white center of the cube. rotate the edge pieces to the middle of the next row. rotate each edge piece to the next bullet point. repeat until you reach the end of the row. repeat the process until you get to the other side of the white face. practice with a practice cube.
decide if you are goth or not. do your research. get the clothes. study. get a good grade in school. listen to goth music. don't force yourself to be goth. if you want to wear make-up, don't rush into it. remember that goth doesn't have to mean you have to give up all your hobbies. have fun being yourself.
acquire an oven. gather the ingredients needed to make the risotto.have the ingredients in your rucksack. walk to the oven on your kitchen counter. choose the ingredients that you need for the recipe. choose your ingredients. confirm your decision. finished.
use a sourdough starter. increase the density of the dough. add natural preservatives to the dough to reduce the amount of mold. add herbs and spices to the bread.
get a plastic cup and fill it with water. , get sticks. write the names of the students' names on the sticks. place the sticks in the cup of water. have the students fill the cup with water and wait for it to be filled.
apply a warm compress. rub oil on the affected area. use lotion. use acetone or nail polish remover. exfoliate the area. see a doctor if the treatment doesn't work.
connect your blackberry to your computer using a usb cable. download the blackberry theme file on your computer. copy the theme file to your blackberries. activate the theme using the theme manager on yourBlackberry phone.
practice the sport on your own. watch the sport with your parents. learn more about the sport. understand why your parents might object.
wear the fitbit on your dominant arm. leave a space between your wrist and the band. tighten the band when you need to. adjust the band to keep it in place. wear your fitbit elsewhere.
find a melon or a pumpkin in your garden. pick up the melons or pumpkins and place them in the garden. right click on the plant. wait for the plant to grow. harvest the melon/pumpkins.
get the bandage to stick better to your skin. overlap the adhesive strips. consider using a waterproof adhesive bandage. reinforce your bandage with non-adhesive wrappings. keep the wound from drying out. replace your bandages frequently. keep a wet bandage in place for as long as possible. don’t leave the bandages on for too long. know when to remove a wet or bandage-soaked bandage immediately.
look at the judges/coaches as if they are your friends.
look for accommodations. look for flexibility. look at how they treat their teachers. check out the salary. look out for perks and other perks.
get rid of items in your bedroom. organize your home office or desk. keep your kitchen organized. get organized in your closet. do regular cleanings of your home. keep a calendar. use a planner or a planner. make a to-do list. create a to do list. get rid of things you don’t need. delegate tasks.
make an appointment with your doctor. discuss your treatment options. ask your doctor about tricyclovic acid (tca) treatment. discuss the risks and benefits of tca treatment. have your doctor apply tca to the warts if you are a woman.
do not assume baby rabbits are orphaned. contact an animal rescue immediately. feed the baby rabbits on your own if you can.
get a shiny black pvc jumpsuit. create jagged stitching detail on the jumpsuit or top. make your own catwoman headpiece. get a pair of black gloves and claws. get some black boots. find some tight leather or wet look pants. find a black leather bra. add a black turtleneck sweater over the top of the top and pants. add the right accessories. accessorize the costume. put on the right makeup.
graduate from college with a bachelor's degree. apply for political internships. volunteer for a political campaign. get an entry-level job in politics. get involved in your community. improve your communication skills. network as much as you can. keep up to date with current events. be prepared for rejection.
draw a circle. draw a rectangle on top of the rectangle. draw two overlapping ovals on either side of the circle. add two ovals at the bottom of the scroll. draw some handles on the rolls. outline the scroll with a black ink. color in your drawing and you're done!
determine the strength of the gpu. determine the amount of memory the video card has. choose a video card with the right bus interface. choose the right display interface. decide if you want extra features. set a budget for your video card purchase.
go to http://www.launch4j.net/downloads. click the "download" button. double-click the downloaded file to open it. , open the file by double-clicking on the file. , click "open file" from the "file" menu. , double-check the "java version 1.4.0.0" box. click "browse...". , select your classes. select your export destination. choose your icon. download and install the launch4j compiler. run the executable file. double click the file and select "save as". , select the "export icon" option from the drop down menu. select the .ico icon file from the file menu. choose the .jar file type. , check the "include java 1.5.0 or later version". select the version of java you want to export. select a location for the file, and click "export". click "finish" to save your file.
stop using as soon as possible. prepare for a “cocaine crash.” a cocaine crash is when you experience severe withdrawal symptoms. go through detoxification. wait it out if you can't quit.
open your iphone's or ipad's photos. tap albums. tap the photo album. tap +. tap edit. tap red eye correction. tap and hold the eye you want to edit. swipe left or right on the screen. tap done. tap save in the upper-right.
understand what an individual is!, decide what your personality is!, dress the way you like!, personalize your clothes!, get the right shoes!, be yourself!, express your individuality through music!, express yourself through hobbies!, don't care what other people think!, enjoy life!, be confident, be yourself, be kind and gentle to people, be nice to the people around you, don't be afraid to be yourself and don't worry what people think of you, just be yourself!
talk to your doctor about opioids. consider long-lasting opioids. ask about corticosteroids. discuss antidepressants with your doctor. ask your doctor if you can use medical marijuana along with opioids.
click the opera menu button (☰) and select "settings.", click the "advanced" tab. select "add-ons" from the list of results. search for "adblock.", select the add-on you want to install. click "install" to install the ad blocker. open the "options" menu and click "ad blocker.", disable your ad blocker for certain sites. check if you get pop-ups even with an ad blocking extension. uninstall any adware. open your control panel. select the "programs and features" section. sort the list by "installed programs.", delete any programs you don't recognize. reset your internet explorer settings. reset opera's settings. download and run adwcleaner. install malwarebytes anti-malware. install and run antimalware. download the opera shortcut cleaner. check to see if your shortcuts have been fixed by running the shortcut cleaner on your desktop.
pay attention in conversation. say positive things to other people. interact with people online. invite someone to join you for lunch or dinner or share a meal.
launch adobe flash. open the actionscript 2.0 file. create a new button. name your button. define the up frame. create the over frame. draw the down frame. define a hit frame. select the scene you would like to edit. assign actions to the button. assign a function. understand events. understand mouse-related events. insert a close parenthesis into the “action” dialog box. name the function. list the frame or scene to which the event will take place.
get a refractive prism. find a high intensity light source. place the prism by a sunny window or window.
park your jeep on jack stands with the front wheels off the ground. remove the lug nuts and wheels from the front of the jeep. , remove the front wheel lug nuts from the rear of the vehicle. , loosen the rear axle bolts from the axle bracket with the help of a torx bit and wire brush. , unscrew the rear wheels and remove the hub nuts. , disconnect the rear wheel bearings from the vehicle and remove them from the jack stands. , disassemble the front and rear wheels. , clean the wheels and lug nuts with wire brush and penetrating oil. remove old driver's side link from axle bracket. pull the nut out of the link and remove it from the bracket. inspect the nut and bolt for wear and tear. re-use the old link and axle bracket bolts. install the new links. install your new bushings. tighten the bushings and retainer washer-retainers to the correct specifications. tighten and tighten the link nuts to their correct size. , tighten the axle through-bolt nut to the proper torque spec. , re-install the wheel nuts and set them aside. , replace the lugnuts and wheels and re-tighten the axle bolts. , put the wheels back on the vehicle, re-attach the wheel chocks, and put them in place. , drive the vehicle to the nearest service station and make sure all the wheels are in the proper position. , test drive your new jeep to test it out.
call an ambulance if you think you are having a heart attack. recognize the symptoms of a mitral valve prolapse. listen to your heart. get a medical exam. undergo additional tests. discuss treatment options with your doctor. avoid activities that increase your risk of heart disease. ask your doctor about medications. undergo surgery if necessary.
don’t take their lack of emoticons personally. think about their reputation. don't insult people. don’s be a sycophant. try not to take things too personally. understand that people have different ways of expressing themselves online. meet new people. avoid the trolls.
organize your time. use your free time. go to parties. spend time with your friends. use social networking. use technology.
prepare the clay. cut two pieces of felt or fabric. wrap each piece of felt around the other. place the two pieces into the oven. remove from the oven when baked. decide whether you want to paint or glaze the wreath. decorate. tie a knot at the top of the clay wreath and hang it from a hook. hang from the hook and enjoy your beautiful new wreath!
read the risk rulebook. play risk as often as you can. use the three strategic advice given to new risk players.
create a pathfinder. type your name. vectorize your font. ungroup your font by selecting group > object > path > ungroup. add more space between the characters. color the letters. add stars. add fill. scale the fill. create a half-circle. add strokes. change the fill color of your name from maroon to white to white. , create an outline stroke. select the outline stroke and then click ok. , select the “create a new layer” icon and then select “add new layer.” this will create a layer where you can place your logo. , add a background to your logo by selecting the icon > background > outline > background. , click ok and then you can add the logo to your project. , save your work and you’re done!
decide if you want to get a hutch or a shed for your rabbit. find a good place to put the rabbit house. make sure your rabbit's house is safe. provide your rabbit with bedding. provide toys and food for the rabbit.
use stevia. try honey. use maple syrup. use beets in place of sugar in recipes.
learn to spin the ball. stand with the ball in front of your body, pointing up. hold the ball between your thumb and index finger. push the ball out with your left hand. pull your fingers back as you release the ball with your right hand.
go to the doctor if you have laryngitis symptoms that last more than two weeks. seek medical attention if you experience symptoms of laryggitis. seek help for your child if he has laryghitis symptoms. talk with your doctor about chronic episodes of lariesitis.
understand what a "boost" is. understand what a boost is. use the boost to your advantage. stay close to the front of the pack. try to catch up with the front driver. once you get close enough, you can go faster.
open the excel workbook you want to add a hierarchy chart to. click the insert button. click on the smartart button. select "smartart" from the menu. select the hierarchy chart type. click "add.", change the contents of the chart.
call a professional exterminator if you find a nest in your home. contact pest control or an exterminator. take precautions.
install security software on your computer. avoid sharing too much personal information. use strong passwords. be cautious with what you post. meet people in a public place safely.
preheat the oven to 180ºc/350ºf. , grease a loaf tin. prepare the dates. puree the bananas. mix the dry ingredients. add the wet ingredients to the dry. pour the batter into the tin. bake for 30 minutes.
sprinkle a small amount of ketchup on the jewelry. rub the jewelry with the ketchup. wipe away the excess ketchup with a dry cloth. rub off the excess with a clean cloth. finished.
turn on bluetooth on your computer. connect your phone to your computer via bluetooth. connect a bluetooth/infrared adapter. connect the bluetooth adapter to your phone. make sure your computer is bluetooth enabled. ensure that your phone is at least 30 feet (9.1 m) away from the computer. turn on your phone, if it is not already on. , press and hold the home button. , wait for the phone to connect. , click on the phone icon. , select your phone from the list of available bluetooth devices. , choose the phone you want to connect to. , enter your phone number in the search bar. , type in the phone number you wish to connect, then press enter. , check the box for your phone's information. , confirm the connection. , enjoy your new connection!
dress like a 1920s mobster. wear a pinstripe suit. wear red lipstick and smoky eyes. style your hair. add a handkerchief and flower. add suspenders. finished.
talk to a dermatologist if the skin tag is large or unusual. have your doctor cut off the tag with a scalpel. have the tag frozen off using cryosurgery. remove the tag using a heat source. cut the tag off using an electrical current. remove a skin tag by applying a band to the base of the tag. see your doctor for treatment. don’t be afraid to ignore it.
open the slack app. sign in to your team’s default channel. tap the team menu. select the channel you want to remove a team member from. type “/remove” into the text box at the top of the screen. tap “ok” to confirm.
get the hair. be hygienic. wear plaid. get a few pairs of penny loafers or ballet flats. buy a cute headband. get some nice shoes. wear a brooch. get preppy clothes. wear sweaters and scarves. wear sporty clothes. keep an eye on the news. don't be a know-it-all. never swear. buy quality clothes. get the right fabrics. wear preppy colors. accessorize. have preppy accessories. have a preppy hairstyle. wear your hair in a ponytail or ponytail. wear the right makeup. have the right attitude. be kind to everyone. be nice to everyone, even the people you don't like. be yourself.
lay the tie on a flat surface. cross the wide end over the narrow end. fold the neck loop in half. , make a small dimple in the center of the neck knot. cross and pull the narrow ends behind. cross it back in front of you. , pull the knot tight. , fold the narrowend over. , cross it over. pull it through the loop created above. , loop it back through the new opening created. , bring it through again. , repeat the previous two steps until you reach the end of the tie. , tuck in the remaining end.
take time off from work when you first bring your puppy home. crate train your puppy. feed your puppy at regular mealtimes. take your puppy to its potty area after every meal. schedule nighttime potty trips. designate a potty spot for your pup. consider using a pad or newspaper for outdoor training. remove the pad.
gather your supplies. heat the wax. prepare the jar. seal the bottle. wrap the jar with filament tape. bend the tape. dip the jar in wax. add the seal.
tell your employee as soon as possible. remain calm and confident. explain your impairment. tell them what accommodations you need. remind them of other office rules. talk about the benefits of your disability. allow them to ask you questions. inform them about any workshops that your company may offer.
don't fight until you're tired. don't fight to hurt people. don’t fight to submit. avoid fighting on the ground. keep your elbows in and your fists up. , keep your head up and your elbows out. , always keep your eyes on your target. , don't let them see your eyes. , never let them hit you in the face. , do not stand too close to them. if they can see you, punch them in the eye. if you can, rip their ears off. breathe. avoid pulling on their hair. break their extremities. stomp their feet. twist their hands. snap their collar bones. groin attack. punch their groin. bite their fingers. pull their teeth out of their mouth. grab their testicles or testicles. thrust their face away from their face. squeeze their neckline. use their nose. take their hand. grab a hold of their wrist. take a punch to the head. use the same technique you used to break their arm. , take their eye off their head. , punch their eyes. use a kick to their gut. , if you're in a fight with a friend or family member, don't be afraid to use your own body weight as a buffer. if your opponent is a woman, use your body weight to your advantage. if it's a man, use their body weight. , use their own weight as leverage.
decide if you want to be the groom’s best man or just the best man. make a list of the things you would like to do with the groom. decide where you want the bachelor party to be held. make sure the groom is involved in the planning of the party. tell the groom what he does and doesn’t want.
follow your car's recommended maintenance schedule. avoid cold starts. don't let your car sit for extended periods of time. check your fluids regularly. change your oil every 3,000 - 5,000 miles (or every 3 to 6 months). change your air filter at least once a year. keep your car on a regular schedule. replace your brake pads every 6,000 to 7,500 miles. change the tires every 6 to 8,000 kilometers (or 2.5 to 3.5 years). replace your windshield wipers every 3 - 4,000 kilometres (2.5 - 3.0 years). change the windshield wiper every 6 - 8 months. replace the windshield washer every 6 months. check the air filter every 3 months. finished.
reduce your fluid intake. avoid caffeine and alcohol. urinate more during the day. try double voiding before bed. use a bedwetting alarm. talk to your doctor about underlying medical conditions. take medications. consider surgical options for incontinence. cover your bed with absorbent materials. wear underwear that absorbs urine. change your bedding regularly. change the color of your underwear. wear a nightstand. consider changing your toilet habits.
eat smaller, more frequent meals. eat foods that are low in fat. choose foods that contain monounsaturated fats. cut back on your intake of sugary drinks. eat more fiber. eat lean protein. reduce the amount of sodium in your diet.if you eat too much salt, you will end up with a bloated belly, which can lead to a larger belly than usual.
remove the plant from its pot. dig around the edges of the plant. lift the plant up with your fingers. wash off the dirt. weigh the plant with a scale. place the plant back in its hole. do not weigh your plant too often. calculate the daily average growth rate (t).
decide what type of bedspread or coverlet you want to make. determine the length and width of your intended bedspread. determine how thick you want your bedspread to be. cut your fabric. cut the face and backer fabric. sew the fabric pieces together. create a square of batting, if you are making a comforter or a coverlet. attach the batting to the backing fabric. turn the bedspread right side out on a flat surface. stitch around the perimeter of the face, backing and batting, leaving 1 side open. , stitch the edges of the backing and face together. , turn the sheet inside out. , sew around the edge of the sheet. secure the batting in place. finished.
cut two lengths of chain. attach the lobster clasp. attach a jump ring to one end of the chain. connect the other end to the same chain. feed the chain through the other jump ring. add a pendant. attach another jump ring through the pendant hole. add the chain to the open end. wear the lariat necklace as desired.
navigate to https://twitter.com/settings. , tap the gear icon (ios) or the ⋮ (android) icon on the “me” tab. tap “privacy and content”. select “blocked” from the menu. view your blocked accounts list.
be realistic about how often you will go to the gym. ask about the price of classes. find a gym that fits your exercise style. compare prices online. look for deals on memberships online. try out gyms for a free trial before you commit to a regular membership.
do neck rolls and shoulder rolls. do a shoulder slide. do cat and cow pose. do bridge pose. try a forward fold. do warrior pose.
decide how much risk you're willing to take. make the simplest bet, the pass bet. consider making an odds bet. make a come and don't come bet. avoid high-risk, high-reward bets. avoid put bets and proposition (prop) bets. don't make a lot of bets on the house edge. make sure you know the odds on your wager. know the house odds.
determine if your strata/formation is rock or unconsolidated. determine the intended use of your well. choose a location. determine your water level. determine what type of pumping system will work best for your situation. decide how you will pump the water into the well. settle the well down. build a cutter. prepare the pvc drill pipe. attach the pipe to the tee handle. fill the two holes with water. begin the well boring process. remove the cutting from the hole. clean out the hole and remove the cut. clean the surface of the well with sand and water. fill in the rest of the hole with a layer of sand. clean up the area around the well and fill it with water and sand. finished.
determine which vmware product you are using. open the command prompt. type "cmd" into the search bar. copy and paste the following files into the /usr/bin directory. notify your operating system that you have extended volume.
recognize the symptoms of postpartum depression (ppd). recognize the signs and symptoms ofPostpartum ptsd. talk to your doctor about ptsd after giving birth. ask your partner, family, and friends for help after the baby arrives. don’t be afraid to ask for help.
make sure that the gun is unloaded before cleaning it. make sure that you are familiar with how to handle the gun. clean the gun after it has been in storage for a while. clean your gun after you have fired it for a few days. check that the screws are not loose.
choose which trees to coppice. select young trees. decide what you want to do with the shoots. coppicing in early spring or early summer. choose the right tools. cut the tree at the right height. consider leaving the stumps alone. divide the tree into sections. remove the old bark and prune the area around the stump. cut away the top of the trunk. cut off the bark at the base of the tree. cut down the trunk to the ground. cut back the trunk at a 45-degree angle. cut along the bark line. trim the tree to the desired height. cut it down to a stump. replant the tree if you wish. finished.
decide if color guard is right for you. develop your endurance. try out for color guard. practice. learn the routine. go to band camp. attend half time. do the half time show. try to make it through the competition. be nice to all of the judges. stay calm. remember to breathe. enjoy the show. have fun!
learn about the art world. determine your budget. determine the style of art you want to purchase. consider the décor in your home. avoid purchasing art that has a price tag. avoid buying art that is "for sale" or has a "no price" tag. consider purchasing art from a gallery or directly from the artist. look for an artist with a unique style. negotiate a price with the seller if you are interested in purchasing more than 1 piece of art. shop around for a frame that fits the style and size of the art you are looking for. shop online for art frames that are made of durable materials, such as glass, metal, wood, metal and other hardwood.
place your content in the middle of the envelope. use a security envelope. place more than one envelope inside of a regular envelope.
understand that you are responsible for the syllabus and schedule. understand the benefits and drawbacks of online learning. get a calendar. ask questions. schedule time to study. avoid distractions. take breaks. use your time wisely. take advantage of online resources. make a study schedule. use the internet for homework only when you need it. use online tools to help you stay organized. use social media to your advantage. make use of online tools when you can. make the most of your free time. get help if you are having trouble. make sure you are using your resources effectively.
use the cradle strap when necessary. hold the banjo upright. attach one end of the strap to the first hook. attach the other end to the second hook. connect the second end to a hook on the tailpiece. adjust the strap so that it hangs over your shoulder and behind your neck.
open whatsapp. tap chats. select a group chat. tap and hold the t key. tap +. type @ followed by the name of the person you want to tag. tap the send button. type your message into the chat.
place your effects in the effects loop of your amplifier. place time-based effects inside the loop to avoid distortion and overdrive. place modulation pedals inside your effects loop to get a richer sound.
wash your face with a gentle cleanser. exfoliate your face. apply a serum or moisturizer. use a silicone-based foundation primer. choose a matte foundation. press and buff the foundation into your skin. roll a translucent setting powder over the foundation. blot your face to remove excess oil and emollients. spray the foundation with a setting spray to lock it in all day.
tape your foot. keep your foot flexed. recognize the symptoms of plantar fasciitis. understand the causes of plantarsitis.
preheat the oven to 350ºf/180ºc. grease and grease two 9-inch (22.5cm) round cake pans. mix together the butter, oil, and sugar in a large bowl. beat together the eggs in a separate bowl. add the milk, sugar, and vanilla extract to the egg mixture. add in the banana. mix in the flour, baking powder, baking soda, and baking powder. mix the flour mixture into the milk/oil/banana mixture. pour the batter into the prepared pans. bake the cakes for 20-25 minutes, or until a skewer inserted into the center of the cake comes out clean. let the cakes cool for 3-5 minutes before removing them from the pans. finished.
use kite grip. try three-finger over-and-under grip. use same time mode. use split time mode to spin poi in a circular motion. try split time modes. try kite mode. try the fourth and fifth basic poi modes. finished.
cut the fruit into 1/2 inch (1.27 cm) thick slices. , mix 1 tbsp. pour the mixture over the fruit. serve immediately.
wash and dry the plate. choose a hanger size. apply adhesive to the adhesive disc. attach the disc to the plate and let it dry. attach a plate hanger to a nail. hang the plate on the hanger.
draw a thin line along the bottom of your eye. smudge your eyeliner. add eyeliner to your lower eyelid. finished.
press 'a/x' while in mid-air to jump. , press 'a' to glide. press 'x' again.
peel the corn. cut the corn into 1-inch (2.5 cm) thick cobs. place the corn in a large saucepan. bring the corn to a boil over medium heat. remove the corn from the heat. pour the corn milk into a large bowl. add the cream and flour. puree the corn with the hot liquids. put the saucepan back on the stove. add 1/2 cup of sugar and 1 tablespoon water.
use a bobby pin to create dots on your nail. block your nail with tape to create a pattern. create a block with plastic wrap and gold polish. draw a design with a permanent marker. use a sticker to create half-moon or half-circle manicures. stencil your nails with a square of loofa and a second color using a makeup sponge. finished.
volunteer for the americicorps network. join nccccc. volunteer as a VISta. become a senior corps member.
put on your hair in a ponytail. , add a bit of pink sparkle to the inner corners of your eyes. put on black eyeliner. apply black mascara to your eyelashes. apply red lipstick to your lips. finished.
practice yoga. do the heel seat. move your pelvis. twist your spine. stretch the spine. lift the arms and legs. relax the chest. think the mantra "i send light to (name). move the head, chest, belly, legs, arms and feet. think a minute the mantra: "i pray to god (name) for guidance and guidance. , say the mantra, "a) i am on my way to enlightenment.
gather materials. find a good location for shelter. build a shelter. start a fire. attend to any injuries. stay active and creative. stay connected to the community.
open wps office on your pc. click on the 'start' button. , select 'wps office' from the list of applications. , click on 'settings'. , select the 'general' tab. , scroll down to the 'storage' section. , find the 'a' folder and click on it. , double-click on the a folder to open it. copy the files you want to transfer from your pc to your phone. , paste the copied files into your android device's storage. , tap on 'ok' to save your changes. , close out of the settings window. , congratulations!
level up your first skill to at least 10k. level up your second skill to 15k. get your third skill to 30k. make your fourth skill to 35k. do quests that require 35+ in any skill. get to 50k. keep doing quests until you have at least 100k. continue doing quests and leveling until you reach 99k.
use binoculars to find mercury. use a telescope to find the planets. find venus with the naked eye. look for jupiter by swinging your telescope to the right.
make sure that the draw is in the right position. place the washcloth across the top of the draw. put your washcloth in the drawer. move the draw up.
obtain a college degree. develop the necessary skills and aptitudes to become a music agent. keep up to date with the music industry. become familiar with music industry trends. apply to talent agencies that specialize in the field of music. apply for an internship with a talent agency. enroll in a training program that will prepare you for a career as a music agency agent. continue your education and training.
use a non-acetone nail polish remover. cut your nails to the desired length. file your nails. push back your cuticles. wash your hands. apply a basecoat. apply your nail polish. try a french manicure. create a design with your brush. let the polish dry completely before applying the topcoat. protect your nails from the elements. let your nails dry completely. trim your nails when you’re done. style your nails again.
cite a short quote in mla style. introduce a quote with double quotation marks and the author's name. cite a quote that is longer than four lines of prose or three lines of poetry. use block quotes for longer quotations. keep the original formatting for poems and short stories. change the quote when you want to. use the quote in an essay. cite an essay in a book. cite short stories online.
open your windows. purchase some plants. use dried flowers. use jojoba oil and pine tree sprigs to create a pine smell. spritz herbs and dried flowers with water.
research the magazine’s submission guidelines. read featured articles. identify your audience. choose a topic that is appropriate for the magazine. choose an interesting angle. research your topic. pitch your article to the editor. write a rough draft of your article. edit your article for length and flow. proofread your article before submitting it. submit your article online. send your article in by mail. include a cover letter. include your contact information. submit the article by email. send the article in person.
start the game. find the cape feather. tap on the cape. find a path that leads to the right. hold down the y button on your xbox 360 controller. swipe your arms in the direction of the path you want to go in. continue to swing your arms until you reach the end of the level. , tap the feather that appears on the screen. tap the cape to fly. repeat the process until you land.
learn how to make a stone pickaxe. find coal. find iron. find redstone. find gold. find diamonds. learn how to use your pickaxes. , make sure that you have a high tier pickaxe, iron, steel, or redstone pickaxe before you start mining.
multiply both numerators by the denominators of the equation. set the numerators equal to each other. solve for x. find a common denominator. divide both sides by the same number. isolate x. convert your answer to decimal form.
combine all of the ingredients in your rice cooker. cook the rice for 2 to 5 minutes. let the rice cook the rest of the way. serve warm.
talk to your doctor. use over-the-counter pain relievers carefully. ask your doctor about prescription painkillers. get a trigger point injection. take your medication as directed. be aware of the side effects of taking medication. do not take medication if you think it will cause you to hurt yourself. talk to your healthcare provider about any side effects you experience. take pain medication only as directed by your physician.
connect your iphone or ipad to your computer. open itunes. click the apple menu. click updates. click update. click on your device. click install. wait for the update to install. unlock your device when prompted.
choose products that are 100% natural. buy organic and natural cosmetics and beauty products. check the ingredients label. use tea tree oil on acne. wash your face twice a day. moisturize your skin after bathing. shave with care and don’t scratch.
give your baby turtle plenty of food. keep your turtle in water. provide a variety of food for hatchlings. feed your baby turtles more foods. feed adult turtles. keep turtles warm. do not watch your turtle eat. finished.
remove the peels from the fruit. wash the fruit and peel it. fill a jar with the fruit peels. place the lid on the jar and shake it to mix everything together.
hire a lawyer. read the state or federal rules on class certification. analyze the injuries the plaintiffs claim to have suffered. show that the plaintiffs share common questions of law or fact. show how the representative plaintiffs’ claims are typical of the class. argue that the class representatives are not adequately represented. demonstrate that a class action is superior to other methods of resolving the dispute. draft a motion to dismiss. file the motion. serve notice of the motion on the other class members. file a reply to the motion with the court. prepare for your hearing. attend your court hearing.
be prepared for the possibility that one of you may develop a crush on the other. have trust in your decision to remain platonic. appreciate the benefits of a platonic friendship. talk to your partner(s) about the nature of your platonic relationship. don't be afraid to act on your feelings and desires for the other person.
allow nature to take its course. make sure your turtles have room to move around. create a nesting area for females.
understand the difference between spot reduction and weight loss. do circuit workouts. focus on your core muscles. do side bends. reduce your sodium intake. swap out refined grains for whole grains. eat more fiber. drink more water. eat foods high in omega-3 fatty acids. eat a balanced diet. drink plenty of water. limit your alcohol intake. avoid high-calorie, high-sugar foods. consider taking supplements.
identify the denominators of the two fractions. find the least common multiple between the two denominators. multiply the denominator of the first fraction by the smallest common multiple of the second fraction. divide the result by the factor of change. multiply both denominators by the number of common multiples. add the numerator and denominator together. divide both denominator and numerator by the factors of change again. subtract the numerators of both fractions. add both numerators and denominators together, if necessary.
use a gimp as a friendship bracelet. make a keychain. use it as a lifeguard’s lanyard.
exercise outdoors. go for long walks. visit your local park with your dog. do outdoor chores in your yard during the winter months.
keep your foot clean and dry. treat the infection with antifungal cream. try non-conventional treatments. soak the infected nail(s) in white vinegar. ask your doctor about surgical removal of the infected toenail(s).
practice surrender. practice giving and receiving. be aware of your physical reactions to your thoughts and emotions. don't label people, situations, situations or situations with your mind. practice letting go of the need to label people and situations. practice mindfulness. practice meditating. practice deep breathing. practice meditation. practice visualization. practice non-judgmentalism. practice self-disclosure. practice mindful meditation. learn to meditate. practice yoga. practice positive self-talk. meditate regularly. practice progressive self-compassion. practice gratitude. practice the art of self-hypnosis. practice forgiveness.
mix the ingredients together. pour the batter into a microwave-safe dish. microwave the brownies on high for four minutes. finished.
use petroleum jelly. use olive oil. replace shaving cream with dollar-store hair conditioner. use perfume.
format your resume in a professional manner. write your title, contact information and contact information at the top of the page. write the "about me" section of your resume. write an action verb section. write a section on the "marketing terminology" section. list your experience in the advertising industry. write about any internships or volunteer work you have done. include any relevant experience you have in the "other" or "non-professional" sections. include your membership in any professional associations that you are a member of.
consult an attorney. send a demand letter. pay property taxes. reclaim possession of the property. consider filing a lawsuit. hire a lawyer to represent you. draft a complaint. file the complaint. serve the complaint on the co-tenant. wait for a response. participate in discovery. attend the final pretrial hearing. receive the judge's decision. consider mediation.
be happy with your small breasts. accept that your breasts will get larger as you get older. read about breast growth.
decide how many knobs you need for your cabinet. decide what style you want your cabinet knobs to be. choose knobs that are easy to use. try the knobs on before you buy them. get a sample knob. shop in stores. shop online. ask about return and exchange policies. look for used knobs at thrift stores, flea markets, yard sales and thrift shops. buy donated knobs from Habitat for humanity.
write down the formula for the perimeter of a rectangle. find the length and width of the rectangle. add the width and length together. multiply the “(l + w)” by two to get the perimeter formula.
read the entire text. think about what you want to learn. read the text. answer the questions you asked yourself. answer your questions. review what you have read. finished.
heat a pan of water. choose a type of salt. stir in some salt. pour the solution into a jar. add some food coloring (optional). place a pencil across the top of the jar. cut a piece of string. tie the string to the pencil. place the jar in a safe place. wait for the crystals to grow. finished.
make a guest list. choose an indoor space for the party. decide if the party will be an outdoor or outdoor party. get fall themed plates, cups, and bowls. set up a welcome table in fall colors. make centerpieces for the food tables. use hay bales. determine if you are going to prepare food or hire a caterer. prepare the food and drinks ahead of time. set out the decorations. make sure the party is kid- and family-friendly. provide plenty of entertainment for the kids. make a guest book for the guests.
wash and chop the vegetables. cook the ground beef. add the beef, sauce, beans, and seasonings. simmer the chili. serve the chili with cheese and toppings.
blend the strawberries and sugar. dissolve the agar flakes in hot water. combine the whipped cream and agar mixture. fold in the strawberry puree and whipped cream. chill the mousse.
open microsoft office. click the file menu and select “file”. click on “options” from the options panel. click “customize” on the “settings” panel. select the office theme option. select a theme from the drop-down menu. select your preferred theme. click "apply" to apply the theme to all your ms office programs and documents.
make sure that your cabin is big enough so that you can fit all the cabiners. , make sure that you have a meeting room that is large enough for all the cabins to fit in. decide what activities you want to do in the meeting room. make a schedule for your camp. decide how long you want your camp to last. make sure you set the rules for the camp before the camp starts. make the rules clear to the kids. put up signs on the door to each cabin. if you are going to have a sleepover, make a sign that says "sleepover camp" and put a picture of the campers in it. , have the kids open their cabins for the first day of camp. have fun with your camp!
launch the game. log into your online account. start a new game or continue a previous session. save your progress.
go to the usps website. sign in or create an account. select " stamps". select a stamp style. add stamps to your cart. pay.
harvest daylily shoots in early spring. cut the daylilies off before they reach 8 inches (20 cm) tall. eat them raw or dip them in a dip. make a salad. sauté them in oil with other vegetables. stir fry them.
choose an oxidizing bleach. know the difference between chlorine and chlorine bleach. spot test the bleach on the stain with a cotton swab. read the label on the bleach. check the label of the garment you are washing first.
don’t take his lack of maturity personally. understand that he’s just doing what he wants to do. respect his right to join in with his mates. avoid sabotaging his mates’ activities. avoid acting like a snob. avoid making a big deal with his friends. talk to him if you’re having a hard time.
go to mzulft. open your journal. select “revealing the unseen” from the list. open the map menu.
give yourself plenty of time. wash up. pick an outfit. paint your nails. style your hair. do your makeup. brush your teeth and breath. put on some perfume. if you want to, put on a little makeup. , put on your favorite cologne or perfume. , turn on some music. , if you have the time, do a quick, quick, and sexy dance. , make sure you have a nice, fresh, and delicious scent on hand. , don't forget to add a few cologne.
purchase your pork belly. chill the pork belly in the refrigerator. remove the skin. choose your curing salts. make your own cure recipe. make a simple sugar-based cure. make an all-natural cure. create a traditional cure with herbs and spices. mix together a sweet-sugar cure. cure your meat with honey. cure the meat with salt and pepper. cure with salt, pepper, and thyme. cure pork belly with other ingredients. cure bacon with other meats. cure other meats with other methods. cure a pork belly that has already been cured. cure whole pork bellies.
prepare the corn for blanching. boil the corn. blanch the corn in an ice water bath. serve or freeze corn.
stand with your feet about hip's distance apart. lift one of your feet up off the ground. lift the other foot up in the air. drag the foot back to where it started. keep both feet moving back and forth at the same time. lift your other foot forward and drag it back. keep doing this until you can do the airwalk without stopping one of them. repeat the same thing with the other leg. practice doing the airwalking for as long as you like. try the moonwalk first, if you want. work on different movements. add a toe tap to the foot that is pointed on its toes. practice the air walk without the toe tap. try to master the moon walk first. practice in front of a mirror. practice with a friend or family member.
defrost the prawns. rinse them in cold water. store them in the refrigerator. keep them cool. separate the heads from the body. remove the tail. peel off the legs and shell. cut a small line down the length of the back. choose fresh, unprocessed prawn’s. choose prawn that have not been deshelled. look at the color and color. check for discoloration. smell the smell. check the texture. choose the freshest prawn. cook them in batches. serve them with a side dish. use them in place of other seafood. store in the freezer.
observe horses in a field. approach the horse slowly and calmly. pet the horse's neck. help a horse professional groom. offer the horse a treat. teach the horse to submit to your commands with a lead rope. know that a horse will have a hard time harming you if you're not careful. find a horse that is calm and docile. learn to tack the horse. learn how to control your rein. practice "brake" and "stop" commands. learn basic commands for mounting and dismounting. ride the horse on a loose rein. ride with the horse in a round pen. ride a horse with a saddle. mount a horse on your own.
go to facebook. sign into your facebook account. write a new status. look for the “what’s on your mind?” box. add your location. review your status before posting.
choose a high-quality food for small breed dogs. determine how much food to feed your maltipoo. do not free-feed your dog. divide your dog’s food into portions. feed your dog twice per day if he is a puppy. offer treats to your dog, but don’t overdo it. avoid giving your dog certain foods. make sure your dog has access to a bowl of clean, fresh water.
obtain the directions for your incubator. clean the incubator thoroughly. place the incubators in a well-ventilated, well-lit area. plug the incubation into a power source. add water to the water bottle. calibrate the incubating temperature. find fertile eggs. wash your hands before handling the eggs. warm up the eggs before incubating them. mark the eggs with the symbol of the egg on one side. lay the eggs out on the carton. insert the eggs into the incubated eggs. adjust the heat source. monitor the temperature. remove the eggs after 7 to 10 days. check the eggs every day. feed the eggs a high-quality diet. keep an eye on the temperature of the eggs and environment.
don't give your skin the 'junk food'. read the ingredients list. know what 'natural' and 'organic' really mean. know that the chemicals in your skincare products are toxic to your skin. look for organic certification. don't be fooled by the 'cure cream'.
accept that you may have some negative thoughts about yourself. write in a journal about your thoughts and emotions. set goals for yourself. take care of yourself. remember that there will be good days and bad days in recovery.
greet them with a smile. introduce yourself. ask them questions about themselves. provide a space for introverts. let them know that you are available to talk. keep up to date on your organization’s website.
open the email message you want to hide the toolbar from. press and release the alt key on your keyboard. select the toolbar you'd like to hide from the list of available toolbar options. press the alt keys again. move your mouse away from the toolbar area. click the "menu" button to hide it.
create a textured walkway. put a fence around a pool or fishing pond. trim back branches at your dog’s eye level. walk your dog on a leash.
start up the game. enter camera mode. enter cameraman mode. create a story. create your characters. make a set. move your characters into the house. build the set. start filming. make sure that you have at least two relationships with at least one of your main characters. download a video editing program. add music to your video. add voice actors. save your video to your computer. upload the video to youtube. , after you have finished editing your video, save it to your hard drive. upload it to youtube and give it a description. enjoy watching your video on youtube, and have fun with it!
separate the stress from the relationship. avoid responding to your partner's words and actions. pay attention to your tone. respect each other. don't blame your partner for your stress. accept your partner. learn to surrender. talk to a counselor or therapist.
explain your sexual orientation. explain that you didn't choose your orientation, and that you can't change it. give them time to ask questions. accept that some people won't understand.
join a recreational club.this is a great way to meet new people and get involved in activities you enjoy. join a club. join toastmasters. join meetups.
do what you normally do. take notes. figure out where the person keeps things. prepare. go to bed early. wait until everyone is asleep. start your investigation. never get caught. lie if you have to. have a place to keep everything. don't accuse someone of a crime without proof!, don't do something big without proof.
learn the basics of prime lens photography. understand that you will be moving around a lot. change your perspective. don't be afraid to change your shot. understand depth of field. use a lens with a smaller aperture. shoot people. finished.
take it easy. take it easy on yourself. get plenty of rest. go to bed on time. create a soothing environment. avoid strong smells. avoid strenuous activities.
talk to your family and friends. join a community of like-minded people. accept help from those who are willing to help you.
connect your ipad to your computer. open itunes. click recently added. click purchased. click the purchases tab. click add to device. click a video. click movies. click Recently added. double-click the movie's name. click play. click sync to ipad. wait for the movie to sync. open tv on your iphone. tap ⋮. tap library.
learn about autism, developmental disabilities, and intellectual disabilities. don't assume that disabled people are the same as you. recognize that a disabled person's experiences may be different from those of other people's. respect their differences.
use mod_rewrite to redirect folders to new urls. understand the limitations of this method. if your web server does not have mod_rerite installed, read over the apache documentation for instructions. install mod_revrite. verify that it is installed. navigate to the folder where you want to redirect the files and paste the following code.
lubricate the tip of the thermometer. have one person restrain the dog. do not restrain your dog. lift the dog’s tail. insert the rectal thermometer into the dog's rectum. keep the dog still as you insert the thermometers tip into the rectum, but aim for the middle of the pucker. keep it in until it beeps. remove the dog from the position and clean it up.
understand the risks. choose a trencher. decide whether to rent or buy a machine. take a safety class. familiarize yourself with the basic functions of your trenchers. turn off the machine completely when not in use. position the machine and position the digging chain. walk slowly along the trench path. turn the machine off when you're finished digging your trench.
open itunes. search for the book you want to download. tap on the books category. download the book. launch ibooks. read your book. download ibooks from the app store.
remain calm. take a deep breath. gather a first aid kit. assess the mental state of the victim. move the victim if necessary. don't talk on the phone during an emergency.
set the table. cook a meal that you’ve never made before. make sure that she’s comfortable with who you are as a person. make pasta or salad. don’t wait for her to arrive until the last minute to start cooking. ask her what she likes before you serve it. pull out all the stops. make her a piece of chocolate. serve coffee or tea with it.
read daily. take quizzes. read your textbook. watch tv shows on your tv. if you are not sure about your gk you can always go online.
understand the definition of codependency. recognize the symptoms. understand the role of the other person in the relationship. recognize that you are not the only one who is suffering. be aware of your own feelings. understand that you can't change the person, but you can help them to change themselves. be patient. be prepared for the possibility that the person you are dealing with may not change. know when to seek professional help. know that you may need to give it time. know what not to do. know the signs and symptoms of a codependent relationship. know how to get out of the relationship, if you want to.
choose a depilatory cream that’s right for you. apply the cream to your skin. let the cream sit on your skin for 10 to 15 minutes. remove the cream when the recommended time is up. wash the area with soap and water. pat the area dry with a clean towel. rinse the area thoroughly with warm water. use a soft, dry towel to gently rub the hairs off. repeat the process until all of the hairs have been removed. , apply a moisturizer or moisturizer to the area if you’d like to use more product.
go into a room with lots of enemies. throw a grenade at them. jump on top of them and run away.
choose your colors. braid your hair into a tight braid. thread four strings through your braids or dreadlocks. tie a knot at the top of the braid to secure the strings. divide the strings in half. lay out the remaining strings. wrap your braid around the first string. continue wrapping your hair. swap strings as needed. alternate colors. add embellishments, if desired. add a feather quill to the bottom of your wrap. tie the ends of the wrap in a knot. secure your wrap with a hair tie. add hair accessories, if you'd like. finished.
establish a space just for you. avoid long car rides. take your own transportation. find a secluded place to decompress. identify your triggers. avoid triggers. be proactive about avoiding triggers. pay attention to how you feel. evaluate your own emotions. avoid alcohol and drugs. be mindful of your body language. practice deep breathing. practice positive self-talk. practice relaxation techniques. practice mindfulness. get enough sleep. exercise regularly. eat a healthy diet. get plenty of exercise. exercise.
apply dry shampoo before you go out. comb your hair into a tousled look. wear white or grey clothing. wear a hat or scarf. use a lint roller.
choose a sharpening stone. lubricate the sharpening stones. separate the scissors’ blades. position the scissors on the stone. sharpen one blade of the scissors. pull the blade across the stone to sharpen it. sharpen the other blade. remove any burrs of metal along the sharpened edges. clean up.
recognize the symptoms of constipation. consider your cat's medical history. determine if your cat has megacolon. choose the right time to give an enema. make sure your cat is docile and gentle. purchase a prepared enema kit. be aware of the limitations of prepared enemas. gather your materials. prepare the bathroom. insert the syringe into the rectum. flush the cat's rectum with warm water. wait for the stool to soften. remove the enema and clean the area. feed your cat. give your cat some dry cat food. finished.
keep your crawling baby away from sharp furniture. store medicine in locked cabinets. keep cleaning supplies out of reach. install locks or safety latches on cabinets and drawers. don’t allow others to smoke around your baby. avoid placing your baby in hot water. place outlet covers over all sockets. put away other potentially hazardous items out of your reach.
take a prescription medication. chew your food more slowly. don't eat too much or drink too much.
connect your device to your computer. launch the application. open the text message application. create a new message. enter the number of the person you want to send the message to. write your message. click on "send text message.", open the inbox. look for unread text messages. view unread messages. read the message. view the full message. sort the text messages by name, content, and time.
don't expect too much from your partner. don't expect a gift in the morning. act like you don't care. ignore valentine's day. remember all the good times your partner has shown you love. be honest with yourself about your expectations. consider your partner's perspective on the holiday. ask yourself if you and your partner have ever discussed the holiday with each other. consider the possibility that your partner doesn't know. consider how long you've been together. consider whether your relationship is serious enough to warrant a gift. avoid using "valentine" statements as a resolution to conflict. be prepared to accept a "no" for now.
wear the right bra. try a minimizer bra. wear solid, dark colors. wear the right tops and sweaters. choose the right fabrics. wear t-shirts. layer your clothes. wear a jacket or jacket. go for a statement necklace. avoid tight, tight shirts. avoid baggy shirts. wear shoes that fit well. get a good pair of shoes. get the right hairstyle. get some makeup. wear makeup that flatters your bust. consider makeup.
make sure that your horse’s trough is clean. give your horse plenty of hay. feed your horse a ½ pound of grain per 100 pounds of body weight. adjust the amount of grain based on your horse's needs. schedule feedings around activity. make gradual food changes.
identify the subject of an active sentence. identify the object of anactive sentence. find the verb of an action. identify an action done to an object. identify something that is being done to something else. identify what the agent is. identify a subject of a passive sentence. know what the verb is. recognize the agent of a Passive sentence. look for the agent in passive sentences. change the order of active and passive sentences to make them easier to read. understand the purpose of active sentences.
post your photos at the right time of day. post your photos on a weekend when most people are likely to be busy. if you have a lot of friends on instagram, post often.
harvest your rosemary. bundle the rosemary sprigs into bundles with twine or string. hang the bundles in a dry, well-ventilated area. let the bundles dry for at least two weeks. remove the bundles from the dryer and store in an air-tight container. use the dried rosemary in your favorite recipes.
recognize the symptoms of a stress fracture. know the risks of stress factors. go to the hospital or your doctor's office.
choose crisp, fresh white wines to match spicy asian food. match citrus-based wines to citrus based dishes. match riesling to thai and chinese food. choose delicate, sweet wines for chinese. match japanese dishes with firm, dry whites. match medium-bodied whites to stir-fries and curries. experiment with different wines to find the one that works best for you and your asian cuisine.
open the whatsapp app. tap on the "contacts" tab. , select the contact you want to assign a photo to. tap "add photo.", done.
be outgoing. be confident. be enthusiastic. don't be afraid to talk to people. get to know your teachers and classmates. remember your name!, talk to the people in your class. talk to your friends. if you see someone you don't know, say "hi" to them.
understand the controls. tap the key that controls the leg you want to flex. hold the keys down for a second. press w, o, p, and p. press q and p to push off with your right leg. release the other keys. press the other two keys at the same time. speed up. press when your forward foot hits the ground. correct any mistakes. practice the splits. don't try to jump over the hurdle. get to the finish line.
learn how to say the letters of the alphabet. learn how to pronounce the vowels. learn to count from 1 to 9. learn the letter for each letter in the alphabet, and pronounce them correctly.
use home remedies. use a deep-conditioning mask once a week. choose the right shampoo for curly hair. avoid products with a lot of alcohol. rinse out the conditioner after you use it. don't be afraid to use a variety of products to tame your hair.
explain your condition to your friends. keep in contact. keep the conversation light. boost your self-esteem and self-worth.
navigate to https://www.dropbox.com in a web browser. sign in to your dropbox account. click or tap sign in.click or tap add account.click/tap upload files. click/tap the dropbox icon.select a file to upload or sync. wait for the file to finish uploading. tap or click open. tap sync.
make a two-horned kabuto helmet. make a shuriken star. throw the star like a frisbee with your hands to show off your origami skills.
go to a place where there are lots of weevils. go to your nest. enjoy the party.
choose a variety of roses. place the roses between 2 sheets of absorbent paper in a heavy book. heat an iron to its lowest setting. press the rose on the top sheet of paper. hang the roses to dry for 2 - 3 weeks. avoid direct sunlight.
gather your ingredients. place the sugar, water and lemon juice or cream of tartar in a saucepan. bring the mixture to a boil. add the lemon juice. reduce the heat to a simmer. avoid stirring the mixture. watch the color closely. remove the pot from the heat. soak the bottom of the pot in ice water. use the caramel. finished.
get your dog’s vaccination records. get a rabies certification for your dog. bring your own documentation. check with your airline to figure out their pet policy. take a train from the u.s. to canada. take the bus. drive by car. travel by air. take your dog to the border. check in with a border agent. pay the border fee.
schedule an appointment with a veterinarian. observe your cat’s behavior. look for signs of blindness. inspect your cat's eyes. keep your home free of obstacles. avoid making loud noises. hum or chat to yourself to let your cat know you are around. supervise your cat when she goes outside. follow your veterinarian's instructions if your cat has a medical condition. allow your cat to live a normal life. give your cat new toys. feed your cat a healthy diet. provide plenty of exercise for your cat.
identify the poem’s genre. read the poem aloud. listen to a recording of the poem. check the meter. identify the rhyme scheme. look for clues in the poem's title or title.
create a slab. place a three by three in the center of the slab. make a hole in the middle. place the item you want to place. place it on the slab or place it in the hole.
determine the size of your enclosure. gather your materials. prepare the area to build the enclosure. dig a trench. place the landscaping timbers in the trench. attach the corner supports. add height to the walls. nail a two-by-four to each side of the wall. add a wire mesh barrier to the top of the enclosure!
arrive at the theater on time. turn off your cellphone before you enter the theater. put your phone away. turn your camera off. don't talk or cheer during the show. bring your own refreshments. be respectful to the other patrons. listen to the actors. avoid bringing children. leave the theater when the actors have done curtain calls. if you are a man, wear a suit and tie your hair back into a ponytail.
don't lead someone on. be honest and straightforward. avoid giving reasons. don't make excuses for your "no.", don't lie.
understand what constitutes a "phishing" scam. understand what phishing scams are. understand that phishing is a form of scamming, and that it can be used to steal your personal information in a variety of different ways.
prep your nails. apply a base coat. choose a base color. paint your nails with the dice color of your choice. paint the dice. apply the top coat. finished.
make a paste from linseed oil. add rottenstone to the oil. make a paste with powdered limestone. let the paste rest. apply the paste to the surface of your pewter. rinse the paste off with warm water. dry the paste with a soft, clean cloth. use a soft cloth to remove the paste from the pewster.
use a convection oven. try using a pressure cooker. use a roasting pan you already own. sear the roast for 5 minutes on each side. roast the roast in a dark metal or gray metal roaster pan. cut the meat into smaller chunks. remove the bones from the meat before roasting.
ggather your materials. dissolve the sample in a solvent. mix 2,4-dinitrophenylhydrazine with a solution of water or a solvent that contains a ketone group (e.g. if your sample is solid, dissolve it in water or another solvent. divide the sample into two equal parts. mix tollen's reagent and fehling's solution in the sample. take the two samples out of the solvent and pour them into separate containers. do the following two tests.
tell students what they need to bring. monitor the students during testing. do not allow electronics on desks. ask students to empty their pockets. require seating charts. reseat students if their eyes are wandering.
think about why you need an id bracelet. decide what information you want on the bracelet. think about what action you need during an emergency. decide if you want a simple id bracelet or one with add-on features. consider a medical alert bracelet or necklace with a panic button.some companies offer a “medical alert bracelet” or “emergency alert necklace” for people with a variety of medical conditions.
avoid refined carbohydrates. avoid high fat and greasy foods. minimize foods that contain tryptophan. avoid foods that have been linked to drowsiness. avoid drinks that can cause drowsy feelings. consider the size of your meals. eat small, frequent meals. follow a meal plan. get enough sleep. avoid caffeine and alcohol during the day. exercise regularly. get plenty of rest. avoid stimulants and depressants. take naps. consider taking melatonin supplements.
use this method if your computer came installed with windows 8 or earlier. insert a bootable cd or dvd into your computer. press the correct key on your keyboard. open the bios menu. disable "secure boot" if it is enabled. move the cd/dvd drive above your hard drive. use the + and - keys to change the boot order. press ⊞ win+r or ⏎ return when prompted.
maintain a healthy weight. do aerobic exercise at least 30 minutes 5 days per week. try different types of exercise. play catch, baseball, squash, racquetball, football, basketball, tennis, tennis or badminton. walk on rocky or uneven surfaces to improve your balance. stray from your comfort zone to increase your concentration and memory. increase your aerobic exercise routine to maintain a good memory.
start looking in the summer. talk to your hr department. find a local nonprofit childcare center. look for a family-run daycare. ask friends or coworkers if they’d be interested in a nanny. consider a redit-sharing nanny or babysitter.
start siri. say "send a message" to start a new message. say what you want to say. say your message. read the message over before sending it. change the message if you need to. send the message. check your messages. start siri and say "check my messages.", say "yes" or "reply" to reply to a message. speak your message to the other person. add punctuation marks to your message if desired. read or read your reply. send your message when you're done speaking.
heat the milk. stir in the vinegar. allow the mixture to cool. strain out the liquid. blot the white solid pieces with paper towels. roll the plastic into a ball. dry the ball and bounce it. let the ball dry for a few days. decorate the ball, if desired.
wash your face. fill your sink with hot water. add some essential oils to the water. test an essential oil on your skin. place your face over the steam for 10 minutes. rinse your face with lukewarm water and pat dry. repeat the treatment two weeks.
remain calm. get your loved one’s attention. pull him/her aside. address the behavior in private. don’t hang out with a bunch of goofballs. introduce yourself to people who share the same interests as your love one. find ways to have fun together. be a good role model. don't be afraid to ask for help.
open your iphone's settings. scroll down and tap messages. tap contacts. slide the button next to contact photos to the off.
preheat the oven. bake the coconut for 10 minutes. let the coconut cool. place the coconut in a plastic bag and hit it against a hard surface. separate the shell and meat. peel away the brown fiber.
measure the length of time the cat spends interacting with you. move to a distance from the cat. call the cat to you. place your hand on the cat’s head. watch how the cat reacts to your hand. try petting the cat with a rubber or plastic hand. give the cat a toy and see how it reacts to the toy.
choose the right location. visit the area often. consider the safety of the neighborhood. choose your ideal neighborhood. consider your long-term and short-term goals. look at the neighborhood conditions. decide if you want to rent the property. consider hiring a real estate agent. use an online real estate search site. search the local newspaper. look for properties in your area. consider buying a vacation home in a new york or los angeles neighborhood. search for a property in a rural area. search online for a home in the usa. consider a vacation property in the uk. research the market. make a list of your top choices. contact the seller or agent.
wipe the handle with a disinfectant wipe. place something over the handle. wash your child’s hands after removing them from the seat.
make sure your character is at a reasonable level. make sure you are at least level 20. go to the grand exchange. , buy the items that you want to resell. , sell the items you don't want on grand exchange for a profit. , go to any town, city, or town that has a grand exchange, and buy items that are sold in bulk. buy a bagged plant. buy bagged plants. buy the recipe for disaster chest. buy food items. buy mithril seeds. buy chocolate bars. buy fruit and vegetables. buy seeds from zaff in varrock square, and then resell them. buy herbs. buy grass seeds. if you are a low level character, you can also buy grass seed seeds. , if you're a high level character and you have a lot of money, buy achievement diary entries.
go to the movies. spend the day at the beach. go to the park. go on a hike with your friend.
train your puggle to go potty outside. consider crate training your dog. teach your dog some basic commands. socialize your dog with other dogs and new people.
understand that there are two main types of verbs in french. learn the two main groups of verbs: avoir (to have) and etre (to be). add mangé to the end of verbs that have an -er ending. learn to conjugate ir to i or s, oir to u, and re to u. put the whole verb down, e.g. add ais and parlaistu to make the verb parlaisil (parla).
use this method for plastic slinkies only. heat a pot of water. put the slinky in the hot water. take the slink out of the water and mold it back into place. repeat the heating process if necessary. place the coiled slinky under a book. place a heavy object on top of the book. try an oven. use wire cutters to cut off the kinks.
soak up any excess material. wipe down the surface with a damp paper towel. apply a jelly compound to the keys.
organize an anagram to create a base set of letters. memorize the alphabetized anagram base sets. practice unscrambling anagrams until you can solve them in your head.
preheat oven to 350 degrees fahrenheit (180 degrees celsius). mix flour, salt, baking powder, and baking powder in a small bowl. add oat mixture to flour mixture. add apples to baking dish. remove from oven and let stand for 5 minutes. serve and enjoy. finished.
take a shower every day. use a good body lotion. exfoliate and moisturize your face. take care of your hair. brush your teeth at least once a day. wear light-colored shirts. stay in the shade. eat more fruits and vegetables. drink lots of water instead of sugary drinks, such as soda and soda. turn off the air conditioner in your house when you get home from work or school, especially if you live in a hot, humid area. , use a fan in your bedroom or bedroom.
open your iphone's app store. tap search. tap the search bar. type "whatsapp" into the search field. tap whatsapp. tap get. tap install. enter your apple id password if prompted. tap continue. tap agree. wait for whatsapp to prompt you to agree to its terms and conditions. tap accept. type in your phone number. tap done. open whatsapp on your android device. tap your phone's name. type your verification code into the text field. finish customizing your profile.
find a butterfly. attract the butterfly. put some butterfly nectar on your hand. wait for the butterfly to land. trap the butterfly in a container. put a leaf on top of the container. hold the butterfly by the tip of the wing with your thumb and index finger. slowly lift the leaf up to the butterfly's head. , hold the wing in the same way you did with the leaf. , slowly lower the leaf until the wing is on the ground. , repeat the process until the butterfly is completely trapped. , catch the butterfly with a net. , place the net in the water. , put the butterfly inside the net and close the lid. , open the lid of the net with your hand and place the butterfly on it. , gently lift the net up and out of the water until you can see the bottom of the wings. , release the butterfly and let it go. , let the butterfly go and enjoy the view of its new home. , finished.
add the ingredients listed in the "things you'll need" section of this article. pour the beer into a tall glass cup. , add the lime juice. , pour in the beer. stir gently. add the crushed ice. add a little bit of lime juice if you'd like a sweeter beer. add 1/2 cup (60 milliliters) of hot sauce. add 2/3 cup (120 grams) of crushed ice if you want a firmer beer. mix in the rest of the ingredients. add hot sauce if you like a more spicy beer. garnish the beer with a few drops of lime wedges. serve the beer and enjoy!, finished. , finished.
understand what you did wrong. apologize to your parents. don't try to talk over them. keep your voice down. choose your words carefully. ask them why they're angry. be honest with them. give them time to calm down. be willing to listen to their side of the story. give your parents the benefit of the doubt. ask your parents to forgive you. accept responsibility for your actions. make amends with your parents if you need to. ask for help if you're in trouble. talk to someone you trust if you can't talk to them.
ddissolve the yeast in a measuring cup. mix the butter, milk, butter, eggs, sugar, and salt together. add the remaining milk and flour. knead the dough on a floured surface. roll the dough into a ball. let the dough rise. push the dough down into the bowl and knead it again. divide the dough and let it rise again. flatten out the dough. cut out rounds out of the dough using a cookie cutter. place the dough onto a baking sheet. make indentations in the middle of each round. make the sauce. heat the sugar, cornstarch, and cherry juice in a saucepan. pour in the sugar and blueberries. simmer the blueberries and apricots. pour the mixture over the saucepan and add the cherry juice. add in the dried aprots and orange juice. bake the kolaches for 20 to 25 minutes. remove from the oven and let them cool on a wire rack. finished.
make sure your newborn is getting enough milk. be prepared for "accidents". give your newborn a bath. clean the umbilical cord. buy toys for your infant that are contrasting in color. give your infant a massage or hold. make sure your infant gets plenty of sleep. feed your infant every 2-4 hours. hold your baby when he/she is hungry. take care of your infant when you and your partner are tired.
be prepared to spend more time caring for your cockatiels. give each of your birds attention. prepare for one-sided attention.
choose a place to eat. look at a restaurant’s website. read online reviews. check the menu for any dietary restrictions. check out the dress code. make a reservation. arrive early. be courteous. ask your server for help if you're overwhelmed. ask for a drink. ask about specials. order your food and drink. pay attention to the environment. take your time. be aware of your surroundings. be mindful of your environment. be polite to the staff. enjoy the rest of your meal.
launch the app store. search for “superuser.” in the search results, tap on the first one on the list of results. , tap on get. tap on install. launch superuser. allow superuser to make changes to system files. select the apps you want to delete. tap the “delete” button at the top right corner of the screen. tap “yes” to delete the selected apps. tap ok to confirm deletion.
talk to your doctor about corticosteroids, botox, and other medications that may ease the pain. ask your doctor if you want botox injections. consider an electric shock shock wave therapy (esWT) if your pain doesn't go away after a year. consider surgery if nothing else is working. talk to a podiatrist or osteopath about surgery as a last resort.
decide if a salt block is right for your horse. gather your ingredients. mix the table salt, bone meal, lime, and clay together in a large bowl or pan. add water to the mixture. drain the water. mold the mixture into blocks. hang the salt block in your horse’s stall. give your horse lots of fresh, clean water. clean the block as needed. finished.
determine the banking options available to you in the other state. check eligibility requirements. open an account online. call the bank's customer service line. make a minimum deposit to fund your account.
visit the amazon associates website. log in to your amazon account. click the "join associates" link at the top of the page. click "join now" on the login screen. enter your contact information. review the other tools on the associates page. answer questions about the program. wait for your application to be approved. review amazon's astore program to see if it's right for you.
keep everything fresh and up-to-date. keep fruit on the counter until it's ripe. store grains in tight, sealed containers. don't store vegetables, onions, and garlic in the refrigerator. keep bread in a paper bag or in the toaster to extend the life of bread.
prepare your chicken wings. cook your wings. remove your wings from the oil. coat your wings with sauce. serve your wings, with your choice of accompaniments.
visit every dog that is available. observe how the dog interacts with other dogs. return to their cages. talk to the breeder or shelter staff members. ask about the dog’s family history and genetics. spend time with the dog in a quiet and secure area. spend at least 30 to 60 minutes with each dog. assess whether the dog is responsive, nervous, or independent. identify aggressive behaviors. look for signs of nervous or shy dogs. identify a responsive dog. identify an independent dog. determine if the dog has a fearful or shy personality. assess the dog's level of aggression. determine whether or not the dog needs to be spayed or neutered. ask the shelter or breeder for a temperament test. adopt the dog.
choose a model of car. lower the vehicle. get the right wheels. add a body kit to the car. give the car a vip-style interior. give your car a high-quality interior. add accessories to your car. personalize your vip car as you see fit.
open the snapchat app. open snapchat. tap ⚙️. tap quick launch. select an app. tap open. tap the quick launch half-circle.
choose a plugin to add to your server. download a plugin. install the plugin.
decide when to come out. join your school’s lgbtqq club. get involved in theater. pursue.
understand what a goiter is. recognize the symptoms. visit your doctor. ask your doctor questions. get the necessary tests.
reduce your salt intake. drink plenty of water. quit smoking. sleep on your back. get a full eight hours of sleep every night.
say "may naahm ehs" for "my name is.", say "is-mee ho" to say your name in arabic. say "nne-na-nweet-wa" for your name. use "la tood" to state your name and say it in wolof. state "ngu la mee (g)new" to mean "i'm new" or "i don't know my name anymore."
keep your luggage within arm's reach. request a room on a higher floor. do not announce your name or room number. keep your credit card away from the front desk. carry your hotel's business card with you. leave the door open when accompanied to your room by staff. check for compromised safety features. install additional safety locks. keep a flashlight by your bed or nightstand. store valuables in a combination safe in your room. ask for a receipt to replace your safe items. ask to have your room checked by a front desk representative. check your room for signs of a break-in. report suspected break-ins to the hotel. contact the police immediately.
understand voltage. understand current. understand the movement of charge. understand resistance. understand that resistance is a property inherent to the material through which current is flowing.
be aware of the business practices used by the parties you plan to share your ideas with. be choosy about who you share your idea with. provide only as much information as you need to back up your ideas. offer to deliver an original work in exchange for compensation. sign a confidentiality agreement with the entity you are submitting your idea to in order to protect your ideas from theft.
maintain a healthy weight. monitor your blood glucose levels. talk to your healthcare provider about risk factors for gestational diabetes. recognize the symptoms of high blood sugar. check your blood sugar if you are a diabetic on insulin.
open facebook. tap ☰. tap your profile picture. scroll down and tap featured photos. tap edit profile. select a photo to add to your profile. tap add from camera roll or gallery. delete a photo. tap done.
buy condoms at your local drugstore. buy condoms online. get condoms from your school nurse. use condoms in public washrooms. know the difference between male and female condoms. look for condoms with no scents or flavors. check for durable and high quality condoms. confirm there are no allergies to latex. go for condoms in regular size if you are using them yourself. determine the right size for your penis. check the size of the condom. remove the condom before using it.
wash your skin regularly. wear loose, breathable clothing. quit smoking. maintain a healthy weight. don't shave the armpits or groin. wear concealing clothing. avoid saunas, hot tubs.
choose bananas that are slightly under-ripe. buy bananas on the greener side. store bananas in a cool, dry place until they are fully ripe. place the bananas on a sheet of plastic wrap and place them in the refrigerator. place bananas in an airtight plastic bag. keep bananas and other produce together. stop the ripening process with cold.
choose a suitable jar. pour boiling water into the jar. add food coloring. add glitter and glue glitter. add the boiling water. stir in the glitter. shake the jar and watch the glitter swirl.
go to https://www.microsoft.com in a web browser. , click on powerpoint. click on settings. click in the "background:" drop-down menu. select a background color. type in a name for your image. click next. click the "save changes" button.
perform keyword searches. examine the content posted by your competitors on their own websites and blogs. conduct an online survey. track your website metrics. review government and trade journals for free market research.
place the vehicle on a smooth, level surface. compress the front of the vehicle. release the vehicle and watch it bounce. repeat the process in the rear.
understand the benefits of writing a personal mission statement. imagine the person you want to be. imagine your ideal future. learn more about yourself. ask yourself questions about your life. list your beliefs. examine your roles in life. identify your goals and deadlines. write your mission statement in the first person. write the body of your statement. add details to your statement as you go. edit your statement for clarity and clarity. proofread your statement and make any necessary changes.
choose an all-natural flavor for water. add tea to your water. finished.
dye your hair blonde. accessorize like elle. dress your dog in pink. exercise regularly. do your make-up to look more polished than usual.
take oral retinoids. ask your doctor about methotrexate hydrogel (methotrexate). consider injections as a last resort. talk to your physician about immunotherapy and biotherapy.
learn the different foot positions. start in first position. turn out your legs. keep your upper body in the same position. bend your knees. push your weight down with your legs and feet. rise slowly and fluidly. finish the demi-plié. try other positions.
open the start menu. type "windows firewall" into the search bar. click on the "search" field. click the "show advanced settings" link. review your current networks. click "advanced settings". review your firewall's advanced settings. select "turn windows firewall on or off".
preheat the oven to 350 degrees fahrenheit (180 degrees celsius). prepare the baking pan. microwave the sugar, butter, and salt. add the vanilla. pour the fudge into the pan. serve warm.
determine your calorie needs. eat balanced meals. eat foods that satisfy your cravings. keep a food diary. know your food triggers. plan your meals and snacks. eat a healthy breakfast. eat regular, small meals throughout the day. shop smart. replace unhealthy foods with healthier foods. replace high-calorie snacks with healthy ones. drink water. exercise regularly. get enough sleep. get plenty of exercise. get a good night’s sleep. eat breakfast every day. drink plenty of water. limit alcohol consumption. avoid smoking and other stimulants.
kill villagers with pumpkins. kill an iron golem with tntnt. kill villagers with a villager child. wait for the iron golems to die. kill the villagers at night. if you have cacti, put it in the middle of the path of the villagers so they can't get to it. kill zombies with a cactus. if the villagers are far enough away, put a zombie on top of a block and wait for it to fall in the hole. if there are too many villagers, kill them with a sword and put them in a pile of cactus blocks.
gather your materials. fold your stretch fabric in half and fold it in half again. cut in a straight line for the waistband. create the waist. cut along the outer edge of the bottom of the skirt. try on your fitted skirt. cut the fabric for your waist. sew your waistband pieces together. pin the waist band to your circle skirt. sew the waist to your skirt. hem the bottom edges of your skirt with a baste stitch. fold the waist over and hem the long edges. turn the skirt right side out and try it on. finished.
decide if you want to lease or buy a photocopier. , consider the life cycle of your photocopiers. consider the lease option.
decide how you're going to get there. make a list of all the things you will need to pack for your vacation, and make sure you don't forget anything on your list. plan your meals. if you are going to a place that you have never been to before, pack accordingly.
open microsoft excel. insert a pie chart. move the pie chart to the right. select the data. format the column labels. layout the chart. title the chart and enter the monthly expenses information.
play your guitar or microphone in front of your amplifier. point your amplifier towards a wall. move your instrument or microphone away from the amp. move away from your amplifier if you can.
gather your supplies. choose a dreadlock. insert the dread into the cowrie shell. secure the end of the dread. stitch the dread to the shell. knot the thread. cut the thread just above the knot. repeat this process on the other dreadlock, if desired. finished.
open the magnifier application. turn on color inversion. leave the application. right-click on the icon and select "pin to taskbar.", restore your screen colors.
remove the filter from the pump-filter assembly. , remove the filter mat from the filter assembly. clean the filter as needed. finished.
add water to the pan. mix in 1 cup of vinegar. bring the mixture to a boil. add baking soda to the mixture. wash the pan with hot water.
read all of the books in the series. read the prequels. read some of the biographies. read all the books that are not in the main series. check out the field guides. consider reading the mangas, ebooks, and novellas. decide what you want to do online.
ask yourself why you want to get a divorce. make sure you and your husband are on the same page. talk to your husband about the problems in the relationship. plan what you will say. find a quiet, private place to talk. have a third party present, if necessary. be respectful. report on your own feelings. do not try to justify your decision. be honest about your expectations for the separation. discuss your expectations with your husband. discuss the financial aspects of the separation, if there are any.
find your reason for working out. don't feel like you have to do something. think positively. set a date to work out. reward yourself. remember that you're just starting out. use hypnosis to help you get motivated. use visualization to get you motivated. get a friend or family member to do it with you (optional).
preheat oven to 350ºf/180ºc. , prepare the baking pan. in a large bowl, beat the butter, sugar, and vanilla. mix dry ingredients. in another bowl, mix the wet ingredients. pour the brownie batter into the prepared pan. , pour the cheesecake batter over the top. bake for 35 to 40 minutes, or until a skewer inserted into the center comes out.
don’t refer to the person as “a little bipolar” or “schizo.” people who have bipolar disorder are often stigmatized and stigmatized for their illness. talk to your loved one about your concerns. show compassion and support. avoid attacking or judging the person. avoid making accusations or exaggerations. avoid using threats or threats to get the other person to get help. be patient.
decide if you want to create a bootable usb drive or create an iso file. download a burning program. create your iso. backup your flash drive. back up any important data. download and install windows usb booter. insert your iso file into the usb drive. open windows usb. enter the setup key. find the boot menu. change the boot order. save your changes and exit the bios. press the key to start the setup process. wait for the installation to begin. install windows.
recognize the symptoms of wind cold. drink ginger tea. take expellin extract. try japanese honeysuckle extract. take ginseng and menthol extract. use blue dragon extract. make a mixture of cinnamon, cnidium and tea.
prepare your tomatoes. remove the seeds from the tomatoes. sprinkle the tomatoes with herbs. place the tomatoes in a sunny spot in the sun. set up a screen over a table. lay the tomatoes on the screen. cover the screen with a layer of cheesecloth. leave the tomatoes out in full sun for 1 to 2 weeks. preheat your oven to 200 degrees fahrenheit (93 degrees celsius). place the baking sheet on a baking sheet and place them in the oven. remove them from the oven when they are completely dry. transfer the tomatoes to an air-tight container and store them in a cool, dark place. store the dried tomatoes in the refrigerator.
use a roller reefing system to shorten the mainsail. use an automated system. use a furling system.if you have access to a boat with furling, you may be able to reef.
choose your alcoholic drink. choose your non-alcoholic drink. fill the shot glasses with your drinks. place your shot glasses on an even, hard surface. finished.
make sure the wall can support the stucco. wet the wall. mix the first coat. apply the scratch coat. trowel on the second coat. allow the scratch and brown coats to cure completely. moisten the surface. apply a decorative finish coat, if desired. let the finish coat cure for at least seven days, or longer if the weather permits.
moisturize your hands with olive or coconut oil. apply shea butter to your hands. soak your hands in milk and rolled oats overnight.
decide what kind of game it is. think of a theme for the level. make sure that the music fits the theme of the game. give the level a boss. don't be afraid to try to think outside the box. if the level is non-linear make sure to have bosses.
go to http://www.optoutprescreen.com. click “opt out now” at the top of the page. select the “electronic opt-out for five years” option. enter your personal information. fill out the form to opt out. print out the opt out form and mail it to the indicated address. finished.
keep at least two pairs of clippers on hand. keep the blades sharpened. clean the blades. oil the clippers. keep your clippers at room temperature. finished.
make sure your device is compatible. open your messaging app. open the keyboard. access the emoji menu. choose your emoji. delete an emoji. return to your normal keyboard.
clean the feeder according to the season. replace the nectar when it goes bad. deep clean with bleach once a month, if necessary.
recognize the attack move before it happens. move your head to change where the punch is going to land. make an educated guess.
wash your hands before and after handling the food you wish to eat.
keep a good register of users. send out regular email newsletters to your customers. participate in online discussion groups and forums. keep track of customer feedback on review websites.
determine if the "debt snowball" method is right for you. make a list of debts to pay off. pay off the first debt. continue paying off.
use static frames. use pans. use tilts. use close ups. use movement. use handheld shots. use Steadicams. use tracking. zoom- zoom is a very powerful tool in film making, but it can be used too often or too quickly it detracts from your film. use track in/track out. zoom in/out - this is the most common zoom used in films, but is not very effective.
decide what you want from your tattoo. find a list of artists you like. narrow down your list. contact the artist. have a consultation. follow up with the artist’s social media accounts. ask the artist questions about their experience. ask for references. find out how long the artist has been in business. ask about their payment methods. check out the artist's website. ask questions. get a signed contract. get the tattoo done. enjoy!
use a variety of airfare search engines. look for flights from nearby airports. search specific airlines’ websites. sign up for travel alerts. add airlines to your social media profiles. search for flights at the right time. search months before your flight. split your flight with a friend or family member. book your flight online. check the airline’s website for special offers. book a standby flight instead.
find the number of grams of carbohydrates in the product. multiply by four to find the calories. multiply the number in grams by four for protein. add protein grams.
prepare the terrarium container. add gravel or pebbles to the bottom of the container. sprinkle moss over the top of the gravel/pebbles. add a layer of soil. pack the soil down with your hands. add plants to the soil. add more soil around the plants. fill in the rest of the space with soil.
do not crush or chew the pill. break the pill open. put the pill in a solid food. take a small bite of the food. hold the pill between your thumb and forefinger, then bite it with your index finger. finished.
practice your reflexes. keep your eye on the ball. work on your footwork. pay attention to your opponent's body language. be aware of where the ball is likely to go. be confident and stay calm. be prepared for the possibility of physical injury. don't be afraid to dive. stay in your own box. stay on your feet. don’t be afraid of making mistakes.
choose a medium-traffic location for your ad. choose an ad that is likely to be seen by a wide range of potential audience. , target a demographic.
preheat your oven to 350°f (177°c). pour 1 cup (240 milliliters) of merlot red wine into a large saucepan and set it on the stove. peel and peel an orange, then add 2 to 3 cloves to it. add the orange and cinnamon sticks to the saucepan. add 2 cups (500 grams) of cranberries. cook the cranberries for 1 to 2 hours, stirring occasionally. pour the orange juice and cinnamon into a bowl, then pour the wine over it. stir in some sugar, if desired, then stir it in again. serve the mulled wine in hot, boiling mugs. garnish the wine with some cinnamon sticks or orange slices, then serve it. finished.
know that this game can be played with any number of players. find a suitable playing surface to play the game on. choose a base to play on. find an imaginary line to mark the imaginary line that the kicking player should cross when they kick the ball. know what to do if the ball lands in front of them. know how to run the bases. understand what happens when a player misses a ball. recognize what happens to a player when they overstep a base. know that you can't return to a base after leaving it. know the out and foul rules. know when the ball is live. understand that interference can happen. recognize that a player can be called out if they make an error on the fielding team. realize that you don't have to stop running the bases after a player is out. understand how to end the game if one team gets too many outs. play some more rounds.
wear a red heel for a special occasion. wear a simple red pump for a casual look. wear red flats if you don't want to go wild. try a heel if you want to look classy. consider a deeper shade.
recognize the symptoms. know the risk factors for dpd. consider other risk factors. be aware of other mental health conditions. get a proper diagnosis from a mental health professional.
do something nice for the person. make the person feel like they’re missing out. question whether they always have the right to vote. establish a personal connection. ask the person to vote at the next election. explain the reasons why they should vote. make it clear that voting is about having a say on the future. make sure they understand what’s at stake. remind them of the history of the last election. emphasize the importance of voting. tell them that they have the power to make a difference. ask them to think about the consequences of not voting. encourage them to get involved in their community. encourage others to get out and vote as well. be persistent.
track your dog's bathroom habits. train your dog to eliminate on command. praise your dog when he eliminates outside. do not punish your dog after an accident. clean up accidents thoroughly.
choose and cut your embroidery floss. tie a small knot at the end of each string. tie knots on the left side of the strings. start on the right side. work your way to the right. repeat the process. continue weaving the bracelet. braid a 3” section of string.
plan well in advance. decide whether you want a jewish wedding. choose a rabbi or cantor. talk to prospective rabbis about your wedding plans. reserve the services of a rabbi. make arrangements for the rabbi's honorarium.
make sure your xbox one is connected to the internet. connect your tv to your console. connect the kinect sensor to the console. plug in the power supply. turn on your console with your controller. start the setup process. select a language. select your country. choose your internet connection. download the update. press the home button. select the time zone. set up your kinect. create an account. choose a theme. select an avatar. select what you want to save. save your settings.
turn on the light. adjust the magnification of the nosepiece. place the slide on the stage of the microscope.
begin with a vector equation. determine the number of elements in the equation. identify the coefficients of each compound. set up the vector equation for the compound. row-reduce the coefficients. solve for x1{\displaystyle x_{1}} to x6{\display style x_{6},} in the coefficient matrix. write the row reduction matrix. solve the matrix. find the value of the free variable x6,{\displaytype x_6}. solve for the row and column coefficients. write out the matrix for the coefficient of each row. write down the row values of the rows and columns in the coefficients matrix. fill in the matrix with the row- and column-variable values of each element. write your solution. check your work.
gather information about the property. research the local market. review your research. create a draft of the proposal. organize your information. write your pitch. structure your proposal. make your proposal easy to read. make sure your proposal is complete. include a cover letter. include contact information. make a copy of your proposal for your records. submit your proposal to a real estate agent. have your proposal reviewed by a lawyer or accountant.
consider spooning. try the spooning variation. consider sleeping on your side. consider the side-sleep position. consider sexual intimacy. consider how you will use the covers. put yourself on the 'outside' of the bed. try not to wake your partner. turn down the thermostat or open the window. turn on some music. wear light clothing. switch to a thinner duvet. clean up.
defeat the elite four. catch 60 unique pokémon. use max repel. ride your bike. don’t worry if it gets away from you. choose your starter. pick up around 15 to 20 legendary beasts. use a move to keep the legendary beast from escaping. capture a legendary beast in battle.
don’t put the issue on “pause.” it’s important to have the discussion. identify what you want from the relationship. prepare what you will say. plan the outcome. be open to new ideas. share your expectations. ask questions. listen to your significant other. take responsibility for your own feelings. avoid blaming. ask yourself if you’ve made the relationship worth it. ask for help. be willing to compromise. take some time to think it over.
find the file you want to restore. view previous versions of the file. download the version you want. restore the file to its original version.
fill the steam cleaner's tank with vinegar. add the recommended amount of vinegar to the cleaning solution. steam clean the rug. allow the rug to air-dry for at least 24 hours. finished.
pay attention to suspicious behavior. check the customer's id. verify that the card is not a forgery. make a code 10 authorization call, if necessary.
wear the ring on your right ring finger. wear the ring with the heart on the end of your finger. turn the ring around to the center of your hand when you've found someone special. finished.
make a sticky note mosaic. make origami and 3d models. use sticky notes to clean your keyboard. use them as a makeshift coaster for drinks.
don't bathe your quail unless they need it. understand why you should only bathe a quail if they need to be washed. understand the risks of bathing your quails. know what to look for when deciding whether or not to bathe. look at the substance that is on the quail's feathers. make sure your bird is healthy before you bathe them. finished.
realize that forgiveness is a choice. let go of your anger. analyze the situation. talk to someone you trust. express your emotions. practice self-soothing. learn from others' experiences. give yourself time to work on forgiveness. take your time. listen to the other person's side of the story. ask for forgiveness. accept responsibility for your actions. make amends with the person who hurt you. forgive the person if you need to. seek forgiveness from the person you hurt.
divide the perimeter of the square by 4. multiply the perimeter by 1/4. find the length of a side. square the side length.
finish your work. participate in class discussions. keep a low profile in class. be on time for class.
be confident. smile. be yourself. get enough exercise. have good posture. do what you love. buy only what you need. choose clothes that suit you. choose your friends wisely. don't worry about what other people think about your skin. get good grades. work hard in school. eat a healthy diet. drink lots of water. get a good night's sleep every night. get rid of any bad habits. be kind to your body. be confident in who you are and what you can do. be nice to everyone. be a good listener. be friendly. be positive. be self-confidentifying. be independent. be the best version of yourself you can be. be open to new experiences and new people.
feed your baby throughout the day. stick to a regular nap schedule. keep your baby occupied during the day and quiet at night.
go to http://www.youtube.com/en-us/ and click on download mp3s/mp3s. , select what you want to download. download the mp3 files to your mp3 player. download itunes or mediago.
do exercises that work your whole body. join a sports team. don't focus only on abdominal exercises. walk instead of eating when you're bored.
don’t smoke. practice relaxation techniques. get regular exercise. eat a healthy, well-balanced diet to stay healthy.
earn a bachelor’s degree in a field related to zoology or wildlife biology. complete a core curriculum in biology, chemistry, math and physics. get involved with extracurricular activities. earn a master's degree in biology or biology. consider specializing in a specific area of research. apply for internships and internships. look for a job as a research assistant or research assistant.
create descriptive urls. make your blog’s pages easier to navigate. organize your site for bots. check your code for errors.
put the sheet and covers back on the bed. wait for your partner to wake up. get out of the bed quickly.
go to the settings menu. tap on “privacy” and then “location services” from the menu. turn on the location services. select the applications that can access your location services from the applications menu. choose your applications.
go to bed at the same time every night. maintain a consistent sleeping schedule. make your bedroom a comfortable sleeping environment. avoid excessive caffeine. avoid watching television or using electronic devices before bed. take a warm bath. consider taking a short nap. eat a healthy, balanced diet. exercise regularly. get enough sleep. avoid caffeine and alcohol before bedtime. avoid stimulants and stimulants during the day. see your doctor.
do not feed your cat foods that can make your cat sick or die. know what foods your cat can and cannot eat. look at the nutrition facts on the food before you feed it to your cat. get a plate and some table scraps. put the food on the plate in front of your cat, and make sure there is no salt, sugar, or salt on it. give the cat the food to eat when you are done eating.
find a good place to stretch. wear comfortable clothes. warm up. do some light stretching. stretch in the middle splits. sit in the splits. put a pillow under your feet. stand up and stretch your legs apart. put your hands on the ground in front of you. , reach for the ground. sit down and spread your legs as far as you can. stretch your arms. reach out and grab the ground with your hands. , roll your wrists around. roll your ankles around. stand and stretch for at least 30 seconds. , put your arms on the floor. , stand up. stretch with your arms and legs spread apart. , stretch your wrists. stand in the straddle position. , do some tricks. , sit back down and relax.
know your hair type. wash your hair less often. let your hair air dry instead of blow drying it. use conditioner and water to remove split ends and split ends. apply oil to soften your hair. use water instead of shampoo. apply a moisturizing product. use a protein conditioner or hair protein. apply coconut grease to your scalp. clean your hair with a neutralizing shampoo once a month.
have classy hair. dress classy. have good posture. smile. have nice shoes. don't wear too much make-up. have a good personality. have friends.
pack a balanced lunch. avoid the five worst meals at school. look for whole grain options. choose low-fat or fat-free milk and fruit juices. divide your plate into four sections and keep portions the size of your fist.
use word games. use words. make the words funny. use rhymes. associate the information with a route or path. make it into a song. describe how the information looks. describe the spellings.
clip your horse’s neck and sides. clip the mane and tail. clip their face last. trim extra long hair with a pair of cutting shears. sweep up the hair left on the ground. cover your horse in blankets.
go to cnet. go to resource hacker. download explorer.exe. copy the file. paste the file to your desktop. open explorer. exe. now go to file>save as... save as explorerhack.exe as "explorer.exe". go to start>run... then type in "regedit". log on to your computer. log off, then log on.
fill two large plastic baggies with water and seal them up with plastic wrap. place the shoes in the freezer for at least 24 hours. remove the shoes from the freezer and place them on a plate or tray. place a smaller plastic bag inside the shoe cavity and a larger one inside the freezer cavity. put the shoes back into the freezer. take the shoes out of the freezer when the time is right. try the shoes on and walk around in them to warm them up.
get a shot glass. gather your ingredients. chill the alcohol. pour the first layer of alcohol into the glass. pour in the amaretto liqueur. add the second layer of baileys cream. top off the shot with the third layer. check the shot. experiment with variations.
understand the differences between a donkey and a horse. understand the benefits of riding a donkey. know the disadvantages of riding the donkey. find a qualified trainer. choose the right size donkey. choose a donkey with the right temperament. find out if the donkey was trained to be ridden. make sure the donkey is patient. get a donkey that’s a good fit. get the right type of saddle. choose an appropriate bridle. buy a good halter. get an appropriate saddle. purchase a saddle and lead. buy an appropriate halter and saddle. buy the right boots. buy riding gear. purchase riding boots. purchase other equipment as needed.
find some bones. find a forest with wolves in it. feed the wolf a bone every time it gets a red collar. right click on the wolf and it will become aggressive. feed it meat and heal it.
do the wedgie trick. walk with a large step. talk in a high-pitched voice. act like you have a strange pet. dye your hair a different colour. act crazy and jump up and down a lot. pretend you are a bird. pretend to be a goth. do the blood scream trick. pretend that you have an imaginary friend. if someone accuses you of having a mental problem, get really mad at them.
acknowledge your feelings. seek counseling. talk to a friend or family member. join a support group. do something special for yourself. exercise after recovery. see a doctor if you are at risk for another ectopic pregnancy or have previous ectopic pregnancies.
get a relevant degree. enroll in a production assistant boot camp. get experience working in the media industry. be willing to work long hours. develop your oral communication skills. learn to edit video. learn how to operate the camera. learn production terminology. know what you want to be. network with people in the field. create a demo reel. apply for entry-level positions. be prepared to work in a variety of jobs. keep your skills up-to-date. be flexible and adaptable. be a team player.
lay your shirt on a flat surface. fold up the bottom of the shirt. fold the sleeves inwards and backward. roll the shirt into a rectangle. tuck in the cuff.
decide if you want a free or gold account. go to the xbox live website. sign up for a microsoft id. pick a username and gamertag for your xbox account.
determine which cities you’ll be traveling between. determine the number of travelers. set your travel dates. make sure you have everyone’s information.
decide what type of schedule you’ll use. make sure you have all of your exam dates in front of you. make note of any breaks in your class schedule. calculate how much time you have to study. prioritize your exams. choose a time of day to study best. add in your non-studying obligations. be realistic about your schedule. schedule your study time in two-hour blocks. split your study sessions into smaller chunks. change up your study material. don’t cram too much into one session. make time for breaks. schedule time to do fun things. take breaks between study sessions. schedule a study break. don't be afraid to ask for help when you need it.
download and install the poshmark app from the app store or google play. log in to your account. click on the “create profile” button at the top of the app. click the ‘create profile picture’ button. click “next”. click your unique username. click "next’. click and drag the maroon toolbar at the bottom of the screen to the right of your username. use the search bar to search for items and people. search for people to follow. view your “shop”s. sell your items. take or upload a cover shot. view the news. learn the lingo. learn how to use the support guide. learn to manage your sales. manage your account settings. learn more about your user base. learn about other closets. follow other poshers. find other sellers. be patient.
set the right atmosphere. prepare meals at home. focus on the food. eliminate distractions. eat mindfully. stop when you're full. eat with others.
measure your pant leg. cut the elastic to size. work the elastic through the hem of the pants. secure the elastic with a safety pin. fasten the elastic band to the pant leg hem.
try herbal teas. massage essential oils into your temples. take a magnesium supplement. try a foot bath to relieve headache pain.
determine the occasion for the speech. determine your purpose. eliminate topics that are too complicated or too controversial. avoid topics that don't fit the mood of the occasion.
remain calm. shift the focus. make a joke. be confident. cope with verbal aggression effectively.
open the settings app on your iphone. tap itunes or icloud. decide if you want to perform a factory reset.tap the "settings" app.tap "general" and then "reset.", tap "factory reset". wait for the reset to complete. start setup.
purchase an optical audio output cable. plug the end of the cable into your ps4's optical output port. plug your speakers into the optical audio port. turn on the ps4 and test it out.
do not discount prior results. include any mitigating factors in your estimation process. assign an accuracy rating to your estimate based on your knowledge of the task at hand and your level of confidence in the estimate.
exfoliate your buttocks daily. wash your buttocks with a mild soap and warm water. avoid using toilet paper on your buttocks. use a mild detergent made for sensitive skin. wear breathable underwear. take vitamins. stay hydrated. avoid junk food. avoid sitting for long periods of time. see a dermatologist if your acne persists after a few years. talk to your doctor if you have food allergies, or if you are allergic to certain foods that may be causing your acne.
buy a pair of gardening gloves. buy a good pair of pruning shears. get a good set of secateurs. get some pruning tools. buy an appropriate handsaw.
emphasize your lack of confidence. accept compliments as a compliment. try to understand your classmate’s motivation to cheat.
wear neon accessories. add neon to your outfit. wear neon to keep you warm. carry a neon handbag or clutch.
make sure the bluetooth mouse is compatible with your computer.this mouse is a bluetooth wireless mouse that works with the apple iphone, ipad, and ipad touch. set up the mouse.this is a simple process that you can do by following the instructions on the apple menu. use the mouse like a pc mouse. click on any part of the surface. right-click. move your finger in and out of a circle. swipe your finger around. swipe left and right. zoom in on your desktop. use “control” on your keyboard to zoom in.
launch inbox. log into your goge account. tap the three vertical dots on the upper right corner of the screen.
use the right shampoo and conditioner. consider layers. take care of your hair. style your hair gently. experiment with different hairstyles. appreciate your wavy hair. finished.
assemble the items needed to complete the project. find a suitable font and crest. write the letter on parchment paper. fold the letter in half and put it in an envelope. fold it in half again and put the crest on the front of the envelope. write your friend's address on the back of the letter. deliver the letter to your friend using the postal service. finished.
don’t wait too long. avoid hiring a family friend to be your attorney. avoid attorneys who promise you a victory. look for an attorney who specializes in the kind of work you need. file your case as soon as possible. do your research. meet in person. ask the right questions. bring a trusted friend or family member to your initial consultation. consider the cost of the attorney’s services. ask about the attorney's experience. ask questions about the lawyer's fee structure. ask for references from friends and family. read online reviews. ask your prospective attorney about his or her disciplinary history. ask how the attorney communicates with other attorneys. make your final decision.
learn the metrical and rhyme patterns of a quatrain. experiment with different rhyme schemes. practice writing a practice qu atrain. choose a rhyme scheme that suits your poem. develop a full thought bubble before writing the poem. learn the history of the rhyme pattern. use a contrasting rhyme in the first stanza. use contrasting rhymes in the second and third stanzas. read the poem out loud and revise it.
get a binder. hire someone to help you organize your files and papers. make sure everything is easily accessible. do an organization check. use your organization to your advantage. enjoy being an entrepreneur now!
practice good posture. breathe deeply. warm up before you sing. train your ear. sing scales to improve your range. sing the notes that are comfortable for you. avoid straining your voice. practice articulation. find a vocal teacher. practice regularly. choose a variety of genres. sing in front of a crowd. join a choir. sing with a group. sing along to cds. record yourself singing. practice with a recording studio. take voice lessons. take singing lessons. get a voice coach. take vocal lessons. consider taking voice lessons at a local community college. get professional help.
clean your toilet seat regularly. fasten toilet seat bolts with rubber bushings. install seat stabilizers. replace toilet seat parts that wear out, crack, or become brittle.
find a reputable sports-betting venue or site in las vegas. find a casino that offers sports betting. bet on soccer online. use an online betting site to bet online.
increase the chances of multiple births. have a doctor predict the gender of the baby. eat food that matches the gender the doctor predicts. if you have twins, increase the odds of getting a girl.
determine if you qualify for an offer in compromise. determine if you are eligible to apply for anoffer in compromise with the irs. determine whether you are ineligible to file for offer in compromising. hire a tax attorney or tax specialist. complete the required forms. make the agreed upon payments. appeal.
eat and drink polyphenol-rich foods throughout the day. avoid refined foods. choose foods that are rich in anthocyanins. choose food that is rich in polyphenols. choose beverages that are high in poly phenols. drink beer. choose dark chocolate and cocoa. choose astringent, bitter foods. select foods that make you cry. choose organic foods. look for words with the word “polyphenol” in the name. read the ingredients list. choose a list of foods that contain carotenoids. choose fruits and vegetables rich in carotens. choose vegetables that contain other polyphenolic compounds.
gather your materials. line up your deck balusters. drill a hole in your mdf panel. attach your felt to the mdf. cut your felt. wrap the felt around the hole. create a pvc pipe fitting. line your course. create obstacles. create the loop-de-loop design.
know the terms. find your niche. if you're looking for a collection, don't be afraid to collect a variety of cookbooks from different countries. start with women's cookbooks. look for cookbooks that were published in the late 1800s and early 1900s. learn about the women who wrote the cookbook. look into the 1920s and 1950s. decide how long you want to collect your cookbook collection. read up on the history of what makes a book so valuable. do your research. decide what you're willing to pay for the book. look online. go to garage sales. visit flea markets. check out thrift stores. visit thrift shops. visit garage sales in person. go online.
ask them to talk in private. find a way to get them alone. do something you both enjoy together. hint that you like them. if you are in a relationship, keep it casual. talk to your friend about it. write them a love letter. just say it.
live in the same location for one year or longer. maintain employment. open a bank account. have a phone with you.
learn about the symbolism of the egg. learn about the role of the easter bunny. study the origins of easter candy. learn the history of the e easter parade. learn how to recognize the tradition of wearing new clothes on easter.
download the android file transfer app from the app store. connect your device to your mac via usb cable. open the app on your mac. drag and drop the files you want to transfer onto your android device. finished.
allow the mortar to dry overnight. apply grout to the tiles. clean the grout. apply a grout and tile sealer.
hold the ginger firmly against a cutting board. cut across the ginger fibers. cut the ginger into coins. slice the coins into slivers. finished.
prepare the fresh green tea leaves for the brewing process. wither the fresh tea leaves on the withering racks. roll the leaves. dry the tea leaves. after the drying process, the leaves are put on the drying rack to dry. , dry the leaves on a rack. fire the tea. brew the green tea. enjoy your brewed green tea!
create a catalyst bath. cut the tip off the tip of the 100% silicone. knead the silicone. flatten out the master part of the master item. press the master piece into the mold. allow the mold to cure for 1 hour before removing.
get a copy of your results from your doctor. learn a little about the anatomy of your skeleton. find out which side of your body the scan was taken from. determine the dates and times of each bone scan. look for "hot spots" in your bones. check for "cold spots.", understand how to interpret the results. talk to your doctor about your results. get a referral for a bone scan from a osteoporosis specialist. ask your doctor for a referral to a specialist.
create a good economy. build a good number of barracks for your goths, and place them in strategic locations around the city. create a good amount of militia, but make sure that they are not too expensive, as they will be needed for defense.
prepare your basement for the framing by removing all furniture from the basement. , install the basement wall framing. install the studs, or furring, or wall studs. lay out the framework on the concrete or cinder block wall. lay down the sheetrock. lay the second row of sheetrock on top of the first row. place the third row of sheets on top. cut the bottom sheetrock to the same height as the top row. break the sheet rock. apply fiberglass tape to the walls. allow the walls to dry for 24 hours. , apply a coat of polyurethane varnish.
get a toslink cable. find your computer’s oslink port. connect the cable to the soundbar. plug the tos link into your computer. turn on your pc.
harvest the top ears first. check the silks for dryness. check for ripeness. remove the corn from the stalk. eat the corn within 24 hours of harvesting it. repeat.
increase your stamina. increase your running speed. raise your shooting skill. increase the accuracy of your aim. fight!, increase your melee skill. improve your sneaking skill. decrease your noise level. fly. drive a car. raise the max speed of your vehicle. do the special dive animation. swim faster.
let the car air out. don't let the vomit sit for too long. use baking soda. use an air freshener to mask the smell.
use a plunger. try a barbed drain cleaner. use an aerosol drain cleaner or water bladders. run hot water through the drain. treat the drain with a biological cleaner. call a professional.
encourage your loved one to be motivated for treatment. support the person in finding treatment. discuss treatment options with the person with ocd. help the person find the best treatment for her. consider family therapy. see a mental health specialist. encourage family involvement in treatment. be supportive of the person’s decision to take medication. give up control. practice self-care and self-love.
choose your pants. choose your shirt. select your jacket. choose a halter outfit. select a belt and buckle. choose the type of hat. wear a hat. if you are a man, you must always wear a cowboy hat. , choose a neck piece and jewellery. finished.
make sure you have a full inventory of furs. go to edgeville and make sure your lodestone is active. go north of seers village and look for some snowdrifts. follow the tracks until you find sabre toothed kyatts(level 55-60). sell the furs to the grand exchange in keldagrim. go back to seers Village and sell your furs in edgeville. , go to the bank and deposit your wares in the bank. sell your kebbits in the snow drifts and sell them in the market.
choose the right time of year. use a sunny day. choose a concentrated herbicide. dilute the herbicide with water. apply the herbicides to the privet patch. repeat the treatment one year after the treatment.
evaluate the collector's reasons for collecting comic books. evaluate the size of the collection. look at the condition of the comic book. examine the quality of the comics themselves. consider the number of titles in the collection, as well as the overall number of issues. consider how the comic books were published. consider whether the comics were published by a particular publisher. evaluate how the comics are presented. evaluate whether the books are in good condition. compare the value of the books individually.
purchase a harness. put the harness on your ferret. attach a leash. hold the leash and let your ferrets walk around.
go with the flow. allow yourself to be guided by your hypnotist. begin to fall asleep. give hypnosis time to work.
have a weekly meal plan. make a shopping list. go grocery shopping on a weekly basis. chop ingredients on the weekend. give batch cooking a chance. use your leftovers in your next meal. use a crockpot to make healthy meals on the go.
understand that you don't know the dog. ask the owner where the dog likes to be petted. watch out for dogs with no owner. look for aggressive dogs. watch for signs of aggression. get down on the dog's level. look away if the dog is shy or skittish. offer your fist for the dog to sniff. look at the body language. pet the dog from the side of the head. move to the back of the neck and shoulders. move your hand to the base of the ears. be aware of other areas the dog doesn't like to be touched. be gentle. move slowly and gently. pay attention to how the dog reacts to your petting. watch the tail and tail movements. pay close attention to the dog when you pet it. finished.
take a shower or bath every day. wash your face twice a day. clean your hands. brush your teeth. take care of your hair. keep your nails clean. eat a healthy diet. have healthy habits that will help you to stay clean within and outside of the house. stay organized. keep the house clean. live in a clean environment to feel clean yourself.
develop a website that is easy to navigate and has the right size for your audience. make sure your website has a professional look. focus on the content of your website, not the design. demonstrate your knowledge and expertise. make your website easy to find and navigate. display your website on the first page when a user performs a search for your business on the internet. use a sitemap and alt tags on your website. maintain a positive customer experience.
choose a charitable organization to donate to. make an in-kind donation. keep records of your charitable donations. report your charitable giving deduction.
do not use a "reverse cell phone lookup" website unless you are absolutely sure it is legitimate. search for the company's name in the better business bureau directory. enter your credit card number if the website asks you to do so. do not enter your personal information if the site asks you for your social security number or other private information in order to pay.
go to the stronghold of security and kill a dragon. go to the grand exchange and buy a willow bow, iron arrows, and mithril arrows. , kill a minotaur. kill a flesh crawler. kill an arctic dragon.
train on goblins until you reach level 10. train on minotaurs and goblins until level 20. switch to cowhides at level 15. fight chaos druids until level 30. fight white knights until level 40. train and range lesser demons until level 50. fight hill giants until level 60. fight blue dragons until level 65. fight werewolves until level 70. kill metal dragons. kill aviansies until level 80. train in the god wars dungeon until level 90. fight taverley giants at level 80-90. fight dragon slayers at level 90-90 until you get bored of them. kill goblins at level 85-99. fight goblins at levels 90-99 until you don't get bored. fight orcs at level 100-100 until you are satisfied with their level. fight monsters at level 110-100. fight zombies at level 95-99, but don't kill them until you have a full inventory of good items to sell. , train on monsters at levels 80-99 and sell them in the grand exchange for good profit. sell your loot.
check with your rabbi to see if you are eligible to attend yom kippur services at your local synagogue. understand the basic rules of yom Kippur observance. on the eve of the holiday, you will be required to fast for 24 hours. before the service begins, you should prepare yourself for the service. attend the service, which will take place in the synagogue. after the service is over, you can go home and eat a light meal, drink water, and go back to your home and prepare for the rest of the day. , on the second day, return to the synagogue for the second service. go home at the end of the service and enjoy your day with your family, friends, and loved ones.
draw an oval for the head. draw the eyes. add eyelashes to the top and bottom of the eyelid. draw two eye-lights. add the pupil. add some eyelashes, if desired. , draw the eyelashes. add eyeshadow to the eyelids. add a few lines to the eye. darken the pupils. add zig-zags. add eye-light(s). add the irises. shade in the rest of the eye with a dark shade. pen in the shading. color in the eyes with your favorite colors. do the same thing with the other eye. add mascara. color the lips and mouth. , you're done!, finished. , finished.
choose a cup. clear a flat, stable surface. place your cup in front of you. sing a song. clap twice over the cup. tap the top of the cup with your finger(s). clap once more above the cup to the beat of the music. pick up your cup and clap it back down. grab the cup and tap it to the table. slap the cup against the table with your right hand. lift the cup off the table and slap it with your left hand. slide the cup back and forth. repeat the process if desired.
take your pet to a friend's or sitter's home. find a safe home for a rabbit, ferret, or guinea pig. choose a kennel.
decide what size of dog you would like. determine what attributes you want in a dog. research potential breeds. make your breed decision.
prepare a professional report. present your report to human resources. talk to someone in the chain of command. contact the eeoc if you need help.
remove the pepper’s stem. remove the pepper's ribs and seeds. cut the pepper into rings, if desired, and serve.
open the messages app on your iphone or android phone. visit the self-solve imessage website. enter the mobile number you want to de-register. enter your code. restart your phone.
choose a sulfate-free shampoo. buy a new conditioner that doesn't contain silicones. trim your hair. wash your hair less often. take cold showers. dry your hair the right way. avoid over-styling. don't blow-dry your hair every day. get your hair trimmed and shaped regularly. eat a healthy diet. stay hydrated. get enough sleep.
take a hot shower or bath. wash your skin with warm water. use your hands to exfoliate your skin. use a sponge or a loofah. scrub your skin gently with the sponge. start at the ankles and work your way down your body. try using sand. rinse your body with a body rinse. repeat this process at least three times a week for best results.
make sure the pogo stick is in good condition. check the weight limit. make sure you are wearing the proper safety gear. choose the right size pogo-stick. avoid using a pogostick in traffic or in the middle of the street. practice your balance on a balance board. stand with one foot on the foot rest and the other on the handlebars. push down with one leg. jump. jump up and down. lean away from your body. start jumping in one direction. do tricks. get comfortable with jumping on the stick. learn to hop. learn how to pogo roll. do a back and forth roll. try a backflip. try the back flip. do the backflop. try to do a front flip. try doing a forward flip. finished.
get enough sleep. exercise regularly. avoid alcohol and smoking. avoid smoking, secondhand smoke, and alcohol.
open the tab you want to mute. look for a black speaker icon in the address bar. click the speaker icon. click ⌘️. click mute. click yes when prompted.
blend the raspberries, strawberries, and cranberry-raspberry juice. heat the raspberry mixture. add the remaining ingredients. chill the soup. stir in the yogurt. blend the blueberries, sugar, and juice. pour the soup into a serving bowl and serve.
mix the cacao, sweetener and vanilla extract. heat up your milk in the microwave. add the chocolate to the milk. microwave the hot chocolate for 15 seconds.
say "jag jag. say "elskälska.", say "elskuh day.", use "dig" for "you.", put all three words together to make "i love you.", say it all together to get "i dig day.", repeat the phrase with "jaag elskuh yah day."
install floating shelves. put up multiple rows of shelves on one wall. use standing shelves to create a playroom or living room space.
decide what kind of cleanse you want to do. be aware of the risks of colon cleanses. eat foods that contain good bacteria. talk to your doctor. choose the right foods. use fresh produce. make smoothies. try a green cleanse recipe. make an aloe vera cleanse. try an apple juice smoothse. make a garlic and carrot smoothie. drink a water enema. finished.
preheat the oven. wrap the avocado in aluminum foil. bake the avocado for an hour. test for softness. remove the foil and serve.
learn how to use the silk screen t-shirt printing equipment. decide what type of t-shirts you want to sell. find your niche. draw up a business plan. apply for a business license, if necessary. choose a location for your business. purchase the necessary equipment. hire employees, if needed. obtain a business bank loan, if you don't already have one. , register your business with your city's chamber of commerce. , apply for an employer identification number (ein) from the department of revenue and taxation in your city or province. , open a shop in your location. set up your printing and distribution facilities. advertise your business online and in the local media. , set up a paypal and invoicing service for your customers. , hire employees. , market your silk screen business.
find a teacher or tutor. learn on your own. trade your skills for other people's.
set up a quarantine tank for your new fish. acclimate the new fish to the quarantine tank. do a 25 to 30 percent water change. feed the existing fish in the tank first. rearrange the accessories in the aquarium. acclimatize the fish with the main tank water. introduce the fish into the tank.
look at the company’s email address, phone number, and website address. check with the local chamber of commerce. look at the hyperlinks on the website. check the website for contradictions. read through the terms of use and privacy policy. look for a lack of content on the site. check if they only accept paper check or cash.
buy a kimono. remove the tabi socks. put on the juban (juban). remove the white slip collar. wrap the koshi himo around your neck. adjust the length of the collar. tie a koshi heo belt around your waist. bring some of the excess material down to cover the belt. slide the kosho over the front of your waist, then slide it down over the back of your hips. , slide the front part of your koshi-heo belt over the top of the waist. slip the obi over your waist and slide it over your back. slip on the cri-sugata over your head and slide the collar over your neck again.
purchase an induction coil microphone. connect the microphone to a computer. attach the induction coil to the phone. record your conversation with the microphone.
look for ways to improve the relationship. forgive your friend, if you want to. decide if your friend is clingy or overbearing. give yourself a break from your friend.
use a free office suite. use a free online office suite for personal use.
turn your body away from the conversation. ask to be excused. interrupt the person when they are talking too much. tell the person that you don't want to talk right now.
wipe grease stains off quickly. turn on a fan above your oven. do not cook near your tea kettle when you're using your stove.
communicate with each other. focus on the positive. accept your partner. do new things together. seek couple’s.
comb your hair. wash your hair with shampoo and conditioner. apply conditioner directly to the sewn part of your extensions. dry your hair completely with a hairdryer or blow dryer. finished.
take care of your clothing. remove stains as soon as you can. sew a button or sew a seam closed. fix holes with a patch. hem clothing. try darning. fix zippers and zippers. restyle worn clothing. fix ripped or ripped fabric. fix a garment with thread. fix an old shirt or dress with a new shirt. fix the hem. repair a zipper that is stuck in place. repair an unzipped zipper. fix other zipper problems. fix fabric damage. fix rips and tears. fix stains. fix dandruff. fix broken or ripped seams. fix torn or ripped edges. fix tears.
learn about the life sciences. understand the difference between a clinical laboratory technician and a clinical lab scientist. decide what type of degree you want to obtain. choose the right university. make sure your school is accredited. take the right classes. look for job postings. learn how to perform basic laboratory tasks. learn to use laboratory equipment. learn about lab safety. choose a specialty. obtain a license, if necessary. complete the required coursework. get clinical experience. apply for a job at a hospital or clinic. get certified as a certified clinical laboratory technologist (cls). apply for jobs in the medical field. join the american society for clinical laboratory science technologists (aslcs). join the national association of clinical laboratory technicians (aacls). join a professional organization. consider joining a professional association. keep your certification current.
replace your razors. bathe or shower in warm water. avoid hot water. use a moisturizing shave cream or gel. shave in the direction of hair growth.
make sure you have a suit that you can wear to the wedding. make sure you don't wear a tuxedo if it is a wedding.
find out when your favorite radio stations are holding a contest. save the number that the dj gives you. dial the number. listen for the dj to announce that the contest is now open. don't give up. wait for the station to start playing new music or news.
understand what goodwill is. understand how goodwill is created. understand the carrying value of a business. understand goodwill impairment. understand why goodwill impairment is required. reduce goodwill impairment if the market value of your business falls below the carrying or fair market value.
freeze the bananas. place the ingredients in the blender. blend the mocha protein smoothies. pour the smoothies into glasses.
open your iphone or ipad’s settings. tap the profile icon. tap accounts. tap manage accounts. , tap the account you want to manage. , select “manage accounts” from the drop-down menu. tap add.
preheat your oven to 400 degrees fahrenheit (200 degrees celsius). wash your turnips. cut the turnips into pieces. toss the turnip pieces. roast.
open microsoft outlook. click on the file menu and select "file" → "open with". , find the pst19upg.exe file in the list of files. download and install the ctrl32 program. open outlook. , click on file → open. , select the "new" tab. , type the name of your pst file and click "save as". , click "ok" to save the file. , right-click on the new file and choose "properties". click on "create a duplicate". rename the duplicate file. open the "my documents" menu. , open outlook again. click "repair".
use it as a watering can. use it as an irrigator. make a shovel out of the jug. use the jug as a corded garden tool if you don’t have cords.
decide on a date and time for the first meeting. advertise the meeting. choose a topic. prepare for the meeting ahead of time. keep track of time and structure. prepare yourself. sit in a comfortable position. introduce yourself. read the group rules. review the agenda. start the group meeting. ask open-ended questions. use small group work if you are leading a large group. encourage participation. encourage discussion. encourage people to move around. ask group members to take part in a group ownership survey.
go to topic10. click on “pets” from the main menu. , click on the “add a pet”
start with a sheet of a4 paper. fold the paper in half diagonally. pleat the paper. cut a piece of paper to the length of the headband. fold your headband in half lengthwise. make a pleat at the top of each of the 2/3 and 1/3 inch sections of the band. seal the top and un-seal top of the pleat with the remaining 1/4 inch section of paper. put on your chef hat. finished.
check your dog’s ear flaps daily. inspect the ear for signs of infection. take your dog to the vet. treat the ear infection.
allow beauty supply products to cool before washing. use white vinegar on curling irons and flat irons. use alcohol swabs.
make a baking soda paste. spread the paste on the bottom and sides of the oven. spray the paste with vinegar. let the paste sit overnight. wipe up the baking soda with a damp cloth.
preheat your oven to 350 degrees fahrenheit (175 degrees celsius). , combine the milk and sugar. bring the mixture to a boil. remove the mixture from heat. stir in the rest of the ingredients. scoop the batter onto a baking sheet. let the cookies cool. store the cookies in the fridge. finished.
open your iphone’s settings. scroll down and tap itunes & app store. tap music. , slide the use cellular data switch to the “on” position. slide the wi-fi switch to “off”. tap the apple music switch to turn on automatic downloads. open the settings app. tap purchases. tap icloud. , tap the automatic purchase switch. turn the automatic download switch to on.
create a budget. identify areas where you can cut costs. reduce your medical expenses. consider downsizing your living situation. cook at home. don't take out credit or rent-to-own.
make eye contact. stare at them a lot. stare directly at them. use body language. ask them if they want to smell your feet. get angry. ask questions. exaggerate everything about them. laugh at everything they do. tell them how ridiculous they seem to you.
eat at home. think before you buy. keep track of your spending. set a budget. don't smoke, drink, or smoke.
disconnect the relay from the circuit. locate the relay. determine the type of relay. identify the relay connections. determine if the relay is voltage spike protected. measure the relay resistance. apply the test voltage to the control circuit. apply positive power to the test power source. measure resistance. place test voltage on the relay and test light.
ask yourself why you are shy. avoid comparing yourself to others. challenge your negative thoughts. reframe your thoughts. be aware of your own self-consciousness. watch people you admire for their social skills. see if you need professional help. consider seeing a mental health professional. watch your body language. practice power poses. take a deep breath. practice positive self-talk. practice deep breathing exercises. try progressive muscle relaxation techniques. engage in physical activity. practice mindfulness. get enough sleep. eat a healthy diet. get plenty of exercise. spend time with people who make you feel good.
find a source of vegetable oil. evaluate the quality of the oil. pour the oil into a container for storage. heat the oil to 95ºf. filter the oil through a funnel. cool the oil and heat it again. transfer the cooled oil to a container. test the ph level of the new oil. add water to the container. add lye to the water. mix the water and lye solution. add the biodiesel to a water bath. store the oil in a cool place.
clean the surface of the sign. remove the old vinyl lettering. apply masking tape to the top. use a squeegee to remove the tape. place the sign on the new surface.
cut the potatoes into strips. soak the potatoes for at least 20 minutes. rinse the potatoes under cold water. pat the potatoes dry with a towel. preheat the deep fryer. heat the oil in a stock pot. add the olive oil to the oil. cook the garlic until it’s golden brown. remove the garlic from the skillet. place the potatoes in the fryer basket. fry the fries in a single layer for 7 to 7 minutes. transfer the fries to a baking sheet. bake the fries until they’re crispy brown. drain the fries on paper towels. serve the fries while still warm.
use the dewey decimal system to categorize books according to the following classes: a class corresponds to a letter of the alphabet. use the call number system to identify the book by the year the book was published. if there are more than four numbers in a call number, the lc will create a separate classification for that book, and a separate call number.
breathe deeply. breathe with your diaphragm. practice breathing techniques that use the diaphagm. exercise regularly. maintain good posture. learn how to project your voice. speak clearly and articately. don’t strain your vocal cords. avoid straining your throat.
get your supplies. make your ring. make the apron. put in the ladder. put a block of your choice for the top of the ring. add a letter on the top rope. add the ropes. place the ladder on top of your apron and the ring mat. , add the rope to the sides of the rope. put the ladder in the middle of your ring and put in a hole in the center. add an entrance, announcers table, and other things you want.
preheat your grill to medium-high heat. place the squash on the grill. drizzle the squash with oil and season with salt and pepper. cook the squash for about 15 to 20 minutes. remove the squash from the grill and allow them to cool for 5 to 10 minutes. serve the squash.
create a new layer. change the foreground color of your document. create another new layer and fill it with your set color. apply a filter on your top layer. add a cloud filter. add blur. add an inner glow to your layer. use a soft mechanical brush on the edges of the document. use the lasso tool to create different kinds of torn patterns. apply gradient on the layers. apply radial blur on the new layer by right-clicking over the layers panel and clicking on your blending options dialog box. , apply a new effect. link the layers and apply new effects. there you have it! finished.
look for pre-screened offers. read the fine print. shop for cards yourself. consider a store credit card. apply for a gas station or department store card. complete the application.
decide what kind of perfume you want to make. create a budget. present your budget to your parents. ask your parents if you can start your own perfume business. do your research. market your perfume. advertise your business. find out if there are other companies that sell perfume. hire some staff. make sure that your perfume is tested for safety before you sell it. repeat the process if you are successful.
make a checklist. start packing. pack the day before the trip. have the kids pack their own bags. make sure you have enough time to travel during the day or night. check the luggage one more time before you leave to make sure everything is packed. pack a small bag or two for each child for each of them to take with them on the car ride. pack some entertainment items for the kids. tell the kids what you are going to do when you get there. put the kids to bed at the same time every night. enjoy the trip and enjoy your stay at your destination!
make sure that your story is in the best possible shape. proofread your story. ask friends and family for feedback. decide what type of publication you want to try. write a query letter to the publisher of the magazine or press. submit your story to a website that lists markets for short stories. enter a writing contest at your local library. don't be discouraged if you don't get published. ask for help if you are having trouble getting your story published, or if you're having trouble.
delete your ex's phone number. cut off all ties with your ex on social media. distance yourself from mutual friends. accept that the relationship is over. avoid contact and contact. distract yourself with a new hobby or hobby. spend time with your family and friends. take care of yourself physically. consider seeing a therapist. take some time to grieve. consider dating again, if necessary.
keep windows and doors closed. line the pews with rugs or runners. use cushions. cover the floor of the church with a drop cloth. fill the church from front to back. install a central heating system. install central heating systems in the church. fundraise for heating. keep the church well ventilated. use ceiling fans. ask the church staff to install a heating system in the ceiling. , ask the congregation to volunteer to clean the church during the winter months when the heating system is not in use. hire a heating contractor.
wait to introduce your dog to the neighbors. assess the dog's behavior. attach the dog to a leash. tell the neighbor how to interact with the dog. make sure the dog is in a good mood. choose a neutral location. keep the dog on leash. take the introduction slowly. give the dog time to warm up to the neighbor. talk to your dog before making contact. give your dog plenty of time to get used to the neighborhood. be patient and persistent.
navigate to https://www.facebook.com/videos in your web browser. click on the video you want to download. , select the sd or hd format. click “download” or “save as” to save the video to your downloads folder. click the “back” button next to the video if it is not already saved.
download and install cropwat 8.0. familiarize yourself with the interface. gather the climate data. collect the climatic data. get the rainfall data. input the crop data. estimate the crop water requirements. estimate irrigation water requirements for dry crops and rice. estimate irrigation requirements for crops with dry crops. , estimate irrigation requirements for wet crops. estimate your own irrigation requirements. get a chart of the inputted climate variables. calculate your own crop water needs. develop a schedule. calculate irrigation scheme supply. understand the different options for calculating irrigation water requirement.
make sure that you have enough space on your storage disk to store and install the software. burn a live cd to your hard drive. select the application that you want to include to your live cd. after selecting the applications that you would like to include in the cd, load the bart pe-builder. once the iso is created, select the plugins that you wish to add to the cd. once you have selected the plugins, load them into the cd and burn it to the hard drive that contains the installation disc. after the installation is complete, you will receive a notification that the installation has been successfully completed and you will be able to start up your pc in windows xp embedded mode. after you have restarted your pc, you can now use the live cd that you created with the plugins installed.
respond to an email or text message. decide if you want to respond to the “thank you.
create a calming environment. meditate. go outside. reduce visual and auditory distractions. listen to calming music in the background.
be confident. gauge whether the feeling is mutual. get a little more physical. flirt a little. keep your schedule busy. accept there will be some uncertainty. go into the conversation with confidence. ask him out. let him know how you're feeling. make sure you're on the same page. keep the conversation focused on the guy. keep it casual. avoid asking him out on a date if he's not available. be open to a second date if you're not sure it's right for you. keep things casual at first. avoid pressuring the relationship. be prepared for rejection, if it happens.
learn how to use the hud (heads-up display) on the game’s screen. use the arrows on the bottom left and right of the screen to interact with objects and people. click the green arrow pointing towards the profession sign to pick a profession. move on to the next screen when you are done with a task. leave the game world as soon as you can. play mini games on the main game screen to gain experience and gain points in the game.
have your blood pressure and pulse checked. get an electrocardiography (ecg) test. use a holter monitor to monitor your heart rate and rhythm. try a portable pulse monitor. get a stress test to determine if your heart is functioning properly. ask your doctor if you can use a cardiac monitor to track your heart rhythm in the emergency room.
use a lozenge. take over-the-counter medication for a minor sore throat. take acetaminophen or ibuprofen.
open itunes. connect your ipod to your computer via usb cable. , click on the ipod icon. check the "manage ipod content" box to see if you have enough storage space. click the "music" tab and select "my music.", click the box next to the "sync content" heading. select the type of content you want to sync. click "sync" to begin syncing your content. manually manage your sync options.
open the video that you want to add a credits sequence to. , click the effects tab. , select video effects from the effects list. , hover your cursor over the effects that you wish to edit. click the title tab. click insert effects. , add a title card to your project. click and drag the title card onto the timeline. select the text tools format tab. change the duration of the title. create multiple title cards. split a clip to insert a title. add captions to a clip. drag the black bar on the timeline to the exact spot where you want the caption to appear.click the edit tab.click video effects.click clip effects. click title.click add caption effects. hover over the text box.click and drag a title to add it to the clip. click format.click text effects.select the caption effect. click edit.click credits. click end project. add a new credits card to the end of the project. insert a new title card for the credits sequence. drag and drop the title box to the right of the video clip. add all of the names for your credits to the same text box in one line. adjust the length of the text duration if your credits sequence is too long. click your credits card in the top right corner of the screen. hover your mouse over the credits card. click effects. select text duration. click extend credits in the upper right corner.
search for a correlation calculator. enter your data. enter the data. click on the “calculate” button to calculate.
determine if your cat has a flat face. look for signs that your cat is having trouble breathing through its nose. listen to your cat's breathing. watch for noisy breathing. check for a faint cat. take your cat to a veterinarian. have your cat tested for brachycephalic airway syndrome. learn about the types of abnormalities in the syndrome.
turn on and unlock your iphone. swipe down from the top of the screen. look at the bar of notifications. sort the notifications by date and time the notification came in. tap the "show in notification center" slider bar. , find the app that is showing you the notifications you don't want to see. , tap the settings app. , select "notifications" from the list of apps. , scroll down the list until you find the one you want to turn off. , turn off the app. turn on the app again. look for the slider bar that says "show notifications on lock screen". , adjust the alert style. scroll down to the bottom of the notification center and find the "on lock screen" option. tap "ok".
press and hold the home button. ask siri to create a new reminder. say the reminder. add more reminders as needed.
visit mental health america's website. learn the etiquette for online support groups. consider the pros and cons of an online support group.
play in the arena. level up your key. craft a legendary. save up your arcane dust. open new packs. buy legendary packs directly.
take a walk after the flight. pay attention to any pain or swelling in your feet or legs. seek immediate medical attention if necessary.
choose the right type of azalea for your climate. choose a spot in the garden with some shade. make sure the soil drains well. consider a pot or raised bed. test the soil for acidity. dig a hole for the plant. place the plant in the hole and cover it with soil. water the plant regularly. keep the soil moist. fertilize the soil. prune the azaleas when necessary. pruning only when the plant is in full bloom. cut off dead or diseased branches. remove dead flowers. remove weeds. protect the plant from the elements. finished.
preheat oven to 350 °f (177 °c). melt the marshmallows in a saucepan over medium heat. stir in the sugar. separate the white and blue fondant. knead the large fondant ball. add food coloring and knead. color the small fondant and repeat the kneading. prepare the fondant balls. preheat the oven and prepare the cake pans. make the cake batter. pour the batter into the pans. bake the cakes. beat the shortening and margarine. add the sugar, milk, and vanilla. cut off a thin slice from the tops of the round cakes. layer the round cake. frost the cake. refrigerate the cakes for 15 minutes. prepare a rolling pin. roll out the yellow fondant for the top. cover the top of the cake with yellow fondants. trim off the excess fondant from the bottom of the blue cake. roll the blue fondants into straps. attach the straps to the bottom cake. finished.
engage in activities that help you grow. stop comparing yourself to others. be honest with yourself about your physical changes. learn to enjoy being alone. make time for alone time. be yourself. don’t try to fit in with others. take pride in who you are. stop worrying about what others think. be grateful for what you have. take care of your mental health. maintain a healthy diet. exercise regularly. relax.
listen for the “i’m in pain” cry. listen for the annoyed/uncomfortable cry. notice if the baby is crying when they're hungry. look for the "spitting up" cry. pay attention to the baby's sleeping patterns. look at the baby’s eyes. listen to the child's behavior. look out for signs of colic. finished.
prepare the smoked salmon. add 1/2 cup (236 ml) of cream cheese to the salmon. stir in 1/4 cup (118 ml) sour cream. mix in 1 tbsp. add 2 tbsp. season the dip with salt and pepper to taste. add herbs and/or herbs to the dip. add a dollop of mayonnaise for a richer texture. add horseradish for a unique flavor. stir the ingredients together until everything is well combined. , serve the dip immediately.
beat brawly. get the "devon goods" item. take a ride on mr. briney's boat. go to the slateport city contest hall. talk to the girl on your left. blend the berries to get the pokéblock case. find a place where you can blend berries.
talk to a counselor. confide in someone you trust. write in a journal. use acupressure to relieve anxiety.
choose the right clothing. clean and sanitize equipment before you use it. wipe down your clothes and accessories. use separate towels for different parts of your body. wash your clothes after every workout.
prepare your work area. paint your ring bearer box. cut a circle out of fabric for the pillow. sew a length of ribbon to the middle of the fabric. stuff the box with stuffing and place the fabric in the center of it.
learn the basics of the game. get a job as a soccer coach. learn finance and insurance. get involved in the media. get help from physiotherapists and therapists. get health services for your players. get transport for your team. be active and help others because you don’t sit around all the time.
choose a group of players. decide how much money you want to bet. decide who gets to be the first caster. roll the dice. have the caster choose his or her main. roll after the caster chooses a main. pass the dice to the next player. learn the difference between wins and losses. collect your winnings. take advantage of special odds from the setter.
add artwork to the wall behind the buffet. hang a mirror behind the wall. hang photos on the wall in front of the buffet if desired.
decide how you want to sort your lego collection. decide where to sort it. go through your collection and sort it by size, colour, theme, set, and theme. if you have a lot of lego, go through it again!, if you don't have enough of one group, mix it in with another group. go to the toy store and buy some boxes. arrange the boxes in the order that you want them to be in. arrange them by size or colour, or by set/theme, if desired.
determine if your cable provider has changed the activation limit for your set-top box. make sure you have paid your cable bill on time. call your provider if you are still not able to access your service. wait for your service to resume.
purchase a variety of paw-paw seeds from your local nursery or garden center. place the seeds in a warm, sunny spot for a few days before planting them. plant the seeds. water the seeds well. place them in a sunny spot. cross pollinate the trees. wait three years. harvest the fruits when they are ready. finished.
download the spotify app to your phone. sign up for spotify premium. connect to a cellular network. create a new playlist. select the songs you want to download. enable offline mode. start downloading your music. switch to offline mode in the settings menu.
rent a car. drive out of heathrow. park at the airport. take a taxi from the airport to your destination in london.
cut a long piece of string. make your sugar crystals. pour the sugar and water into a clean container or jar. use a sharp knife to suspend the string over the top of the container. store the container in a cool, dry place.
wash the chives. cut off the ends of the stems. dry the chive stems. chop the chiving. place the chopped chives in a bowl. place them in a plastic freezer bag. seal the bag tightly with plastic wrap. put the bag in the freezer. remove the bag from the freezer and place it in a freezer-safe container. use the frozen chives within a few days of removing them from the refrigerator. store them in an airtight container in your freezer.
say “cảm ơn” in a falling or flat tone. use a personal pronoun. add “bà” and “ông” for age and gender. add an extra word. use another word.
quit smoking. avoid secondhand smoke. check for signs of radon in your home. reduce your exposure to carcinogens. exercise regularly. eat more whole foods. avoid exposure to air pollution. treat lung diseases such as tuberculosis and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease to reduce your risk of developing lung cancer and other lung diseases.
make sure you have a bootable windows xp cd. insert the cd into your computer. press any key on the keyboard to boot the computer. click the start menu and select “control panel.” , click the “user accounts” tab. , click “reset password”.
gather your supplies. paint on a base coat. paint your fingers. pour the red nail polish onto the paper or foil. draw the hearts.
apply sunscreen daily. wear natural fibers when you wear clothing. avoid jewelry with nickel and other metals. avoid copper and gold. protect your skin in cold and hot weather. see your doctor if your skin irritation doesn’t go away.
use a cold compress. identify the cause of your dry eyes. use tear-replacing eye drops. use eye ointments. talk to your doctor about your medical history. change your medicine. eat more omega-3 and omega-6 fatty acids. stop smoking. consider other treatment options.
find the account re-activation link. set a new password. go to badoo’s login page. sign into your badoo.
press and hold the volume up, volume down, and volume down buttons at the same time for 60 seconds. release the volume down and volume up buttons. press and hold all of the buttons on the right side of the phone. press 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 20, and 20. press the correct key sequence.
organize your clothing. throw away damaged or torn clothing. donate clothing that you don’t wear anymore. store seasonal or sentimental items until you need them.
take as many science courses as possible in high school. maintain a high grade point average. volunteer at a hospital. shadow a nurse. take a first aid or cpr class. attend nursing camp. enroll in a college or university with a bachelor of science in nursing (bsn) degree. complete your bsn program. take elective science courses. get certified as a neonatal nurse. pass the national board of nursing certification exam (ncle). pass the state nursing exam. get licensed as a registered nurse. work as a nurse in a hospital or nursing home.
visit the website of your bank or wire service provider’s internet banking interface. enter the recipient information. select the currency you would like to send money in. choose the amount of money you want to send. decide when you want the transfer to go through. review the details of your transaction. confirm that the transfer has gone through and complete it.
open itunes and plug your ipod into your computer. click the "summary" tab in the upper-left corner of the itunes window. click and drag the "autofill sync" button to the "off" position. uncheck the "manually add content to library" box. press and hold down the "home" button on your mouse or trackpad. drag the content you want to add onto the ipod slightly to the right of the "my ipod" icon. release the mouse button when the content is highlighted blue and a small green plus sign appears. drag content from your library to the left of the sidebar. remove content from the sidebar by pressing the "delete" button. finished.
choose a network. go on the internet. go to the phone store. look at the prices. if you want to go to a store, you can get it at the store, or you can go online. once you get your phone, make sure that you like it!, once you have it, use it!, if you don't have a sim card, get one!, get a case. have fun with your new phone, no matter what network you use it on!
do not dye your cat’s teeth. do not dye her toenails. avoid dyeing her fur if she has a licking habit. watch for signs of skin irritation. apply the dye as needed. keep an eye on your cat during her behavior.
turn the disc upside down. , use a belt sander. wipe the disc with acetone. use acetone and a cotton pad to frost the bottom of the disc.
identify the triggers of your social anxiety. do anxiety-provoking activities more often. prepare for the situation in advance. engage in activities that challenge you to interact with others.
recognize controlling behavior. watch for intimidation tactics. identify threats. look for signs of social isolation. recognize signs of financial abuse, also known as “economic abuse”.
explain the health benefits and risks of trampolining. research current trampoline models. tell your parents about the benefits of trampsolining for the body. show your commitment to learning the sport. tell them you want to learn how to use the equipment. show them that you can use the sport to improve your gymnastic skills. explain how trampOLining can improve your self-esteem and self-confidence. let your parents know how the sport makes you feel more grounded. choose the right trampolin for you and your family. discuss the risks of injury. talk about how to avoid injuries. show that you are ready to learn the safety features of the trampolina. show how you will use the safety net. explain to your parents that you will be responsible for your safety. ask your parents if they are willing to buy you equipment.
choose the right time of day. choose the right place. be prepared. find the right location. be observant of the world around you. be in the present moment. take a nature walk to de-stress. find nature. be aware of the ways in which nature has a way of reestablishing itself. be a part of nature. make a nature chart with the kids. reflect upon your walk.
make sure the laptop is fully charged. turn off the laptop and unplug the power adapter. turn the laptop back on. wait for the computer to go to sleep. turn on the laptop again.
plan your meals ahead of time. use leftovers in place of food that you would normally use in a recipe. finished.
choose a suitable meditation position. sit or stand in a comfortable position. relax your mind and body. express appreciation for the good things in your life. be grateful that your life is not in immediate danger. find joy in the practice. measure the impact of the practice on your well being. reflect on others who are happy. be thankful for the things you have in life. express your appreciation to others. express gratitude to yourself. practice gratitude for the world around you. be aware of your thoughts and feelings. be mindful of your actions and your thoughts. finished.
try to fall asleep. read a book. do some relaxing exercises. write a story. surf the web. play on your computer. watch a movie. play a game. clean your room. do your homework. play with your siblings. , watch a video on your phone. , listen to music. take a shower. , get dressed. take your camera and take a picture of yourself in front of a mirror. eat something. if you have a tv, watch a christmas movie. , play on a game console. clean up your room, if you haven't already done so. do homework. , do some of your schoolwork. , if you're allowed to, play on the computer for a while. , take a bath or shower. if your parents allow you to, take a long, relaxing bath. , eat some christmas food. look at your christmas cards and see if your brother has left you any. look through your stocking. if it's okay with your parents, play with siblings. open up your presents. go back to bed.
open the settings app. scroll down and tap "tethering & hotspot.", tap the "mobile hotspot" option. tap "add hotspot". connect your note to a wireless network. tap the "+" button in the upper-right corner of the screen. connect your other devices to the hotspot. limit data usage.
ask yourself what you’re looking for in a vacation destination. prioritize culture over culture. choose a rural destination. choose an urban destination that suits your lifestyle.
place the following items in your inventory. place the items in the crafting grid. click or drag the items to place them on the grid. , click the "craft" button at the bottom of the grid to craft them.
send a text to your friends asking them to come to your party. invite your friends. make sure you get your parents' permission. move some furniture. clean your house. set up the dance area. get some music. prepare some party food. make yourself look nice. clean up your home. put away some important items. put some decorations in your house such as posters, posters, balloons, etc. , make sure your parents know that you are having a party and that your house is in good condition. , if you have any guests that you don't want to invite, you can always ask them to leave their contact information with your parents and they can give you a call if you need them. , tell your friends to bring their cell phones to the party so that they can call you if they need anything. , have a good time. , don't forget to thank your guests for coming and have a great time! , if your parents don't let you have a party, ask them if you can have another one if you want to. , remember to have fun and make sure that your friends have fun too. have fun at your party! , enjoy the party!
save money. take advantage of "free" money. invest in a roth ira. don't use credit cards too much. avoid the temptation to spend money you don't have. invest your money. diversify your income. invest the money you do have. get a 401(k) plan. get out of debt. get insured. get an emergency fund account. invest wisely. get rid of your debt. avoid predatory spending habits. avoid reckless spending. don’t be afraid to ask for help. be smart with your credit card usage. get paid back.
start the game. , talk to tom nook, the shopkeeper at the end of the main street. talk to him. go to the town hall and talk to the woman at the front desk. move things around in your house. pay off your mortgage. work at the shop part time. use your money to pay off the mortgage.
choose a hobby that you enjoy. read articles on affiliate marketing by other affiliate marketers. write articles on the subject of your hobby. create a blog and write articles about your hobby and your affiliate product. create an affiliate marketing strategy that will help you to promote your product. , don't be a spammer. use search engine and social media for affiliate marketing. make sure that you have a good affiliate marketing plan that will get you a good amount of traffic for your affiliate marketing campaign. finished.
make sure a betrayal has occurred. ask your friend if he or she admitted wrongdoing. decide what to do next. try to understand your friend’s perspective. ask how your friend is feeling. look at the situation objectively. have compassion for your friend.
pour the ingredients into a cocktail shaker. add ice to a chilled glass. add water to the glass. stir the water and sugar together in a separate bowl. add the crushed ice to the sugar mixture. , stir the ingredients together until the sugar dissolves. , pour the mixture into the glass with the ice. , garnish with whipped cream and garnish to taste. , serve the cocktail. , enjoy your cocktail.
brainstorm ideas for your sleeve. plan to add to your sleeve over time. incorporate a framing motif into your first sleeve tattoo. choose a color scheme that’s easy to replicate and durable. work with a tattoo artist to create your sleeve design.
choose a plastic face mask. choose a suitable fabric. glue the fabric to the mask. make the neck piece. cut the back piece fabric. attach the back of the mask to the front mask. cut out the neck cover or dickey. pierce the edges of the circle with a needle or needle. add the neck and pantyhose legs. wear the costume. you're done!
choose a song that you want to play. choose the right instrument for the occasion. find a band to play with. if you're playing the guitar alone, try playing with someone else. ask your teacher if you can play with them.
drink coconut water to improve your health. avoid coconut water if you sweat. don’t drink coconut water after an intense workout.
pick a date. get some snacks. pick a movie. set up the space. make sure that your girlfriend is ready to watch the movie. make a romantic move with her.
keep fruit and veggies away from your pet. keep access points closed. keep the room cool. keep garbage receptacles in different rooms.
drink plenty of water. eat a healthy, balanced diet. get enough vitamin e. vitamin e is an antioxidant that can help prevent stretch marks. increase your intake of vitamin c. vitamin c is another antioxidant that may help with skin health. eat foods high in riboflavin. increase the amount of zinc in your diet. add more silica to your diet to improve the appearance of your skin. finished.
visit your local library. search online for box sets and dvds. check tv guide to see if classic doctor who is airing.
make a mixture of essential oils and herbs. add a few drops of an astringent agent to the mixture to make it more repellent. store your bug spray in an airtight container.
come up with an idea for your sculpture. build the base. carve out the sculpture. prepare the concrete. apply the concrete mixture to the foam base. allow the concrete to set. keep the sculpture moist. apply a second and third layer of concrete. add a fourth and final coat of concrete and water. let the sculpture cure. shape the sculpture with a rotary tool. paint the sculpture (optional).
open skype. sign in to your skype account. open the "tools" menu. click "options.", click "privacy.", click the padlock icon. click the "delete history" button. click on "delete.", click on the "cancel" button to close the pop-up. open skype on your computer. access the skype menu. select the "settings" charm from the "charms" list. open your computer's settings menu. choose "clear history.", confirm your choice. confirm or cancel your choice again.
know why you want to wait. think about your personal reasons. define your boundaries. remember that you can't escape the media. talk to your friends about your decision. let people know that you aren't interested in sex. stand firm with your boundaries and friends. know when to walk away. remember why you decided to wait and stick to it.
use "an" before vowels that begin with vowels. avoid confusion with consonants and vowel sounds. understand differences in british and american pronunciation of certain letters.
start with a light dust of blush. add more blush as needed. don't overdo it with too much blush.
choose your natural food dye. choose your vegetables. make vegetable juice for your dyes. juice the vegetables in a juicer or food processor.
apply for standard certification through the texas education agency. gain some experience as a student teacher or an intern. fill out an online application form. get your fingerprints taken. sign up for a fingerprinting appointment at a texas Morphotrust. submit your fingerprints to the tea. wait for your certificate to be approved. double check that your information is correct. apply for a job as a teacher.
log into your facebook account. create a new album. add photos to your album. tag photos as you upload.
recognize the signs of an explosive anger episode. encourage your loved one to seek professional help. tell a trusted friend or family member. create a safety plan. prepare for an emergency escape. remove yourself from the situation as soon as possible. call the police or emergency services if you are in immediate danger.
determine if you are eligible for a low-interest used car loan. write a letter of intent to the lender requesting a low interest rate. ask the lender if you can purchase a used car from a dealership. negotiate the interest rate with the lender. send the lender a letter requesting the car's make, model and vin number. provide the lender with the information about the car you are purchasing. wait for the lender to approve the loan offer.
check the average rental rate in the neighborhood. watch out for excuses for absences. be on the lookout for scams if you are the landlord or homeowner. be wary of scams that use your personal information. look out for scams that alter advertisements. avoid scams that claim to be based on personal tragedy. research the property before you make any payment. meet with the property owner or landlord. take an online quiz. check the legitimacy of the advertisement. contact the owner of the property in question. ask to see a copy of the lease agreement. ask for a security deposit. ask the landlord to provide you with a list of references. do not give out personal information over the internet. contact your local police department. report the scam to the better business bureau. file a complaint with the police.
turn off everything on your phone. turn off your phone's brightness. limit internet usage. tether your phone to your laptop. charge your phone from your computer. use a removable battery pack.
decide if you are ready to buy a home. check your credit score. make sure you have the money you need. determine how much you can afford. learn about different loans. get quotes for mortgage loans. think about what kind of home you want. contact a real estate agent. get a letter of pre-approval from a lender. make an offer. negotiate with the seller. close on your home. pay the closing costs.
begin with the title of the graph or chart. write a brief description of the figure or chart in the first line. write the name of the publication in the second line. add the publisher, date, and page number in the third line.
choose a suit that is appropriate for the occasion. if you can't get access to a suit, wear a suit with a tie.
keep the floor bare. add some mirrors to the wall. use shelves for books and trinkets. get rid of old clocks and clocks. add plants.
decide whether you need a lawyer. create a list of divorce lawyers. ask for referrals and recommendations. review the websites of the attorneys on your list. narrow your list by specialization. schedule a consultation. ask each attorney lots of questions. compare and contrast the attorneys you interviewed. ask questions about the lawyer’s experience. compare the attorneys’ fees. ask the attorneys about their experience. read the retainer agreement carefully. make a decision about whether to retain the lawyer. make an appointment with the lawyer you have selected. sign a retainer contract. pay the fee. schedule your first consultation. make your first appointment.
understand how an automatic watch works. keep your arm in regular movement. take the watch off your wrist. remove the crown from the watch. pull the crown out halfway or all the way in. turn the crown clockwise until the second hand starts moving. reset the time if necessary. push the crown back into place. test your watch. repeat the process until the crown is fully in place.
maintain a healthy weight. eat more alkaline-rich foods. avoid sitting or standing for extended periods of time. relax.
start with three jacks in front of you. throw the ball up in the air. pick up a jack with your right hand. grab the ball with your left hand. continue picking up jacks one at a time. start picking up two jacks each time. foul when you reach the end of your turn. start from where you were before your turn is over.
make a list of wines. include a variety of wines on the menu. consider selling by the glass or by the bottle. educate your servers. have contests to see who can sell the most. offer a comparison of expensive and inexpensive bottles. ask other vendors for advice.
fill a sink or bucket with warm, soapy water. add a mild detergent to the water. create some bubbles and foam. place the bras into the water, one at a time. let the bras soak in the water for 5 to 10 minutes. take the bras out of the water and let them soak for 10 to 15 minutes. rinse the bras in clean, lukewarm water. repeat the steps above for any other bras that you need to wash. dry the bras with a clean, dry towel. hang the bra up to dry, or drape it over a clothesline or a drying rack. store the bra in a cool, dry place. finished.
let the child choose what to eat. go grocery shopping. make food. grow food together. let the child set the table and serve the meal.
purchase beetroot seeds or seedlings. choose a planting position. prepare the soil. select a suitable container or pot. prepare your planting area. sow the seeds. ready the area for planting. sow your seeds. water your beetroot. thin out the seedlings once they sprout. fertilise your beetroots. weed the area. weed regularly. harvest the beetroot when it's ready. store the beetroots in a cool, dry place. use the leaves to make a paste. make your own pickles. use your pickles as a substitute for other vegetables. use them in your recipes. store them in the refrigerator for later use. finished.
contact a clinic that performs pgd. begin preparing to donate eggs. take fertility drugs. receive hormone injections. receive ultrasound tests to determine when the eggs are ready to be donated. collect the eggs. have the father donate his sperm. allow the eggs to mature for several days. remove cells from the embryos. analyze the dna of the cells. decide which embryos are male and female. attempt to transfer the embryos into the uterus. wait for the embryos to develop. transfer the embryo(s) to the uterine tube. continue to monitor the mother's health. wait to see if the baby is born.
gather the necessary information. add all the numbers in your sample together. divide the sum by the sample size. subtract the mean from the sum. understand variance. subtract each number from the mean. find the sum of the squares. calculate the variance of your sample. understand standard deviation. know the difference between standard deviation and variance. understand the relationship between variance and mean. interpret your results.
choose jeans or pants in a straight cut. wear skirts and dresses that fall just above the knee. wear tights. go for a slit detail. wear heels.
start a health diary. write down important information about yourself and your health. include information about your family history and medical history. write a list of any diseases you have or have been diagnosed with. list any symptoms you have been experiencing. record any unusual symptoms or symptoms you experience. write about any new or unusual treatments you have taken. record your doctor's visits to the doctor, and any adverse reactions you have had.
mist the tobacco with a spray bottle. mix the tobacco in a plastic bag. cover the bowl with a damp cloth. use a foam sponge to act as a humidifier. finished.
pause before you swear. disguise swear words with another word or syllable. use milder words to cover up swear words. learn a new word each day.
open the control panel. select "ease of access" and then "make the mouse easier to use.", select "mouse keys" and press ↵ enter. press .alt+⇧ shift+num ⇩. move the cursor with the numeric pad. press and hold .alt + f10 and press . right-click. use keyboard commands to navigate without a mouse.
walk away. step back or stand away from the situation. talk to the other person. expect the taunts and insults. don't take it personally. stay calm. keep your hands in a non-threatening position. run away if you have to. stay safe. stay in control of your emotions. stay focused on the present moment. don’t be afraid to defend yourself. don`t get involved in the fight. don't get into it again. get help if you need it.
choose a book to use for your cigarette. cut a piece of paper. fold the paper in half. place the smoking material in the crease. roll the paper into a cigarette. light the cigarette. finished.
choose your design. resize the design. glue the design to the glass tile. allow the glue to dry. trim the excess paper from around the glass tiles. press the glass and paper pieces together. let the glue dry. put the cufflinks on. wear the cufflink sleeves.
determine your budget. ask friends and family for advice. use a travel budgeting website. research travel costs. research transportation costs. consider rental a car. make a hotel reservation. budget for food. purchase travel insurance. purchase souvenirs and souvenirs. plan your activities and activities.
choose a suitable pot for your cactus. , decide how you want the cactus to sit in the pot. cut the yarn to the desired length. , single crochet around the base of the pot to form a circle. , repeat the single crochet pattern on the opposite side of the trunk. , join the ends of the yarn together. , continue single crocheting around the trunk until the entire cactus is covered. , tie the yarn ends together. add the finishing touches. finished.
sit up straight. suck air into your mouth. exhale slowly. push air out of your throat. try swallowing the air. burp with more force and volume.
think about what you’re announcing. avoid t.m.i.a.t. avoid inflammatory topics. don’t brag about personal life events. keep sponsorships to a minimum. avoid self-endorse.
choose a time and place. cleanse the area. create a circle. stay in the circle. gather your items. set up an altar. light the candles. cast your circle. cast the circle three times. invite the spirits of the north. call the elements of the earth, air, fire, water, and fire. close the circle and cut off the edge of it.
check to see if your ipod shuffle is unresponsive in itunes. make sure your usb cable or port is properly connected to the ipod shuffle. check your itunes version. check if apple mobile device support is installed on your computer. restore your ipad to factory settings. click on the “restore” button on the summary tab, then click on “ok” to confirm you want to restore your device.
learn how to take care of yourself. learn how to do basic macho things. take up a macho hobby. learn as much as you can about something. surround yourself with macho friends. don't show off. be stoic and unaffected. remember that being macho isn't all about.
determine the size of your mattress. measure the width and length of your dressers. remove the drawers from the top of the dressers and remove the top rail. place a shelf bracket on top of each dresser. measure and mark the width of the shelf brackets with a pencil. cut the wood slats for the bottom of both dressers to fit your mattress size. cut four boards for the slats. attach the end boards to the shelf bracket with screws. cut two pieces of plywood to fit the top and bottom of your bed. cut a piece of wood to the same size as the slat and attach it to the top edge of the bed. , cut two more pieces of wood for the sides of the box spring or mattress. , attach the two slats to the side rails of the mattress with the plywood. , add a step to the bed if you'd like to create a platform bed. attach a box spring if you want to make your bed very high. if you don't want to use plywood slats, you can create a bed with a platform by cutting two pieces that are the same height as your bed frame. finished.
ask yourself if you're happy with your life. figure out what you value most. try new activities. consider going to college. talk to a career counselor. surround yourself with positive people. meet someone new. join a meaningful organization or volunteer. spend more time outside. take care of your health. make time for fun. spend time with your family and friends. be grateful for what you have. make a list of things you're grateful for. do things that make you feel good about yourself.
learn that you need a level 79 summoning to create a spirit scorpion pouch. gather the required items to make one pouch. ensure that the items needed for the pouch are in your inventory. , travel to any summoning obelisk. , click on the obelisc. , select the pouch option. decide what you want to do with the pouches.
decide what kind of tiki bar you want to make. build the floor of the bar. attach the deck to the bar with 4 pressure treated fence posts. add two 2x4 posts to the front wall of the deck. create a frame for the front and back walls. attach a 2x2 to the back wall. add a front plank between the two frames. cut two 2" x 2" boards to form the roof. cut and attach a rafter to the top of the roof for a roof. form the bar's top. add shelves to the inside of the bars. cover the roof with a layer of plywood. stain or stain the roof, if desired, and hang it up.
explain the different types of perfectionism. select tasks carefully for perfectionists. let perfectionists work independently on large projects. explain how the person's work style is affecting the team's performance. explain that perfectionists may have high standards and high expectations.
take good notes. decide how you want to take notes. experiment with note-taking methods. keep your notes in one place. keep the syllabi and hand-outs handy. make sure you have the right place to store your notes. organize your notes by subject. keep track of your notes for each class. keep a record of your classwork. make a list of what you need to study for each exam. study for your exams.
mix 1 part olive oil (e.g. mix the ingredients together in a food processor. store in an airtight container in a cool, dry place. , use as needed. finished.
don’t expect your child to change your values. accept that they’re going to make mistakes. set boundaries. avoid micromanaging your kids. get support. build your child’s self esteem. remember the “end in mind” goal of parenting. remember that mistakes are part of the learning process. recognize that you’ll make mistakes, too. be a good role model for your child. let them know that you love them unconditionally.
look for respiratory symptoms. check for digestive symptoms. look for skin irritants. pay attention to other symptoms that may be missed as allergy symptoms.
prepare your vitamin c. vitamin c is an antioxidant that can help to lift the dye. mix the shampoo and vitamin c together. wet your hair with warm water. apply the shampoo mixture to your hair. cover your head and shoulders with a shower cap. wait 45 minutes. rinse and dry your hair thoroughly.
find an onix. give the onix a metal coat. find a trading partner. go to the second floor of a pokémon center. trade your onix to the other player. have the other person trade you back your steelix. repeat the process if you don't want to get your new steelix back in return.
decide how much money you want to spend on your new radio. decide what size radio you want. determine if your jeep has a premium sound system. determine whether you need to connect an extra wire to the factory amplifier. determine what type of radio you need. determine how far you want your radio to go. decide if you want bluetooth or bluetooth capabilities. decide whether you want a cd player or a digital media receiver. decide how much protection you want for your radio. consider hiring a professional to install your radio if you don't want to do it yourself, or if you're willing to save money and time.
consider your child’s age and health. know when to contact your doctor. use a breast pump to remove the milk you’re producing from your breasts.
determine the cost of classic car insurance. prove your car is a historic or classic car. decide how much coverage you need. get online quotes. shop around for quotes. ask for recommendations from other classic car owners.
exercise. do yoga at your desk. take a break. get some self-care. get a good night sleep.
separate your animals. give your cat a safe space. provide your dog with his own space. reward calm interactions between your dog and cat. take it slow. consider hiring an animal behaviorist if your cat's behavior doesn't improve overnight.
llocate the headphone jack on your computer. look for the headset jack. plug the headphones into the jack. find the microphone jack on the headphones. make sure that the headphones are plugged in all the way. listen to the sound coming from both ears. listen for sound issues when using your headphones. troubleshoot windows sound issues.
go to https://www.youtube.com in a web browser. click “creator hub”. click the “sign in” button at the top of the page. click on “i agree” to accept the terms of service. sign in to youtube. hover your mouse over the creator community icon. search for discussion topics. join a discussion. contribute to a discussion or start a new one.
practice good posture. learn to sit properly. learn how to walk like a princess.
preheat your oven to 350 degrees fahrenheit (180 degrees celsius). , grease a large mug. mix the dry ingredients together in a mug. add the wet ingredients to the mug. stir in the egg, oil, lemon juice, and lemon yolk. pour the mixture into the mug and bake the cake. let the cake cool. serve the cake while it cool.
use rubbing alcohol. use acetone nail polish remover. use petroleum jelly. use an adhesive remover spray or wipe. wash the area with soap and water after each use of a harsh chemical treatment.
determine how long you're going to be away. ask neighbors. ask family. ask friends. ask a pet-sitting service. consider boarding your cat. find a new home. plan ahead. be prepared for emergencies.
ask friends, family members, or colleagues. contact your local or state bar association. ask another lawyer. visit a legal aid organization. research lawyers’ websites. schedule a consultation. gather evidence of financial abuse. draft questions to ask the lawyer. arrive on time. make a decision. ask questions about the lawyer’s experience. choose a lawyer. draft a complaint. file the complaint. serve notice of the complaint on the agent. attend the hearing. receive the verdict.
brand yourself. become an expert in your field. keep up-to-date on trends.
be yourself. find out what her interests are. ask her brother about her. talk to her. introduce yourself. be prepared. be positive. don't be afraid to talk about yourself. keep it light. keep the conversation brief. avoid bringing her around his whole family. keep your hands to yourself. avoid physical contact. leave if you feel that there is tension. discuss the situation with your boyfriend. find a middle-ground. be polite. keep in mind that she's his sister, and he's her brother's friend, not yours.
make an appointment with your doctor. ask your doctor if you should take an antibiotic. talk to your doctor about a bronchodilator. see a respiratory therapist if your symptoms do not improve after treatment.
determine his "love language.", be honest. give him his space. don’t expect him to be perfect.
choose perk 1 and 2. choose perk 3. choose double tap or stopping power. choose bandolier for long range. choose perks 3 and 4. choose steady aim for close range. strafe and fire. use the following tactic. sprint.
breathe in through your nose and exhale through your mouth. keep an even breathing pattern. count your breaths. keep your core engaged when you are exercising.
cut a 1x1-inch (2.54 cm) piece of plywood to the size of the window opening. cut a piece of decorator weight fabric. cut the fabric to size. lay the fabric out flat on a flat surface. fold the fabric in half lengthwise. turn the fabric right-side out. sew the two sides of the fabric together, right sides together, with the right sides facing each other. sew a strip of velcro across the top edge of the material. mark the pleats/folds on the shade fabric. sew battens across the fabric at the pleat marks. attach the battens to the shade. attach fabric tape loops to the back of the shade, if desired. attach cord(s) to the top of your shade. raise and lower the shade by running cords through the screw eyes at the top. finished.
determine if your state offers a statutory will form. consider the pros and cons of statutory will forms. download or print the form. fill out the form according to the instructions provided. sign the form in front of a notary public in your state.
recognize that learning is a learning process. look for online resources to help you. keep a journal to track your progress. don’t be afraid to give up if you fail.
go to the download page. download the software. install it. open up the program. , open up abrviewer. , click on the brushes tab. , select the brushes you want to use. , choose the size of the brushes that you want. click on "browse" to load the brushes. , save your brushes.
get all the gear you need. set your timer for 30 minutes. dribble the ball with your right hand. run around the court with your left hand. do crossover dribbling exercises. do free throw exercises. pass the ball to a friend or bounce the ball off a wall. shoot the ball. run down the court to the free throw line, then run to the other basket, then back to the ob line, and do this 5 times. , run down to the hoop, and make a basket. run back down to your original hoop, grab the ball, run to your friend, and pass it to him or bounce it off the wall, then rebound it in. , that's it!
understand the benefits of stretching your lower-body muscles. stretch your hamstrings. do a side lunge stretch. do an over-the-head stretch. perform a standing calf stretch. try a standing quad stretch. practice a standing leg stretch. attempt a plank stretch.
lay down a bet with the player to the left of the dealer. have the other players take turns placing bets on the outcome of the dice roll. , have the shooter choose a player to be the first to “come-out.” the shooter rolls the dice and must make a decision as to whether or not he or she will make the point or not.
choose a suitable bag or satchel for your detective kit. assemble the detective kit's items. place the items inside the bag. , close the bag tightly and place it in your satchel. , put the bag in your bag and you're ready to go. , finished.
be aware that workplace romance can be a recipe for disaster. be aware of the possible consequences of workplace romance. don't feel guilty if you're in a relationship. consider the advantages of dating someone in your work.
wash your feet with a gentle soap. use lukewarm water. exfoliate your feet. apply moisturizer. trim and moisturize your cuticles. use an oil-based lotion. trim your nails straight across. keep your toenails at the proper length. check for ingrown toenail problems. treat an ingrown nail. take care of your feet after you soak them. use a manicure stick. take a break from the nail polish once a week. paint your nails. choose a good quality nail polish. apply a base coat. apply the top coat. let your nails dry. apply another top coat if you want to. let the nail dry completely. remove the topcoat if necessary.
understand that the kernal32.dll error is caused by incorrect uninstallation of a curtain program or other unneeded files. uninstall the recently installed programs. check your computer for the missing dll file. use a registry cleaner program to fix the registry issues. run a registry cleaning program to prevent future errors.
educate yourself about sex and sexuality. educate yourself about myths and misconceptions. use age-appropriate information. define your goals. set up a safe environment. differentiate gender, sex, and sexuality from other concepts. get feedback from others about your curriculum. involve parents, guardians, and guardians of young learners in the teaching process. be open and honest with your learners. teach safe sex behaviours. encourage healthy sex. provide resources for healthy sex and healthy relationships. teach about safe sex practices. teach healthy sex behaviors. provide a safe space.
check your state’s requirements. get workers’ compensation insurance. purchase unemployment insurance. get disability insurance. talk to your bank about required insurance. assess your susceptibility to potential risks. assess the probability of each risk. estimate the potential damage. prioritize your risks. choose a reputable insurance agent. meet with an insurance agent who specializes in your business needs. check with your state's insurance commissioner or licensing agency. ask your agent about the agent's experience. ask about the insurance agent's fee structure. compare rates. compare the costs of different types of insurance. make a decision.
mmaintain a healthy weight. eat a balanced diet. eat adequate portions of each food group. eat lean protein. eat more fruits and vegetables. choose whole grain foods. limit processed foods. eat healthy snacks. choose a variety of healthy fats. drink adequate amounts of water. include regular aerobic exercise. manage your stress levels. exercise regularly. get enough sleep. get adequate exercise. maintain a healthy lifestyle. manage stress. avoid smoking and alcohol. limit stress in your life.
decide on a design for your walkway. cut the bricks to the desired size and shape with a garden hose. stake the walkway to the ground. dig a hole in the ground using a hand shovel. use a shovel to level the ground with a level surface. spread gravel over the ground around the walkways. place the forms of bricks on top of the gravel. fill in any gaps with a layer of gravel. add a thin layer of concrete. tamp the bricks in place with a rubber mallet. sweep stone dust along the brick edges to hold them in place. finished.
create the powerpoint presentation you want to embed. sign up for a Scribd account. upload your powerpoint to Scribd. copy the embed code. go to blogger. click on the "publish" button on the upper right hand corner of the page. paste the embedded code. save your post.
get a certificate of veterinary inspection. check if your state has a “hot car” law. see if you can legally break into cars. understand the consequences of conviction.
start with open ended questions. ask her about her interests. talk about her social media habits. discuss the dangers of drugs and alcohol, and the consequences of using drugs and drinking alcohol.
go to http://www.facebook.com/photos. upload the photos that you want to use. sign up for a membership. choose your layout. select your photos. edit your collage.
go to https://www.pinterest.com in a web browser. navigate to the pinterest website. , click the profile icon at the top-right corner of the screen. , select a theme. select a pin. click the heart icon next to the pin you want to like.
get a prescription for pills that allow you to skip your period. begin taking the pill. take the pill every day for 12 weeks. take seven inactive pills for a week. watch out for breakthrough bleeding problems.
know how long your sims can live. know how to help your sim achieve their goals. stop the aging process for all sims in the active family.
avoid talking about yourself. don’t tell your friend how to fix their problem. validate your friend’s feelings. be there for your friend when they’re in need of you. be physically near your friend if you live close enough to see them crying.
try the upward breathing exercise. try the nose-to-snee exercise. perform the cobra breathing technique. try focusing on your breathing. try breathing exercises.
apply concealer to your face and neck using a concealer brush. apply concealer on the rest of your face. apply a neutralizing powder to any dark circles or dark circles. apply foundation to your entire face. use a matte powder to contour the apples of your cheeks with a powder brush. finished.
add a dash of salt and pepper. purchase prepared seasoning. make a seasoning mix at home.
visit your doctor to check your blood pressure regularly. exercise regularly. lose weight if you’re overweight. make small changes in your lifestyle to help you lose weight. take advantage of every opportunity to get more physical activity.
flirt with touch. hug, kiss, or touch him/her casually. pretend you're tired or exasperated. hug and kiss casually. mirror the other person's body language. tickle the person. compliment the person on his/her body. ask the person to dance with you. touch the person's hair. play with his or her hair.
do your research. talk to other engineers. use a practice test. make sure you have all the information.
be approachable. be open to meeting new people. ask questions. stay in contact. respect each other. support your friend when they make a mistake.
wash your face. scrub your face with lukewarm water. let your face air dry. apply aloe vera gel to your pimples. let the gel sit on your skin for at least five minutes. rinse your face and pat it dry with a towel.
open the start menu. type "drive" and press ↵ enter. click the "devices" tab. click "connect to ftp server". enter the address of the ftp you want to connect to. enter your username and password. enter a name for your ftp account. enter the password if prompted. navigate to the folder you wish to upload to. drag and drop the files into the folder.
learn the rules of the pageant you’re entering. get headshots taken. enroll your child in pageant lessons. come up with a pageant routine. practice your child’s routine. choose outfits. get a flipper for your child. get false lashes and hairpieces. hire a hair and makeup artist. get your child's nails done. find a room in a hotel where the pageant is being held. arrive early. give your child a healthy snack. have your child take a short nap. arrive at the pageant early. get ready for the judges and audience. be prepared for the music. enjoy the pageant as a family.
wash and chop the vegetables. saute the onion and add the paprika. stir in the broth and vegetables. simmer the soup for 12 minutes. add the spinach and sherry or red-wine vinegar. garnish and serve the soup.
sit in the corner of the pen. hold a book or magazine in your hand. read to the calf. watch how the calf reacts to you. wait for the calf to respond. repeat the above steps until the calf appears comfortable around you. offer the calf some feed. let the calf sniff or eat the feed from your hand if he doesn't come to you or doesn't try to eat it. feed the calf for a few minutes at a time. move away from the calf when he moves away from you. put the halter on the calf and let him out of his pen. repeat this process until he is comfortable with you. take the calf back to his pen and feed him again.
lie on a workout bench. lift the weight with your back muscles. hold the weight. lower the weight to the floor.
understand the concept of acupressure in chinese medicine (tcm). apply pressure to the point on your body where you want to lose weight. hold the pressure point for a few seconds. release the pressure.
open the file you want to hide. , add a period to the file name. show or hide the file. unhide the file (optional).
limit the amount of data you use while sending and receiving images. set read receipts. set a longer or alphanumeric passcode. enable low battery mode. save pdfs to ibooks. schedule your do not disturb time. respond to a text message without leaving the app you're in. undo typing you've made on your iphone. return to the top of the screen when you scroll through an article. jump to the bottom of the page when you're scrolling through a web page. tap the "back" button.
talk to your high school counselor. visit your local bank. consult with a professional financial adviser or broker.
choose a color. apply a clear base coat. paint your nails with the color of your choice. add a second coat of polish. finish with a clear top coat. remove the excess polish.
understand that the best way to train a dog is not to punish it for bad behavior, but to teach it to follow your commands. use the "bait trick" method to train your dog to do what you want it to do. teach your dog basic obedience commands. be patient with your dog and don't be too hard on it if it doesn't follow.
go to data > group and outline > auto outline. group your data manually. look at the results. clear your outline if you don’t like the results of the automatic outline.
play racket sports. take up a sport that activates your arm muscles. try rowing or kayaking. try boxing.
 prompt your child. remind your child that you talked about the situation before leaving. talk to your child about consequences.
understand what a relation is. determine the range of the relation. determine if the relation is a function. determine whether the relation has the same output every time you put in the same number of x coordinates.
set up automatic payments. set up a payment reminder system. follow the payment guidelines. pay more than the minimum amount requested. change your due date if you are low on cash. pay off your credit card balance before the grace period ends. avoid cash advances.
walk your dog regularly. keep your dog on a leash. ask the other dog owner if their dog likes meeting other dogs. get permission from the owner. allow the dogs to sniff each other briefly.
keep track of any sales expenses associated with your home's sale. write moving expenses off as work-related expenses. consider working with an accountant to help you apply for moving deductions. consider donating old or lightly used possessions to the irs.
accessaccess your nook library. go to the "archive" shelf. find the book you want to unarchive. unarchive the book. finished.
understand the home office deduction. keep track of your car’s mileage. track your travel, entertainment, and meals. check your charitable giving. watch your itemized deductions.
make a paprika paste. use beet and carrot juice. make a tea from rose hips and water.
ask good questions. email your professor. show up during office hours. ask a teaching assistant for help. don't blame the professor. stand up for yourself when necessary.
get a certificate of residency. record your permanent place of residence. apply for an alien book. get a red book of identification. obtain a re-entry permit if you plan to leave thailand and return later. apply to become a thai naturalized citizen after ten years of continuous residency.
sign up for a google analytics account. switch between website tracking and mobile app tracking. set up your account information. choose your data sharing options. click the "track tracking id" button. sign up for tag manager. select the container you want to use. upload the code for the tag you want on your website. edit the code. open the tag manager website. go to the analytics settings page. choose the type of tracking. select your triggers. save your tag. publish your new tag. read your reports. add the google tag manager code to your app's source code. download and install the google tags sdk. add a new tag in your android app. open google tags in your app. click "settings" and select "add a tag". add the page view tag. add an adwords tag. create a google adsense tag.
call the department of transportation. tell the level one operator that you want to change your address. provide information to the next level two operator. decide if you wish to get a new card.
go to http://www.microsoft.com/en-us/ and download the latest version of adobe photoshop. open up the program. learn how to use the basic commands. learn the advanced commands. try out some of the more advanced ones. learn some more advanced commands that you may not be able to use as much, but you can still use them to your advantage. experiment with the various tools and see what works best for you.
restart your computer. open the command prompt. type "cmd" or "command prompt" without the quotation marks into the search bar. select "run as administrator" from the drop down menu. enter the "del /f" command. hit ↵ enter.
take your child to the park. visit a petting zoo. go to a library or community center. run a water slide or wading pool. pick berries at a berry farm. go fishing.
start when the cat is a kitten. pet the cat. let the cat approach strangers. take the cat to friends' houses. consider using a clicker. teach the cat its name. teach your cat to "sit.", teach the "stay" command. take your cat outside. know that not every cat is right for therapy. practice calming your cat down. talk to your cat in a calm, soothing voice. watch for signs of aggression in your cat. consider your cat's personality. consider whether your cat needs professional help. be patient.
preheat the oven to 400 degrees fahrenheit (204 degrees celsius). , season the meat with salt and pepper. heat a large skillet over medium-high heat. add the vegetables to the roaster pan. add garlic, onions, and bay leaves. place the roast in the oven. remove from oven.
place the potatoes into a large saucepan. add the onions. remove from the heat. pour in the milk. stir in the potatoes. transfer the mixture to a serving bowl. serve.
have a good night's sleep. eat a healthy diet. drink lots of water. exercise. eat seafood. take a multi-vitimin. don't be afraid to ask your man how he is feeling. be available to your man. make time for sex. make sure you eat well. wear makeup/blush that suits your body type. be easy to figure out. pay attention to him. do things for him. if you are a woman and he is a man and you are not, then you need to learn how to be a woman. make him a little bit of your life every now and then. have fun together and don't worry if you don't get along with some of the same things he does.
realize that you do not have to be a christian to be successful in business. have the right attitude. have faith in jesusus christ. develop your talents and abilities. get a college degree. be wise. be generous. be a specialist. be aware that you are god's child and all the promises of god belong to you. be willing to work hard and get a job. be prepared to be measured and measured. be persistent. have a good work ethic. be honest with yourself and others about your abilities and talents. don't be afraid to ask for help. be humble in your business dealings. have good business ethics. be creative. be an entrepreneur. be smart. be able to make a profit. be self-reliant. be trustworthy. be responsible for your family and friends. be proud of your hard work and hard work hard work. be careful with your money. be ready for the unexpected. be patient. be flexible. be dependable. be optimistic. be confident. be courageous. be strong. be disciplined. be organized. be efficient. be reliable. be proactive. be innovative. be hardworking. be successful.
clean your baby’s gums once or twice a day. use a soft, wet gauze pad to clean the gums. repeat this process at least once a day for the first 3-4 weeks.
assess your posts. track your usage. acknowledge that you have a problem. identify the root of your addiction. seek help from a therapist or support group.
preheat the oven to 180ºc / 350ºf. mix the flour, yeast, and salt in a blender. add the sugar to the flour mixture. , add the eggs to the batter. pour in the milk. , pour the oliebol into a bowl. , cover the batter with a tea towel. pour oil into a frying pan. spoon the batter into the oil. fry the dutch doughnuts. remove the doughnuts from the oil with a slotted spoon when they are half cooked. , drain the oil on kitchen paper. serve the d Dutch doughnuts on a plate lined with kitchen paper for serving. finished.
prepare the carrots. prepare the carrots for cooking. cook the carrots as required.
talk to your family and friends. find a support system. talk to your doctor about your progress. consider talking to a therapist about your bracing.
gather your supplies. fill a ziploc bag with baby oil. mix paint and hot water. add the lava. seal the bag. play with your lava in a dark room. finished.
keep your child away from dangerous areas of the kitchen. keep your baby away from kitchen appliances. keep the following in mind when cooking: keep utensils out of the reach of small children, especially if you are cooking with them.
sanitize the parts daily. use breast pump wipes. put the parts in the dishwasher. use a microwave sterilizer to sanitize.
be aware of the symptoms of giardiasis. wash your hands frequently. get plenty of rest. stay hydrated. eat small meals throughout the day. try taking an herbal remedy. consider getting a prescription for anti-parasitic drugs. consider taking antibiotics to fight the infection. see your doctor regularly.
plan a system of check-ins. give your client “homework” to do on their own. encourage your client to track their progress on their myfitnesspal.
gather your ingredients. add the diced tomatoes and cream cheese to the slow cooker. cook the mixture for 15 minutes. stir in the cheese. add in the chili beans or ground beef. cook for four hours on low and serve.
avoid sharing drinks that have been opened or partially consumed. wash your hands before opening or sharing drinks.
blend the berries. scrape the seeds off with a knife. cut off strips of flesh from the strawberries. buy seeds or seedlings. freeze the seeds. allow the seeds to warm up before planting. prepare the seed tray. place the seeds in the soil. cover the seeds with plastic wrap. transplant the seeds when they germinate. care for the seedling.
open your web browser. navigate to this page: http://www.microsoft.com/programs/index.php. , click on this link. , read the instructions. , close all programs. , open notepad or notepad++. , right click on the file you want to save. , select save as. , change the save as type to batch file. , save the file. name your batch program. run the program. , check if the program exists or not.
determine the goal of your website. set a budget. choose a domain name. consider a self-made website. decide on a web host. choose your design. register your domain name with a domain provider. set up a payment plan. meet with a web designer. think about what your customers will be looking for. test your website before releasing it to the public. submit your website to search engines. develop a plan of attack. update your site regularly. hire a copywriter. use social media to promote your site. create a blog. create an e-newsletter. create social media accounts. create facebook pages. create twitter pages. use google adwords. use yahoo adwords and google analytics. use bing and yahoo analytics. make use of yahoo's search engine optimization tools. consider other search engine tools.
watch the debates. think about the issues you want to learn more about before the debate. get up to speed on the candidates' positions. read up on the most important issues of the week. find out how the networks will handle viewer questions ahead of time. watch at least one town hall debate, or one for each candidate, to get a deeper understanding of each candidate's views.
get a drastic haircut. dye your hair a different color. wear glasses or sunglasses. add some make-up to your face. change the way you carry yourself. lose or gain weight.
have a clear view of what you are photographing. have a good foreground. have some foreground and background. crop your photograph. use a tripod. set your camera on a level. get the horizon right in the camera. have the sun in the background. take your photographs at different times of the day. use the brightest part of the sun. bracket your photographs. use an hdr (high dynamic range) mode. use either a manual or manual shutter. be sure that your camera is set to manual mode or manual focus. take the picture at a steady, steady angle. keep your camera away from windows and metal objects. make sure you are using a good lens. don't be afraid to use a high-quality lens.
collect junk. sort through your junk. decide what you want to take. gather more junk. pack your junk into boxes. go to a flea market. be ready for a whirlwind. set up shop at the market. sell junk for a dollar. sell toys for a buck. sell used clothes and accessories at a goodwill clearance center. know what you can get for your junk before you buy it. be realistic.
choose the right toothbrush for your child. teach your child how to brush their teeth. set a timer for brushing. teach kids how to floss.
open the task manager. find the process that you want to kill. open the start menu as an administrator. right click the start button and select run as administrator. type .terminate process and press ↵ enter. , type example.exe into command prompt. , enter the command to terminate the process. click ok.
give ottergirl24 a command block. activate the daylight sensor. activate redstone. place the redstone and daylight sensor together. set the time. turn it back to day by typing the command /time set day. turn the time back to night.
try physiotherapy. purchase a walking aid for your child. join a support group. look into joining a clinical trial for stiff skin syndrome.
look at the problem. distribute the single-term polynomial to both terms. multiply the constants. multiply each variable by a, b, c, and d. write your final answer.
write a 5-10 minute eulogy. decide on a tone. create an outline. introduce yourself and set the tone. tell your life story in the body of the eulogogy. edit your eulogical thoroughly.
drive to the ponsonbys salon. go to the salon. get on your knees. wait for the cutscene to begin. chase the robbers out of the salon and kill them. chase them down in their vehicle. kill the robbers. decide if you want to keep the money or return it.
opt for lean, low-fat options. choose a protein-rich breakfast. choose fiber-rich cereals. skip the sugar. opt for egg yolks. cut back on the coffee.
use an oatmeal scrub. make an almond scrub. try a sea salt scrub. scrub your face with baking soda. make a scrub with coffee grounds and honey and water.
gather all of the tools you'll need to do this task. rake your garden. mow your lawn. use slug pellets. use weed killer pellets. get rid of any weeds immediately.
open the dragon city app. tap on the "breeding mountain.", tap the "breed" icon. select the two dragons that you want to mate. tap "start breeding.", wait for the breeding time to finish. tap the hatching icon on the lower-right side of the screen. tap “hatch” to hatch the egg.
check your local laws. release mute swans into small lakes. release grass carp into your lake. release insects that are host-specific to specific weeds.
open the document in adobe acrobat pro. use the redaction tool. apply the redactions. examine the document for hidden text and metadata. rename the document and save it.
introduce card games to your child. play fast figuring. play a practice round. set up time limits for each hand. create your own deck of cards for future games.
put your baby in motion. let your baby lie on his/her side. make a soothing noise. swaddle your baby. give your baby a warm bath. give the baby something to suck on. massage your baby’s body. put your baby down for a nap. put the baby to sleep. put a pacifier in your baby's mouth. use a soothing pacifier.
fill a spray bottle with water. add a few drops of white vinegar to the water. , shake the bottle. apply the shaving cream to the stain. let it dry. blot off the cream. apply a leather conditioner to the affected area. finish up.
mount your crossover unit in a stable location. connect your crossover to your receiver or preamp. connect the crossover outputs to your amplifier. hook up a subwoofer to the crossover. make sure your crossover has power. adjust your system to get a sound you like. adjust the crossover to get the sound you want. tune your receiver to get your desired sound. test your crossover. troubleshoot if you need to upgrade your receiver. finished.
use shien to defend yourself against a blaster-wielding opponent. use dem-so to fight droids, bounty hunters, and other enemies with a lightsaber. use djem- so to dominate.
go to http://www.dropbox.com. sign up for a dropbox account. click the 'get started' button. , fill out the registration form. create a new folder. name the folder. fill in the information about the person you want to share your folder with. share the folder with the person. upload files.click the 'done' button when you're done. , open the shared folder.
obtain a high school diploma or ged. work as a carpenter’s helper. enroll in an apprenticeship program. complete the apprenticeship programs. find work as an apprentice or as an individual. complete postsecondary education. earn a degree in carpentry. learn the fundamentals of the trade.
open the discord app on your android device. tap the three horizontal lines icon. tap ☰. tap on a server. tap a chat channel. tap ⋮. tap settings. tap channel settings. scroll down and tap delete. tap delete to confirm your action.
determine which type of physical custody is best for the child. decide if legal custody is the best option. determine if sole custody is an option. decide on joint custody.
acquire matches. get a lobster. get the lobster. have the lobster in your rucksack. start a bonfire. choose the lobster that you need for the recipe. finished.
decide what kind of tv writer you want to be. create a portfolio of your best work. submit your work to a number of television production companies to get an idea of what they are looking for in a writer. , submit your project to the production companies that you think would be the best fit for your project. , make sure that the production company you are applying to is aware of your work, and that you have a good relationship with them. , ensure that the companies you apply to accept your work before sending it to them. get a job as a tv writer. have fun working as a writer!
soak the gold in baking soda and water. scrub the gold with a toothbrush. rinse the gold. dry the gold off. finished.
decide if a handwritten note is appropriate. use a pen and paper. write your note by hand. address the note to the teacher. proofread your note. decide how you want to deliver the note. deliver the handwritten note to your child’s teacher.
wash the cantaloupe. cut the melon in half. remove the seeds. cut each half in half again to make wedges. serve the wedges as hand-held snacks or snacks. finished.
give your dog something to eat. place the medicine inside the food. wait for your dog to swallow the medicine out.
choose a solid format. keep your resume to a single page. choose a format. include your contact information. write an objective. list your education and experience. include a statement about your work history. write a cover letter. include an objective statement for each job you've applied for. make sure your resume is easy to read. include the most important information first. include contact information at the top of your resume. make your resume look professional. proofread your resume carefully.
determine if you have a dry socket. know the risk factors. contact your dentist or doctor. take pain medication. apply a cold pack. stay hydrated. try a saltwater rinse. avoid smoking. use a clove oil swab. flush the socket. change your oral dressings every day. use an antibiotic ointment. see a dentist if the socket does not improve within a week. watch for signs of infection. know when to see a doctor. get a referral to an oral surgeon for a referral.
open google maps. search for an address. make a marker. save the marker. share the marker (optional).
begin with the general form of a quadratic function. find the parabola of the function. use the coefficients of the x{\displaystyle x} terms to find the x-value of the vertex. calculate the value of −b2a{\display style -{\frac {b}{2a}}} for the vertex of the graph. insert the values of the coefficients into the corresponding values. write the result in terms of operations.
use rubbing alcohol and ammonia. remove glue and sticker marks. remove metal marks with metal polish. break up mineral buildup with vinegar. soak the pottery in hydrogen peroxide rags.
make sure you have all of the necessary materials. pick out your clothes the night before. pack your lunch. wake up early. brush your teeth. style your hair. get dressed. do your makeup. get ready for the bus. get to the bus stop on time. get on the bus and get to your destination. get off the bus, walk to your locker, and get into your car. get in your car and go to school. , have a great first day!
identify the “reporter” in the legal citation. look for the abbreviation of the name of the reporter. make note of the series reference, if there is one. note the number that leads off the citation. find the page number that immediately follows the reporter abbreviation. look up the quotation or reference that is separated by a comma. identify a regional reporter, if one is available. identify the regional reporter for the region of the decision. identify regional reporters for state decisions. identify state reporters for lower federal court decisions. recognize state reporters. identify national reporters, if applicable.
go to the forest every day. go to the mine. go farming. if you have free space in your farm, you can buy a chicken. chickens are easy to care for.
decide whether you want to make your own foil wrappers or buy some from a store. clean the container. paint the inside of the container with acrylic paint. choose the colors of foil. wrap each piece of foil around the base of the flowerpot. paint a coat of clear craft glue over the top of the foil. add a layer of clear varnish. decorate your flowerpot as you wish. finished.
accept that you can’t change their behavior. take responsibility for your own actions. assert your boundaries. distance yourself from them.
preheat your oven to 350°f (177°c). grease a large, microwave-safe mug. mix together the dry ingredients in a large mug. add the wet ingredients to the mug. stir in the remaining ingredients. microwave the cake for 30 seconds. let the cake cool for 10 minutes. make the frosting. serve the cake.
recognize the symptoms of brazilian wandering spiders. seek immediate medical attention. apply a cool, wet compress to the bite. place a cold compress on the bitten area. rest the bitten extremity for at least 24 hours after being bitten.
measure and draw a pattern on your fabric. cut out your pattern. mark your pattern on the fabric with marking chalk. sew the hems. fold the fabric in half lengthwise and press with iron. turn the fabric right side out. press the raw edges with an iron. sew around the edges with a straight stitch. press with a soft iron. use a pillow presser to press the stitches into the fabric. use your pillow. finished.
gather information about each spouse. find the correct court. visit the court’s website. search for the name of the person who filed for divorce.
turn off your phone. play a game of truth or dare. count. doodle. fold paper. write with your opposite hand. draw three dimensional shapes. block out everything except one sound. draw on your body. move your body in various ways.
stand in mountain pose. bend your knees into chair pose. hinge forward into a forward bend. lift your spine into a standing half-forward bend. step back into four-limbed staff pose. roll into upward facing dog. roll back to downward dog. end your sun salutation.
make sure you have all the pieces you need for your car. find a good place to build your lego car. organize your pieces by size, shape, and shape.
understand the difference between red and white stretch marks. exercise regularly. lose weight. use retin-a cream. moisturize your skin. apply a moisturizer.
eat leafy greens. eat fresh or dried herbs. eat scallions.scallions are another great source of vitamin k in your diet.
look for signs of cover up. check the walls. look for evidence of water seeping from the roof. check for dust. look at the flooring. check your roof. inspect the walls for cracks, holes, cracks or cracks that may be caused by water damage. , check the roof for rust. check that there are no cracks in the walls, doors or windows. look out for cracks and holes in the ceiling.
go to wikihow and click on the "help us" menu at the top. , ask your parent for help if you are under 13, or if you have a parent who can help you. create a new article. add a video to an article. manage related wikihows. save articles from deletion. join the rc patrol. go to the community dashboard. click the "edit" menu on the top, hold down, and you will see a list of categories. , categorize pages by category. visit the community discussion page. request new articles. search for duplicates of an article by clicking the "search for duplicate articles" link at the bottom of the page. , go to wikipedia.com and click "edit". , request an article to be added to the list.
combine the milk, rolled oats, and salt in a large bowl. stir in the coconut and chia seeds. let the mixture sit for an hour. refrigerate the oatmeal overnight. garnish and sweeten your oatmeal before serving.
learn about the show. learn about the story. watch the anime. get to know the characters. get romantic!, learn about magic kaito. watch some of the ovas. go to the official american and japanese versions of the anime!, go to funimation.com to get merchandise on the show!, if you're a fan of the show, go to a store that has anime and/or anime merchandise. check out some fan-made websites. if you don't have a tv/manga subscription, don't worry, there's still plenty of info to be found on the internet!, check out the manga websites as well.
wrap a gift in the first layer of wrapping paper. , add a layer of paper and another gift. pass the parcel around. unwrap one of the gifts.
research your local theater's website. contact the director of the theater, if you don’t already know who to contact. visit the theater and see if you can get in touch with current cast members. attend a show or audition.
first of all you need to do is remove all of the old files from the desktop. install the finder bar. install objectdock. install leopard wallpaper. install mouse cursors. install sounds pack. install expose for windows. install shock Caption. install flyakiteosx. install a leopard skin. install truetransparency. download and install a freut explorer. now you're all set up and ready to start playing!
choose a good location. set up your table and supplies. make your stand comfortable. decorate your stand. advertise your lemonade stand. ask your friends to visit. smile and be friendly. keep your stand neat and organized. offer cold or hot lemonade. make lemonade in different flavors. sell lemonade by the glass. offer a variety of drinks. make a lemonade sandwich. sell a drinkable lemonade drink. offer lemonade-flavored ice cream. sell hot or iced lemonade with a straw. finished.
avoid going out in the sun during peak hours. use sunscreen. wear protective clothing. avoid smoking and secondhand exposure to tobacco smoke if you want to.
check the manufacturer's instructions. soak your toilet in vinegar overnight. use a toilet brush and cleanser. identify the source of your toilet stains.
gather the necessary paperwork. apply online. apply by post. apply in person. wait for the permit. determine if you need an international driving permit. make sure you are eligible. check your insurance. learn the local rules and regulations before you travel.
sell books. buy and resell jewelry. resell furniture. buy wood. buy real estate. participate in a study. take and sell stock photos. make and sell background graphics. make web pages. sell crafts. write product reviews. write a book review. sell something you don’t use. make a money-making business plan. get a part-time job. sell your services. get paid to do what you love to do.
check the credit scores of both applicants. look at the credit score of one applicant. check the credit report of the other applicant. consider a co-signer account. consider an authorized user account. understand the purpose of a joint account. choose a credit card. fill out the application. check if you have read the terms of service of the offer you are applying for.
visit the exercise room. go for a morning jog. play a sport. take a walk around the ship. enjoy your time on the ship!
preheat the oven to 400° fahrenheit (204° celsius). prepare the squash. prepare the vegetables. melt the butter in a large saucepan over medium heat. add the heavy cream to the saucepan. remove from the heat. pour the cream into a saucepan with the vegetable mixture. remove the vegetables from the oven. , pour the mixture into a large bowl. transfer the mixture to a serving dish. , serve immediately. , finished.
melt the lard or oil in a large sauce pot. whisk in the flour. cook the roux for 30 to 45 minutes. brown the chicken in vegetable oil. saute the vegetables. add the garlic, parsley, and sausage. stir in the chicken, stock, and remaining chicken stock. season the gumbo with cayenne pepper, pepper, and gumbo roux. remove the chicken and skim the excess oil. return the chicken to the pot and simmer for 30 more minutes. season and serve the finished gumbo.
get permission. find a reputable piercer. make sure the shop is clean. use sterile needles. be prepared for some pain. use a clamp. expect swelling and tenderness. avoid certain activities for the first week. watch for whitish goo. clean the piercing. check the balls regularly. replace the jewelry. choose a style of jewelry for your piercing.
think about what kind of goth/punk you want to be. get the look. get a long, bright wig. accessorize. be confident!, get the attitude. if you don't have time to watch the show, you can always dress up lola's look. , if you have the time, you could go for the girly side of lola: black, white, black, pink, purple, black. , for the fun punky side: go for bright colors: neon, neon, hot pink, neon. wear headbands. for the fishnet look: black fishnets over a black mini with a patterned tank top with a big fishnet skirt over it, and a big, bright, colorful headband over it.
choose the right equipment. use a hand-free mic. find a good location. make sure the lighting is good. don't have your subject look directly into the camera. position the camera at eye level. keep the background in mind. shoot from more than one frame.
bring a large pot of water to a boil. cut away the core of the cabbage. boil the cabbage for 2 minutes. remove the leaves. cut off the center rib. combine the filling ingredients. place the filling in each leaf. wrap the leaves around the filling. fold the leaves under the bundle. transfer the rolls to a baking pan. pour the sauce into the pan. cover the rolls with the sauce. bake for 60 to 60 minutes. serve warm. preheat the oven to 400 degrees fahrenheit (200 degrees celsius). place the cabbage rolls on a baking sheet. bake until tender. serve hot. finished.
ask your friend what you can do to cheer her up. offer to help her when she needs it. ask her to call you if she needs to talk. ask your friends if you can talk to her about her sadness in private. tell your friend that you're concerned if her sadness continues to interfere with her life. suggest that she seek help for her problems.
cut your ingredients into bite-size pieces. heat your pan. add your fat. place the ingredients in the pan. turn down the heat if necessary. let the ingredients cook until they are al dente. remove the food from the pan and let it rest. experiment with different cooking techniques. know when to remove the ingredients from the heat. add a little bit of oil to the pan before adding the food. stir the ingredients together. add more oil if necessary to make the food more evenly distributed. add salt and pepper to taste. serve the food immediately after sautéing.
download the game. sign up for an account. play by yourself. play with a team. play against a team made of a. fight against the other team. choose a role. pick a hero. assign abilities. level up your hero. learn the basics of the map. understand the game mechanics. learn about the game modes. play a lot of games. get to know your teammates.
get immediate medical treatment. document damage to your property. get the names of witnesses. take pictures of the accident. write down your memories. gather evidence of lost income. hold onto all medical bills. take photographs of your injuries. document your pain and suffering. meet with an attorney. get a settlement agreement. draft a complaint. file the complaint. serve notice on the defendant. read the defendant’s response. defend against a motion for summary judgment. participate in discovery. sit for a deposition. consider alternate dispute resolution. prepare for trial. arrive early. dress appropriately. deliver an opening statement. present your case. testify on your own behalf. cross-examine the other side. testify at trial. make a closing argument. wait for the verdict. appeal, if necessary. file an appeal if you lose. go to trial, if you are unable to get a verdict.
let them know you are happy they are home. accept their changes. ask them to save some time for you.
remove the box from the box. rip the box apart. put the pieces you don't need into a bin or container. understand the parts of a lego Technic model. take the books that go with the model you wish to assemble. gather all the other pieces you'll need to reassemble the model. look at the back of the book for a list of all the parts. take out all the pieces from the bin or pile of pieces you've used up. start assembling the pieces by aligning them with the booklets. once you've assembled the model the way you want it, you can take it out of the bin/container and play with it. enjoy your "little piece of perfection" when you're done. finished.
go to https://www.twitter.com/ Warrenbuffett to send a tweet to him. wait for a response. finished.
find a place for the mother and her pups to sleep. make sure the mother is comfortable in her chosen area. cover the area with blankets or padding. place the box in a safe place in the room.
understand the meaning of precedent in law. understand what a precedent is. understand the difference between binding and non-binding precedent. understand that stare decisisis is not a binding precedent. look to previous court decisions. read the entire court opinion. identify the main issue decided by the court. look for the words that trigger you to find the rule of the case. analyze the reasoning behind the court’s decision. identify why the court decided in a particular way. look at the facts of the situation. identify relevant facts from the other side. compare the facts to the precedent. consider the consequences of the court's decision.
consider your family history. consider your age. eat a healthy diet. be healthy. eat the right foods. stop taking the pill. talk to your doctor. ask your doctor if you can have twins. consider multiple fertilization. ask about clomomid. get an ivf (intra fertilization device). ask about the chances of twins in the first trimester. consider the risks of twins after the first pregnancy. be prepared for a high-risk pregnancy. know that twins are not guaranteed. understand the risks and benefits of having twins. have twins naturally.
tell a story. use the right tone of voice. give signals. be specific. be ready to answer any questions the executives may have. don't be afraid to take a break. take notes during the pitch.
use a video camera or smartphone camera. position the camera so that the tv image is filled. avoid digital zoom. use a camcorder if you have one. make sure the room is dark. hold the camera steady. avoid getting caught in the tv reflection. transfer the video to your computer. upload the video.
decide what kind of ear plugs you need. determine your budget. determine how many earplugs you'll need. test out the ear plugs before you buy them. finished.
understand how a man responds to stress. don’t jump to conclusions. avoid overreacting to his isolation. avoid trying to solve his problem. offer support. listen to him. allow him to express his feelings. reassure him that he’s not alone. encourage him to seek professional help if he needs it. be there for him when he needs you the most.
take anti-parasitic medications. treat any additional complications. seek further treatment if your cat's symptoms do not improve.
learn how to improve your kill rate. have the right levels. have superior leadership and organization. have a good leader. know how to pile. don't let your leader die early. stay together during the fight. pile. have mages. have good binder ratio. have f2p spells. know when to use spells. have high level mages. use a lot of spells. be a good team player. know your enemy's strengths and weaknesses. know what to do if you lose. know who to attack. know where to go. know the enemy's weaknesses.
purchase something you’ve been wanting. treat yourself to a spa day. indulge in food.
consider the dietary needs of the elderly person you are feeding. find out what the elderly relative likes to eat. bring the meal to the patient's room. make sure the patient is comfortable. feed the person. be patient. talk to the person as they eat. don't be afraid to ask the patient if they would like a sip of water if they are having trouble swallowing. try not to distract the patient too much during mealtime. allow the person to finish as much of the meal as they want. be kind to them. enjoy the meal with them.
use jewelry polish to clean delicate jewelry. use an ultrasonic cleaner to clean fragile jewelry. hire a professional to clean your jewelry.
fill a sink with warm water. add detergent to the water. scrub the insoles with a sponge or cloth. rinse off the soap with a wet sponge. dry the insole.
combine the dry ingredients. mix in the wet ingredients. add the remaining ingredients. cream the butter, sugar, and vanilla. stir in the food coloring. spoon the colors into the cupcake liners. swirl the batter with a toothpick. bake the cupcakes. let the cakes cool. make the frosting. add food coloring to each cupcake. frost and decorate as desired. serve and enjoy your tie-dye.
ggather information about the incident. draft your complaint. file your complaint with the clerk of court. have the bar owners served. wait for a response. evaluate the bar's response. consider any settlement offers. participate in discovery. attend your court hearing. receive the judge's decision. consider filing a motion for summary judgment. attempt to settle. attend the final pretrial hearing.
go to max factor’s website. click on the contact us link. choose your country of origin. find the contact number for max factor. call the number. wait for a representative to pick up. speak with a representative.
take concerta or ritalin. try modafinil. consider methylphenidate. consider diazepone. consider cocaine. recognize the side effects.
use your tool belt. collect seeds. find an allotment patch. apply compost to the patch. plant the seeds. wait for the patch to grow. harvest the item after 80 minutes have passed.
determine if you are eligible to register. register online. fill out a fafsa form if you have not recently moved. register with the department of education. register at any us post office. call the selective service if you do not receive a letter within 90 days. inform the selective service of any changes to your information if you change your address. know the consequences of not registering by 26.
try out for auditions. get an equity contract. apply for membership to the actors’ equity association.
acquire a pot. gather the ingredients needed to make the curry.have the ingredients in your rucksack. walk to the pot on your kitchen counter. choose the ingredients that you need for the recipe. choose your ingredients. finished. , finished.
try a sea salt scrub. apply lemon juice to your face. make a honey mask. try oil cleansing with castor oil and sunflower seed oil. use baking soda.
prepare the green beans. cook the beans. drain the beans in a colander. add the beans to a saucepan or frying pan. pour in the butter and sugar. pour the beans into the saucepan. add salt and pepper to taste. serve immediately. , finished.
drive away from them as fast as you can. avoid them at all costs. if you are going over a bumpy course, don't slow down at all. if they are driving too fast, they will slow down and then slow down. watch out for cars that are going too fast and try to pass you. watch the pros.
choose an epitaph. choose a font. choose an image for the headstone. approve the proofs and pay for the final headstone design.
get your measurements done by a professional. get your first measurements when you're seven to eight months pregnant. give yourself time to adjust. measure your ribcage. measure the fullest part of your breasts. subtract your band size from this measurement. buy several nursing bras. choose the right material. choose a nursing bra style. check out the support features. look for clasps at the top of each cup. practice opening and closing the nursing bra. make sure you have enough space in the bra to nurse your baby.
learn the difference between anxiousness and eagerness. use the verb “to” when followed by a gerund (the "–ing" verb form) and an infinitive verb.
try to get his attention. make eye contact with him. make the first move. don’t be afraid to be yourself. go with your gut. keep in mind that every situation is different and that you may not be able to make everything work.
go to https://www.facebook.com. click on the friend request link at the top of the page. , click on send friend request. , type the name of the person to whom you want to send a friend request and press send. , confirm.
make a list of your accomplishments. talk to your family and friends. find causes and projects that you believe in. set realistic goals. take time to reflect on your experiences. be patient.
check that the submersible motor is suitable for submersion in water. check that the motor is compatible with the pump stater box. check the motor cable and drop cable. check fittings. lubricate and seal splined shaft. fit the pump. fit rising main. fit bore cap. splice the cable splice to the rising main and motor. attach drop cable to the motor. , feed the assembly through the bore cap and into the casing. attach the assembly to vehicle. lower pump into well. lower the last meter. remove the well cap. , allow the pump to rest on the casing for a few moments. , remove the borecap. , raise the pump out of the well. , lower the pump back into the well and remove the "d" shackle. , check that water level is correct. , fill the well with water. , turn on the pump and allow it to run for a couple of minutes to allow the water to settle. , test that the pump is operating properly. , make sure that the water levels are correct.
make a guest list. decide who to invite and who not to invite. buy all the food and drinks you'll need. decide where you will sleep. clean the house. set the table. set up the activities. make sure everyone has a good time to get ready. play games. eat dinner. clean up. have fun!, clean up after the sleepover. clean your room. go to bed early.
avoid labeling yourself as antisocial. don't talk as much as you used to. finished.
play single player. use remote weapons. use recon droids. use wrist rockets. use the wrist rockets as a last resort weapon.
switch to generic medications. send your prescriptions to a mail-order pharmacy. take advantage of discount cards. shop around. use over-the-counter medications.
open your iphone's settings. scroll down and tap general. tap notes. slide the notes button to the "off" position. tap photos.
think about your priorities. try different eye creams. talk to an aesthetician or dermatologist.
use the bathroom whenever you feel the urge to go. treat constipation. eliminate bladder-irritating foods and drinks. reduce your fluid intake. stop smoking. lose extra weight. eat a healthy diet. perform kegel exercises to strengthen your pelvic floor muscles. take steps to reduce your appearance. wear underwear that supports your bladder. use a wet washcloth or pad. change your toilet habits. talk to your doctor about medications. see a therapist. consider surgery if symptoms persist or worsen.
research how the email service provider manages subscribers. ask about the ip address your service provider assigns you. research email deliverability rates. check the reliability of your email service service provider. review your email campaign delivery success reports.
assume a power stance. make yourself feel good. focus on the guys you want to approach. be confident. go to a gay bar. approach a lot of men. don't use a pick up line. keep the conversation flowing. pay attention to his body language. ask him out. follow up with him.
eat enough protein. get enough sleep. drink plenty of water. eat healthy fats. consume carbohydrates to keep your body’s energy.
use english. use a medium-to-high power stroke. use kick shots as a last resort. practice as much as possible.
create a business plan that lays out your vision for your business.
decide what kind of herbs you want to sell. buy seeds, cuttings, and dried herbs. get the supplies you'll need to grow the herbs. provide fresh herbs to restaurants. use plant markers to advertise your herbs. sell flowers to local florists. advertise in local newspapers, fliers, and on the internet as well.
expose your newborn to filtered sunlight. increase your baby’s feedings. keep your newborn hydrated. undergo light therapy. get a blood transfusion if bilirubin remains.
learn about the country. learn how to speak the language. learn basic phrases. find a tutor. learn some of the customs. learn the basic english customs. know how to deal with money. know the currency system and how to exchange your money.
have some snacks on hand. have a drink. watch a movie or television show. curl up with a favorite book or two.
open skype. tap the skype app. select a conversation. , tap and hold the message you want to delete. select delete from the menu menu.
use a diffuser or candles. use boiling water and essential oil. make an essential oil room spray. add essential oil to your cushions and pillows. make a multi-purpose cleaning spray. make your own essential oil t-shirt squares. use essential oils in a variety of ways around the house. finished.
decide on a budget for your wedding cake. decide if you want a small, simple, or multi-tiered, cake. consider the weather conditions.
choose real chocolate. buy powdered or oil-based food coloring. warm the food coloring to room temperature. prepare a double boiler. heat a small pan of water. add food coloring and a stirring utensil to the pan. melt the chocolate. transfer the chocolate to the double boil. keep the chocolate between 110ºf and 120ºf (37ºc and 46ºc). add the dye. remove from heat and stir in neutral-flavored food coloring (optional). add more food coloring, if necessary. remove the chocolate from heat. serve and enjoy. store in an airtight container. finished.
avoid alcohol 24 hours before the test. fast for 12 hours. stay hydrated. have a phlebotomist draw a sample of your blood. wait for your results. talk to your doctor about the results. consider a direct ldl cholesterol test. schedule an appointment for a fasting test. eat a small amount of food and drink plenty of water. take your ldl levels as directed. follow your doctor's recommendations for lifestyle changes. take medications as prescribed. maintain a healthy weight. exercise.
go to the outlook account closure page. click log in. enter your email address and password. click confirm account. click continue. read and accept the terms of deletion. click next. enter a reason. click mark for deletion.
join a local pony club. take an equine riding course. join a professional riding club. join the national association of the pony club of america. , join the american society of equine breeders (asa). join a local club.
choose the right jeans. wash the jeans. decide how long you want your shorts to be. cut the jeans to the length you want them to be, if necessary.
research the fertility clinic's website. contact the clinic directly. ask questions about the staff. find out if there is a support group for women who have been treated by the clinic. talk to friends and family members of people who have used the clinic in the past. ask the doctor about his or her experience with the clinic, if you have any questions or concerns about treatment.
assess the violation. vote to dissolve in accordance with your articles of incorporation. hire experts. file dissolution documents with the secretary of state. cancel any existing licenses and permits. notify employees of the dissolution. file your final tax returns. cancel your employer identification number (ein). cancel your trademarks and registrations. close the joint venture corporation. notify creditors of your dissolution. contact your creditors. pay off your debts. pay your taxes. close your joint venture company.
eliminate distractions. perform one task at a time. move off by yourself. use white noise. put on headphones. play memory games. do puzzles. read. do math in your head. make a schedule. eat a healthy diet. get enough sleep. exercise regularly. avoid alcohol and drugs. get plenty of exercise. get a good night’s sleep. practice relaxation techniques. practice deep breathing. practice progressive muscle relaxation. practice mindfulness. practice positive thinking.
talk to your doctor. create a meal plan. choose foods that are easy to include in your recipes. incorporate anti-inflammatory foods.
purchase a cardboard binder. cut the binder to size. customize the cover design. protect the cover.
be aware of your surroundings. stay safe. stay a distance away. get a good hiding spot. eavesdrop if you want to. record your evidence and enjoy!
download the public key of 0x416f061063f610fee659. save it in a folder. verify your file and signature-file. verify that you have acquired all the required information. to verify the authenticity of your file, you would do one of the following: open the gpg command-line interface. verify the verifiable of the file with the following command.
purchase a commercial parts kit. purchase a gun parts kit from a gun show. attend a gun build party. visit a gun club or event.
build a frame around the cage. cut the legs for the hutch. attach the legs to the bottom of the frame. place the cage in the frame and secure it. secure the sides. add a roof.
keep your mouth hydrated. avoid bad breath-inducing foods. practice good hygiene. chew gum before kissing.
make sure you meet the age and legal requirements. check the jurisdictional limit. write a demand in writing. understand the benefits of limited discovery and evidence rules. consider hiring an attorney. use the small claims court forms assistant program. complete the summons and complaint. sign the complaint. file the complaint and summons. have the defendant served. wait for a response from the defendant. prepare for your hearing. appear on your court date. present your case to the judge. listen to the defendant's side of the story. make your closing argument. receive the judge's decision. file your proof of service. serve the defendant with a copy of the judgment. file an appeal, if you want to.
try talking to her about it. don't wait until the last minute to talk to her. try to understand why your mother did what she did. ask a family member to mediate your relationship. if you really can't deal with your mother, talk to a trusted friend or family member. if all else fails, tell your mother that you're leaving. get some distance from her. finished.
teach your child to floss with playdough. practice flossing on your fingers. show them how to cut and floss. use floss picks or floss holders. get a water flosser. visit the dentist. remind them daily. supervise your child. watch them floss for the first few weeks. let them choose their own picks.
keep some household items out of reach. choose age-appropriate toys. pick up messes immediately. teach older children to pick up after themselves. supervise your children. remove seeds and pits from foods. show children how to take small bites. talk about eating slowly. encourage chewing. eat at the right time. avoid sudden movements. avoid giving young children certain foods. cook foods carefully.
buy a rear-facing infant car seat. get a convertible car seat if you plan on using it for a couple of years. consider a booster seat for older children. consider buying a baby seat that can be attached to a stroller.
choose a yarn or thread. choose a hook. thread the yarn or yarn to your liking. place the hook on the hook. chain one. , double crochet three stitches into the first stitch. , chain three and double crochet in the second stitch. double crochet two in the third stitch. chain three. , repeat the previous step. , single crochet two stitches into each eyelet. repeat the second step. make as many eyelets as you want the scarf to be. chain 3. double-crochet two into each of the first two eyelets. chain two into the middle of the second eyelet, then double crochet into the second double crochet. repeat this pattern for the rest of the eyelets until you reach the end of the row. , make a slip stitch into the third double crochet, then chain one and double- crochet two. , do the same thing for the next eyelet and the next two shells. , join the first and second eyelets together. , continue the same way. , work to the top of the third eyelet with a single crochet. , skip a stitch and chain two. work a double crochet around the corner of the last shell. , slip stitch around the edge of the next shell. continue this pattern until the scarf is the length you want it. , add any fringes or tassels you want. , turn the scarf right side out. , tie off any loose ends with a yarn knot. , trim off any excess yarn. , wear the scarf.
navigate to https://www.youtube.com in chrome. hover over the video you want to watch. click the magnifying glass icon. click and drag the rectangle icon to the right. press ⌘ command+f11 or ⇧ shift+f.
determine your category. find a sponsor. check eligibility requirements. complete the application process. collect required documents. complete an online application. pay the application fee. schedule an interview. attend the interview. receive your visa. find out if you are eligible for an exchange student visa. complete a background check. submit your application. attend your visa interview. get a copy of your visa application. submit the application online.
go to the bathroom at the same time each day. go when you feel the urge. take some time to relax. make your bathroom clean and inviting. keep your bathroom door closed.
refrigerate or freeze your leftovers. store the food in airtight containers. throw out food you're suspicious about. store meat in the refrigerator. store poultry and ground meats in the freezer. reheat meat and fish. use the leftovers in one-dish meals. make a sandwich with meat and bread. add meat to sauces and sauces. store baked goods in air-tight containers and bags. dry out grains and other grains. freeze leftovers for later use. cook with leftovers as a side dish. use leftovers to make a meal. freeze leftover food for future use. finished.
measure the angle of the inside corner of the wall. cut the first piece of crown molding to the exact same angle as the measured angle. make the second piece of molding the same as the first. saw the left inside corner to the same exact angle. jig the right inside corner. jigs the right corner. slide the two pieces of crown Molding into place on the jig.
eat dark-colored fruits such as cherries, raspberries, strawberries and blueberries. use hot and cold packs to relieve pain and inflammation. take vitamin c supplements. vitamin c is a powerful anti-inflammatory agent that lowers the levels of uric acid in your blood. reduce your intake of foods that can cause gout. add 1 tbsp. use herbs and herbs that are known to relieve gout pain. try adding 1 tsp. rub the area around the gout joint with leaves of your favorite plant.
open your browser. open the history menu. select the "clear browsing data" option. select how far back in time you want to clear your history. select other options. clear your browsing history.
be aware of who you’re around. pay attention to time of day. be aware of formality expectations.
gather the winks, pot, mat, and squidger. find a partner. squidge winks into the pot. use the correct squidgers. stand diagonally across from your partner. start the game with a squidge-off. play a wink of each color in alphabetical order. determine the winner of the game. play until the time runs out. continue playing until one color is won. stop playing when all winks are potted or squopped. play the next round of tiddlywinks. play another round with the same color. keep playing until someone wins.
choose a one piece snowsuit for your child. choose a cotton one piece suit if your child is young and active. get a two or three piece suit for older children. consider a one or two piece suit with a zipper. choose an all-in-one suit if you want your child to protect them from the cold. choose polyester if you can afford it. get polyester for the most common filling. choose flannel for a two piece jacket. get down for a down lining. choose fleece for warmth. choose fleece for moisture resistance. get fleece if you need to keep your child warm in cold weather. get snow boots if you don’t have shoes.
talk to your doctor about 5ht3 receptor blockers. take antiemetic drugs to combat nausea. ask your doctor if you should take prednisolone to treat hyperemesis gravidarum. take steroids to reduce vomiting triggers.
visit a monastery. become a novice. pass the novicehood process. become an intended monk. take temporary vows. join the monastery for good as a monk.
determine your communication style. set ground rules that you can both agree on. avoid bringing up the past and using “you should have” statements. take the time to work on your communication skills and put in the work. give your guy the space and time he needs to process what you are telling him and process it his way.
use a humidifier. put your dress in the wash. add baking soda to the washing machine. hang-dry your dress on a hanger. walk around barefoot when you wear your dress.
play as a rear-line healer with hardened focus. play as a sustain healer with reach > boundless conviction > wave of light > divine shield > holy shock > shrink ray. build uther as a front-line sustain healer. use spell shield or shrink ray as a disruptor. play with fist of justice as healer.
realize that jesus died for us. realize that god forgives your sins. remember that god is not far away from you. know that you are not alone. love god with all your heart, mind, soul, and soul. , love your lord unconditionally.
prepare your work area. lie on your back. place a hand towel on the shoulder of the ear you’ll be treating. drip hydrogen peroxide into your ear canal. hold the solution in for 3-5 minutes. drain the ear. repeat the process on the other ear. clean your ears twice a week. avoid using cotton swabs. do not use peroxide if you have ear tubes. know when to see a doctor for ear pain or discharge.
choose a high-quality corn. dry the corn. store the corn in an air-dried container in a cool, dry place. , check the moisture content of the popcorn. use the popcorn as you would any other food.
do not overcook the chicken. test the internal temperature of the chicken with a meat thermometer. cook the chicken at a low, slow temperature. let the chicken sit for 5 to 10 minutes before carving. do not cut the chicken immediately.
understand that it's all in the subconscious. start with something small, and work your way up to bigger things. build up your "tool" of self-motivation, and use it to direct your life.
make a marinade for the chicken. wash the chicken breasts. cut the chicken into bite-sized pieces. , rinse the chicken pieces. make the marinated chicken. heat the ghee in a pan over medium high flame. add the butter to the pan. add chicken pieces to the cooker. add water. cook the chicken for 4 to 5 minutes. add onion and sauté for 1 minute. add spices. add salt and pepper to taste. add cooked chicken. add gravy. check the gravy. serve the chicken and gravy. finished.
rearrange your furniture. try feng shui. place metal rods at strategic points. use other objects. place cork under your bed. use a crystal to protect yourself. reduce your exposure to electromagnetic pollution.
store your guitar in a hard case. store your guitar face up. keep your guitar away from water and humidity. use a hygrometer.
determine if you are eligible for child support. determine who will be responsible. file a petition for custody or establish paternity. understand the role of the court. talk with the other parent. fill out a stipulation form. modify your child support order, if necessary. understand that the court can modify the child support amount if the child cannot support himself or herself.
play with your cat. listen to your cat’s vocalizations. see if your cat likes to eat strange foods. observe whether your cat enjoys sitting in your lap or following you around.
feed your centipede live prey. provide small insects. provide soft-bodied prey. feed arachnids. feed large centipedes small prey. give your cent ipede water regularly.
clean everything that needs to be cleaned. clean the kitchen. the bathroom. the living room. the bedroom. the dining room. all of the bedrooms. the laundry. the kitchen and bathroom. if you have a dishwasher, wash the inside and outside of the dishwasher. the refrigerator. the microwave. the washing machine. the dryer. the vacuum. the garbage can. the trash can. your apartment is now clean!
introduce the idea in the first half of the sentence. put commas between the “and” and the verb. rearrange the sentence so it looks like this: “my parakeet ricky likes the following types of fruit: strawberries, kiwis, and pineapple.” you can rearrange this sentence without a colon. add a colon after the first item in the sentence to complete the first part. add an independent clause after the colon. use a semi-colon after a colon to join the two independent clauses. make sure the reader knows who is going to be quoted. use double quotes after the independent clause.this way, the reader is aware that the author is the one who is being quoted. end the sentence with double quotes. understand the difference between semi- and colon and colon. remember that colons are meant to join two separate parts of sentences.
understand the purpose of hinting. don’t expect a gift. be considerate. involve the listener. use the subjunctive mood. drop a historical hint. avoid giving forbidden gifts. hint on the giver’s behalf. drop your hint at the right time. hint right after receiving a gift if you’re given one. hint after receiving one.
ask questions. pick out the important parts of the lecture. review your notes before and after class. use a laptop for note taking. use an audio recorder during class. don’t skip steps when writing out math problems. use different colors in your notes. use abbreviations and abbreviations. use the correct punctuation. write out important words and phrases. write down key words and numbers. write in the correct order. organize your notes in a logical manner. make sure you’re not plagiarizing. keep your notes organized and organized.
find the nearest canadian embassy or consulate. gather information about the fraud. file your report. follow up with any follow-up information as necessary.
determine whether the process needs to be reviewed. consider whether duplicate tasks should be removed from the process. look at the transfer of responsibility.
know what you’re going to do with the employee’s responsibilities. consider offering a severance agreement in exchange for pay. set up a time and place to meet with your employee to discuss the reason for the termination.
drink aloe vera juice. drink fennel tea. add more mustard to your diet. drink chamomile and ginger tea. try taking dgl (digitalglycolic acid) tablets. take slippery elm tablets.slippery elm is a plant that has anti-inflammatory and antacid effects.
use a sea salt mouth rinse. try oil pulling. make a baking soda and strawberry paste. use baking soda to whiten your teeth. use apple cider vinegar. use coconut oil. use hydrogen peroxide. chew sugar-free gum. don’t forget to brush and floss your teeth at least twice a day.
launch the app store. search for the microsoft excel app. install the app. launch microsoft Excel. sign into your microsoft account. open the account window. add a service. allow dropbox access. open dropbox. find your spreadsheet. view spreadsheet.
draw six circles. draw two curved lines coming from the bottom of each circle. draw another set of six circles, but this time on the opposite side of the first one. draw a curved line coming down from the top of the body of the cloud. add in the eyes and cheeks. draw in the nose and mouth. outline your cloud. color it in.
preheat the oven to 350ºf/180ºc. , cook the potatoes. cut the potatoes in half. wash the green beans. mix the beans with the salt and pepper in a bowl. make the vinaigrette. add the salad ingredients. dress the salad. serve and enjoy!
pick out some books for your toddler. let your toddler choose 2-3 books to bring home. choose books with few words on the page. find books that go along with your toddler’s interests. make books accessible. set aside time to read. establish a routine. don’t push reading. allow your child to move around. show your child how to act out in the story. read with your child. read to your child regularly.
accept that you're in love with the wrong person for the right reasons. remind yourself that you have value. don’t allow yourself to feel sorry for yourself. keep a gratitude journal to boost yourself.
volunteer. speak out about accessibility issues in your community. teach your own children about disability and disability.
asassemble the items needed to complete the project. wrap the armature wire around the base of the tree sculpture. bend the wire to make a loop. thread the wire through the top of the sculpture. , twist the wire until it forms a loop around the tree. attach the tree decoration to the wire using the pliers. thread a length of cord through the loop. hang the decoration from the tree and tie the end of the cord to the back of the wire. finished.
determine whether or not you have amebiasis. look for the symptoms of the infection.if you suspect you have the infection, seek the advice of your doctor. treat the infection as soon as possible. ask your doctor about medications. get fluids if you are having severe diarrhea. consider surgical procedures. treat liver infections. have your colon surgically repaired if necessary. treat additional infections. take precautions to prevent infection. follow up with your doctor after treatment. avoid contaminated foods and drinks. practice good hygiene. avoid traveling to areas where there is a high risk of infection. wash your hands often. avoid contact with contaminated water. avoid sharing personal items. use personal hygiene products. practice safe sex. practice hygiene.
wrap the pre-wrap around your waist and then wrap it around your ankle. , pull the pre wrap up around your body. pull the roll up to the top of your head. wrap the roll around your wrist. pull it up to your waist. repeat the process until you feel comfortable with the fit.
talk to your doctor about health risks. check for travel health notices. avoid eating contaminated food. drink boiled water. take preventative medicine for certain illnesses. stay away from infected animals.
decide what type of pet you want. talk to a pet counselor. look online for a list of available pets. contact a shelter directly. choose the right animal. buy supplies for your pet. prepare your home for your new pet. bring all required documentation to the animal shelter. be prepared to pay the adoption fees. find out how you will take your pet home. bring your pet to the shelter. make an appointment with a veterinarian. get your pet spayed or neutered. take care of it properly.
talk to your veterinarian about feeding your puppy. feed your puppy a high-calorie diet. make sure your puppy gets plenty of exercise. keep your puppy active.
learn about the career path. start your education path early. get a pre-med degree. take the medical college admissions test (mcat). apply to medical schools. pass the medical licensing exam. apply for a position as a medical examiner. get certified as a certified medical examiner (cme). pass the state medical examiners examination. apply to become a medical doctor. get hired as aMedical examiner. maintain certification.
determine whether or not this method is appropriate for your home. arrange the fans inside the window frame. determine how many fans you will need. determine which direction the fans will blow from. cover the area around the fan. mask the air around the fans if necessary. remove the fans when the inside temperature drops below 60 °f (21 °c) during the day. turn off the fans once the temperature is below 60°f.
learn more about the condition. allow yourself to grieve. talk to a counselor. sign up for an adjustment course. learn about assistive technology. consider using assistive devices. find a support group. join a support network. take care of your physical needs. maintain a healthy diet. exercise regularly. get enough sleep. eat a balanced diet. manage stress and anxiety.
understand what a relative clause is. identify non-restrictive modifiers. look for the presence of who in the clause. determine if the modifier is non- Restrictive. identify prepositional phrases that interrupt the main sentence. identify restrictive modifiers. set off restrictive modifiers with commas. remove restrictive modifiers carefully.
decide what kind of fish and community you want to keep. decide on a budget. choose a tank size. choose the right type of tank. get a filter. get the right amount of food. buy the right kind of tank accessories. get some water. buy a heater and dechlorinator. get an aquarium filter. choose your tank type. set up the tank. add the water. put in the filter. add in the fish. add a heater. put the tank in the right place. add your fish. put your fish in the tank and turn on the heater. turn the water on. turn on all the lights. turn off the water and let the fish get used to it. take care of your fish properly.
apply mineral oil to your pets' ears. use sulfur lotion to treat scabies. introduce predator mites to your garden. get rid of clover mites. use borax to kill off clovers. keep spiders out of your home or garden.
know the difference between charms and talismans. understand the types of charms and fortunes. choose a charm or fortune. attach your chosen charm to an important area of your life. place the charm in a special place on your body. return your charm to the shrine after a year if it has passed its expiration date.
don’t come on too strong at first. give each other space. ask questions. flirt with your new love. know when to end the relationship, if necessary.
perform a tendu motion with your toes. use a therapy band. write the alphabet in the air with toes.
determine the classification of your medical device. determine if your device falls under class i, ii, iii, or iii. find out what pre-market notification or pma is required by fda for your device. obtain a list of 510k forms. submit your application and pay the required fees.
dial the exit code for the country you are calling. dial the country calling code for ukrainia. dial ukraine’s city or area code. enter the area or city code of the individual phone you are trying to reach. write down the number.
choose a storage device. connect the storage device to the computer. open file history. open the backup program. configure the settings. select the backup drive. turn on the backup process. finished.
discuss dieting with your partner in private. tell them the benefits of dieting. be specific. show them specific dieting plans. be compassionate. focus on your own health. watch documentaries together. let the issue rest. don’t press them. go grocery shopping together. eat healthy foods at home. avoid junk food at restaurants. go to the gym. exercise together. do physical activity together. go on a vacation together. plan a date night out. do something fun together. keep a food journal together.
have your vet perform a preventative gastropexy. feed your dog multiple small meals a day. supplement your dog’s diet with wet food. avoid feeding your dog after exercising.
determine your budget. define your criteria. identify an area of london you want to live in. consider renting a room in a shared house or flat. consider transport costs. make sure you are eligible to rent in the uk. search online listings. contact estate agents directly. arrange to see a property in person. contact the landlord directly. make an offer on the property. be prepared to pay the rent yourself. be aware of the costs of living in london. prepare for the cost of utilities. be ready to pay for utilities and utilities.
open the app store. tap ☰. tap purchased. tap not on this iphone. tap my purchases. tap all purchased. scroll down. tap an app to download.
know your pokémon's moves and evolutions. use combination types to your advantage. breed. level up your team. train your pikmon. know how to fight. use the power items. train on the weak types. use other types too.
spend quality time with your boyfriend.you and your boyfriend can spend a lot of time doing things that you both enjoy together. spend quality time together. make time for each other. talk to your boyfriend about the things you love about each other and your relationship.
use the express lane. leave enough space between you and the conveyor belt. make sure you have everything you need. be prepared to give coupons to the cashier in advance. bag your groceries. stay calm. don't look at other lines. when you get to the check-out line, greet the casher. if you see someone in a shopping cart that is too close to your cart, move away from it. ask if the person in the cart has to move to the next line. take a deep breath and relax.
think about why you ended the friendship. think about the good times you had with your friend. write a letter to your former friend. don’t be afraid to get emotional about the loss.
know who can commit insurance fraud. understand the costs. learn about premium diversion. know the different types of consumer insurance Fraud. understand how claims adjusters can be involved in fraud.
if you don't already have one, get one. melt the chocolate in the microwave. pour the melted chocolate into a mold and put it in the fridge until it is solid. remove the bar from the mold and place it on a piece of paper. once the chocolate has solidified, take the bar out of the mold. , wrap the bar in the wrapper of your choice. once you have done that, place the bar on the top of the candy bar. put the candy on top and place the candy in the middle of the bar. place the chocolate bar on top of your candy bar and tie a ribbon around it. , put the top on the bar and you're done!
twist a section of hair close to your hairline. pin it to the midsection. pin another section to the other side. finished.
learn the controls: tilt your device to go forward, back, left and right. learn the stages: there are 5 stages in story mode, survival mode, the store, and the store. learn how to use the controls. learn about the fish. learn what to do if you bump into a seal. learn to jump on the fish to get a boost or buy fish.
launch bitcasa. log in. view the main screen. go to my drive. select the folder where the files to share are located. select files. share the files. compose an email. send the email.
eat salmon. eat fish rich in omega-3 fatty acids. use the point system to plan your fish meals. eat a variety of types of fish. plan your meals. cut away the fat from the skin of the fish. wash your hands before and after eating fish. avoid eating raw or undercooked fish. limit your consumption of shellfish. limit the amount of mercury in your diet. drink plenty of water. finished.
open the command prompt. create the script file. create a!/bin/bash script. add two lines to the script. create two menu items. write the code for the menu item. add a line to the end of the code. add the ls command. add runls(). , add the runls() function. , add ls -la $directory. , type in runlselif then. type in fidone. ,type in fidoone.type in do. type out the if statement. write out the while statement.type out the -ne statement. add in a catch all for values that don't meet the menu items' requirements. add an if statement and a catch-all for errors. , save the file as a funloop.sh file. , run the script in a different shell. finished.
break the knot. understand the meaning of the word "break its back". understand the two ends of the knot: the running end and the standing end. pull the ‘rabbit’ loop away from the knot so that it forms a cross. break the knot by pulling the loop away. finished.
choose a bra that fits well under a t-shirt. wear a standard bra. try a seamless bra. go with a demi-cup bra. opt for a plunging bra for a deep neckline. wear halter bras for a more conservative look. try strapless bras. try spaghetti straps. try convertible bras. use silicone adhesive bras as a last resort. wear the bra and underwear at the same time.
add hair extensions. get a wig. start with clean, dry, and tangle free hair. add volumizing product to the top of your hair. tease your hair back. create a hair bump. braid a french braid. plait braid down to the end. tug and loosen the braid at the top. curl the front of your head. pull out your baby hairs. spray your hair with texturizing hairspray.
crowd fund your idea. consider private lending. consider vendor financing. enter in small business contests to win startup financing.
save any important work you are doing. open the start menu. select "shut down or sign out". log out of windows 8 now.
add ammonia to your normal wash. mix ammonia with turpentine. apply the solution directly to the stain. dab the stain with an ammonia sponge.
see a doctor who is trained in complementary medicine. talk to an herbalist about herbal supplements if you are taking medications. ask your doctor about the quality of the herbs you are using. consider taking herbal supplements in small amounts. find other ways to reduce or eliminate stress in your life.
realize that the way you live your life is a reflection of who you are as a christian. don't try to impose your own ideas or beliefs on other people. be open to sharing your faith with others. be a good role model for others. remember that everyone has a different point of view and a different way to view the world around them.
work with a vocal coach. breathe properly. warm up before singing. understand your vocal range. maintain an open larynx. avoid raising your laryn x. avoid forcing a low voice. feel for tension in your laryx. pay attention to your pitch. keep your voice in the correct key. practice your singing technique. practice singing in front of a mirror. practice with a partner. sing with a friend or family member. take voice lessons. join a vocal group. consider joining a professional singing group or choir.
create a new document. create a bounding box. draw a circle using the circle tool. , draw a straight line around the circle. rotate the line. copy the line and paste it into the pathfinders window. select all the objects in the pathfinder window and click “divide”. ungroup the triangles. add color to the circle by selecting all or ctrl + a > right click > add color. group all the triangles together to form a circle. , group the triangles into smaller triangles. save the group by selecting it again.
prepare the ingredients needed to make the risotto. prepare the ingredients. bake the ingredients in a baking dish in a preheated oven at 350 degrees fahrenheit (180 degrees celsius) for 15 to 20 minutes or until the cheese is melted. , make the sauce. serve the risotta. finished.
learn the basics of the game. create a team. pick your players. learn the controls. learn how to make shots. learn to pass. play defense. play rebound. stop dunks.
adjust the print speed of your inkjet printer to the optimum quality for your needs. adjust the color and contrast settings on your printer to improve the quality of your images and graphics. adjust your printer's resolution settings to increase or decrease image quality.
decide whether or not to drink alcoholic beverages. learn how much alcohol is in one serving. determine the alcohol content of the beverage. calculate the volume of the drink. estimate the fluid ounces of alcohol in a drink. understand the effect of alcohol on the body of the alcoholic beverage. consider the health risks of alcohol.
visit the hypestat website. , visit the website of the domain you want to get data on. click on the "stats" tab at the top of the page. , browse through the list of available data. review the data.
warm up before you exercise. vary your exercises. use proper form. cool down. stop the exercise if you feel pain. stretch before you finish exercising. increase flexibility. increase range of motion. do pushups. do wall presses. do shoulder lifts. do arm lifts. try yoga. try acupuncture. see a doctor. take over-the-counter medications.
turn on the home button. locate the "settings" button. find the "general" button and press it. locate and press the button in the top tight corner to the right of the general button. change your language settings.
go to the pinterest website. click the "pinterest" tab. click +. click add to board. click pin it. select a pin option. upload a photo or video. click save.
buy a fog machine. take a piece of wood and tape it to the top of the fog machine's nozzle. take the pvc pipe and put it on the ground. get some dry ice. put the dry ice in the pipe. fill the pipe with ice. fill up the tube with more ice. place the tube over the nozzle of the Fog machine. wait for the fog to come in, and enjoy your fog!
do push-ups. do dumbbell raises. do fly lifts. do wall presses. gain weight. eat more estrogen-rich foods. increase your intake of vitamin c. vitamin c is a fat-soluble that can help your body absorb more estrogen. eat foods rich in vitamin d. vitamin d is also known as "the mother of the breasts" because it helps your body produce more estrogen, which in turn makes your breasts bigger.
understand the different families of vegetables. distinguish between heavy and light feeders. plan your garden for crop rotation. adjust your plan as needed.
determine the number of consecutive terms in the arithmetic progression. determine the common difference between the first term and the last term. identify the first and last terms of the progression. find the difference in terms between the last and first term. add the terms together.
determine your audience. determine what your audience is looking for. determine your goals. decide what steps you want to take to help you reach your goal. determine how much time you have to devote to your website. create pages that meet your audience's needs. finished.
pick a sniper class. pick a primary weapon. choose a secondary weapon. pick your killstreaks. choose your perks. , pick a class name. , choose your class. , set your perks and perks. set your difficulty. , select your class's perks and abilities. , click "create class". , choose a name for your class and click create. , start playing. , have fun with it!
register to vote. decide whether you want to vote absentee or in person. keep the dates in mind. mark your ballot and make sure that it is in order.
open adobe indesign. select the shape you want to use as your background. adjust the shape's size. fill in your background shape. choose your color. arrange your background object. finished.
clean your room. light some candles. listen to your favorite music. get comfy in your pajamas and blankets. use a lavender or jasmine.
install a new camshaft. install a turbocharger. consider nitrous kits. install water-injection kits. consider a water- injection kit as well.
think about how much you want to share. tell your teacher you're trying. pick a teacher you feel comfortable around. talk to your teacher before it's too late. find a good time to talk. introduce the topic. explain the problem. be respectful. listen to what your teacher has to say. gain your teacher's sympathy by doing something productive. ask your teacher for help if you need it. ask for extra credit. ask if your teacher can do something to help you.
identify run-on sentences. look at the sentences you’re trying to fix. read the sentences out loud. look for independent clauses, which are independent clauses that are independent of the action. use the list of independent clauses to help you identify when you need to fix run-ons.
reduce your intake of foods that are high in carcinogens. reduce your sugar intake. avoid foods high in acrylamide. eat nuts like almonds and pistachios. eat more garlic. eat cantaloupe and broccoli. add broccoli to your diet. eat blueberries. drink green tea. eat fish. go organic. use neem as a cancer prevention agent. get plenty of exercise. get vaccinated against hpv. be sure to get regular check-ups with your doctor and gynecologist. quit smoking. know the risk factors for lung cancer in the united states.
understand what a binding spell is. find an item that the person will not miss. wrap a long piece of ribbon around the item. toss the item into a stream or river. walk away from the river or creek without looking back.
make sure you have all the supplies listed in the "things you'll need" section of this article. wash your hands thoroughly with soap and water. mix the rit dye with gravel. let the gravel sit in the dye for as long as you want. once the gravel is dry, pour the dye into a bucket or other container. finished.
feed your child a healthy diet. encourage physical activity. make sure your child gets all of her immunizations.
take care of your appearance. style your hair and make up. wear something that makes you stand out. make sure your outfit is clean and in good condition.
identify the hazard. gather evidence. get witness statements. take photographs of your child’s injuries. get medical records. keep track of all medical receipts. meet with a lawyer. identify if you can sue a school. meet your deadlines. file a notice of claim. draft a complaint. file your claim. serve notice on the school. read the school’�s response. participate in discovery. defend against a motion for summary judgment. attempt to settle. go to trial. pick a jury. deliver an opening statement. present your case. testify on your own behalf. cross-examine witnesses. make a closing argument. wait for the verdict. appeal, if necessary. consider any settlement offers. attend trial. collect your judgment.
determine the source of the leak. check each bathroom appliance in turn. look for leaks in the pipes. get a plumber to do a visual inspection of the piping.
exercise regularly. limit your caffeine intake. don't drink alcohol before bed. use earplugs. talk to your family doctor or sleep specialist if you're having trouble getting back to sleep.
drape a dish towel or rubber glove over the lid. twist the lid in a counter-clockwise direction and twist.
learn the names of the timpani instruments. learn the notes on the staff. arrange the drums around you. learn how to hold the mallets. tune the pedal. adjust the pitch of the pedal to the pitch you want to play. place the mallet on the smaller drum and the larger drum on the bigger drum. play the notes in the order that you want them to go on the drum. , play the rest of the drums in the same way, largest to smallest, in a semi circle.
prevent possums from destroying new growth. protect individual fruits and vegetables from possums. create an enclosure for your garden beds. deter possums that are trying to get into your eaves.
check the carburetor and oil compartment. tilt the mower back. remove the old blade. inspect the blades for wear and tear. purchase a new set of blades. install the new blades. tighten the washers and nuts on the blade. mount the new blade. check the alignment of the blade and tighten the bolts. make sure the blade is in the correct position on the lawn mower deck. wait for the oil to return to normal before use.
find a green pipe cleaner and a fork. wrap a length of yarn around the middle of the fork and pipe cleaner. wrap the yarn around your pipe cleaner several times. twist the ends of the pipe cleaner together. tie a piece of green yarn between the prongs on the fork. cut the tassel off, then set the fork aside. tie the yarn to the back of the flower. glue the end of the green yarn into the knot. wrap your green yarn tightly around the bottom of your flower. add more glue if you run out of yarn. snip off the top loops. fluff the flower with your fork. trim the excess yarn, if needed, then trim it down.
find new friends. be a leader. learn how to defend yourself. don’t be a bully or bully.
focus on a low-calorie diet. avoid processed and packaged foods. start with soft protein sources. eat lots of vegetables. eat smaller meals. drink plenty of water. take vitamins and other nutrients as directed. take supplements as directed by your doctor or dietitian.
learn proper wrestling fundamentals. learn proper takedown techniques. learn how to land on the mat. strengthen your neck and shoulder muscles.
chop the onions. bring a large stockpot of water to a boil. place the onions in the boiling water and cook them for several minutes. transfer the onions to a bowl of ice or cold water. drain the onions and place them in freezer bags. finished.
share content that's relevant to your brand. use share buttons. share content related to your business. post content on tuesdays and fridays.
learn about the different types of banks:[topic1] learn about the types of banking that are available to you. learn about investment banking: investment banking is a type of bank that specializes in providing services such as investment planning, money marketing, and lending. know about savings banks: savings banks are the most common type of banks and are usually the ones that offer the most protection against losses. learn more about government guaranteed banks: government guaranteed bank is the most popular type of banking. learn the difference between islamic and non-islamic banks: islam banks are banks that do not charge any fees. learn how to recognize the difference in fees: the fees that are charged by an islam bank can vary depending on the type of the bank you choose to use.
stop worrying about how much sleep you’re getting. take a few deep breaths. visualize yourself falling asleep. distract yourself with something you enjoy. avoid watching scary movies before bed. prepare a child for more restful sleep. talk to a doctor or mental health professional about your fear of sleep. consider talking to a therapist.
clean the entire surface of the bathroom thoroughly. start with the toilet bowl. vacuum the floor. use a towel. keep towels in a bin or stack. use different parts of the house for cleaning. wash clothes and other household items. use dish soap and water to remove the first layer of dirt. work on one area at a time. work with your arm and hand. work in a wide area. use the right implements for the job. choose the right tools for the task. avoid hard scrubbing and gritty cleaning. use hand dishwashing liquid. use water and soap on glass. use mop or floor cleaner on waterproof floors. use other cleaners with care. use mildew and mildew-killing products sparingly. keep the bathroom door closed. clean the shower curtain. remove hair clogs. use an air dryer. keep your house well-ventilated.
gather all of the information that you need to cite. choose a style for your works cited page. format your works cited page. consult your paper syllabus.
pour the water into a saucepan and bring to the boil over medium heat. , add the carrots to the boiling water. remove the carrots from the heat and allow to cool for a few minutes. , purée the carrots. add the remaining cooking liquid to the puréed carrot. serve. finished.
decide where you want to go. get a job. save money. work hard in college.
go to the end of the dungeon and stand on the edge of the rock-covered tile. lift the rock covering the tile. go up the ladder and keep going right until you reach the top of the ladder. go through the swamp of evil. go down the ladder until you see a small rock covered in stakes. go to the ice palace and stand in the middle of the ice room. go back to the swamp and stand at the edge in the swamp. go south to the other side of the bridge and keep climbing until you get to spectacle rock. stand on spectacle rock and hammer in the stakes with the magic hammer. keep going east until you find turtle rock. keep climbing and hammer the stakes in order: right, top, left, and left until you hear a bell.
gather support. set goals for breastfeeding twins. get help with household chores. take care of your body. consider “combined feeding.” you may want to consider a combination of feeding.
get a paper towel roll and a box of tissues. cut out the opening of the box. place the tissue box on a flat surface. cut a hole in the center of the tissuebox. add the rubber bands. decorate the roll. put the roll in your guitar box.
don’t be condescending. avoid bringing others into the conversation. refrain from insults. listen to your partner’s point of view. remember why you are together in the first place.
prepare for the race. warm up before the start of the race by riding around the track for a few minutes before the race starts. avoid making mistakes. keep a good speed. don't let anything cause you to bail or wreck.
summarize the overview. format the report. back up the summary with specifics. make the report look professional. keep a log of your accomplishments. provide a benchmark. use visual aids. use the mn.a.c. use mn in your accomplishment report. explain the methodology. describe the results. explain how you achieved the goal. explain why the accomplishment was a success. provide examples of what you will do next time.
rent or buy a paint gun and hopper. mix your drywall compound. attach the hopper to the paint gun. test the texture on a piece of cardboard. apply the texture to your ceiling. let the paint dry. use a knock-down blade. wait for the paint to dry.
substitute 25% of your wheat flour for chickpea flour. make vegan, gluten-free chocolate chip cookies. bake vegan, wheat-free blondies with chickpeas.
decide what size pen or pencil you want to make the pocket out of. choose two colors of duct tape. cut a strip of tape that is twice as wide as the width of the liner color. cut another piece of tape the same width as the cover color. fold the two strips of tape in half lengthwise to make a strap. fold one of the strips in half, lengthwise, to form the bottom flap. decide how high you want the pocket to be. cut the top flap of the pocket. fold and tape the bottom of the flap in half. cut out the pocket flap. cut slits in the duct tape to receive the end of the pen flap. line the tab with duct tape and place the pen inside the flap.
take a warm bath or sitz bath. apply a cold compress. apply aloe vera gel or anti-itch lotion. apply witch hazel to the hemorrhoid. increase your fiber intake. eat smaller meals throughout the day. stay hydrated. exercise regularly. sit on a cushion. pass your stools regularly. use a bulkative laxative. take an over-the-counter (otc) pain reliever.
open windows movie maker. drag the video onto the timeline. split the video, if necessary. open the video effects menu. apply the speed-up, double effect. undo the effect, if needed. finished.
read and understand the essay prompt. know how much time you have to write the essay. calculate the time it will take you to write your essay. keep in mind the time ratio for each step of the essay process. keep track of how long your essay will be. make sure you know where you're going when you start writing. try to write each paragraph before the next paragraph in the order you want it to be written. keep an eye on the clock. proofread your essay before you submit it to the teacher or the proctor. check the length of your essay to make sure it's not too long or too short. check for spelling and grammar errors. , make sure that your essay is well organized. , check your sources. make certain that the reader can understand what you're trying to teach them. give the essay to the right person. finished.
make sure the enclosure mimics their natural habitat. add plants. add logs, sticks, and rocks for shade.
study the mechanics of speech and the phonetics of articulation: the study of speech is best presented in terms of how each sound is made and how it is represented in the mouth, tongue, tongue and tongue, etc. practice the following exercises: imagine or evoke a phrase and then say it out loud, all the time concentrating on the sensation of each component of the phrase. practice these exercises in reverse order: imagine the sensations of each of the components in order, then say them out loud. alternate between these two types of exercises: practice the physical representation of speech with a primary task and a secondary task designed to create interference in the brain.
look for nicknames based on your name. consider nicknames that are similar to your own name. choose a nickname based on something you do well. look for a nickname that relates to your personality. think about places you grew up. look at nicknames related to your ancestral culture.
tie the thread onto the hook. slip stitch over the edge of the hoop. single crochet around the earring. continue single crocheting. chain three, skip one, and single crochet. fasten off the thread. repeat.
open venmo. tap the venmo app. tap ☰. tap settings. tap account. , tap sign in. , enter your username and password. ,tap log in.tap add account. tap add bank. , type your bank’s name into the “search for” box. tap your bank. enter your login information. tap next. , answer any security questions. select an account to add. tap continue. tap a payment plan option. scroll down and select a payment method. tap ok to save your changes.
play board games. play video games. have a game of sports. play truth or dare. watch a movie or have a movie marathon. jump on a trampoline or swimming pool. walk or bike around the neighborhood.
open the folder options menu. select the “show hidden files and folders” option. show hidden files in your folders.
consider your child's specific needs. contact the airport ahead of time. provide your child with information about the security process. give your child books and movies about airport security. explain to your child how security works. bring snacks and comfort objects. bring books and entertainment for your child. bring items to help with noise-canceling. encourage stims.
lift the tortoise up high enough to see underneath it. examine the shape of the plastron. feel the underside of the shell. look at the indent under the tail. return the tortoise to its usual environment quickly. note the color of the shells. look closely at the carapace, if possible.
take a picture. upload the image to your computer. open your web browser. go to your google site. open the "edit" menu. click on the "insert" tab. click the "image" button. select the image you want to add. add an image from a web address. create a break in the image. click "insert image.", click "upload image.", edit your image. add a border to your image, if desired. edit the image in "edit mode.", choose the size of the image (optional). save your changes. go back to the "save as" menu and click on "import image.", go to the google site and view your uploaded image.
clean your room. make a list of all the things you need to do. make your bed. wash your sheets. fold your clothes. put away your dirty clothes. pick up all of the things on the floor. clean the windows. clear up the clutter. throw away the trash. vacuum the floor with a broom. check under the bed. clean your closet. check your diary. add to this article. now you're done! finished!
read your lease agreement. identify when you can end the contract. check if the contract has a cancellation provision. meet with a lawyer. identify the other side’s obligations. gather evidence of the breach. draft a breach of contract notice letter. format the notice. explain why you are ending the lease. explain how you will pay the termination fee. conclude the letter. send the notice to the tenant or facility owner. file the notice with the court. serve notice on the other party. file a complaint. serve a copy of the complaint on the tenant. read the tenant's response. participate in discovery. defend against a motion for summary judgment. go to trial.
go to the start menu and select control panel. , click burn files to disc. select a disc format. drag the files into the disc folder. click the next button to finish formatting the disc. click ok.
work on it when you wake up. work on a different section. take a break. get some fresh air. try freewriting or drawing. keep working. talk to yourself.
acknowledge your feelings. talk to someone you trust. distract yourself. stay positive. read some motivational books. consider talking to a therapist. remember to breathe. exercise. meditate. spend time with your friends and family. make a game plan for the future. keep a positive attitude. keep your resume up-to-date. write a solid cover letter. write an effective resume. make sure you have all of the information you need to apply for the job. prepare for the interview. follow through with your interview.
think about whether or not your best friend is making you "third wheel.", if you do decide that you are third wheel, don't feel left out!, if you feel like you are being left out of the conversation, and you don't want to feel that way, try not to talk about it as much. , if you are in a relationship, and your friend has a new boyfriend/girlfriend, try to hang out with them a lot more often. if your friend starts dating other people, try hanging out with a guy/girl of your opposite sex. don't be afraid of being "forever alone.", don't try to be a "player.", try to make new friends!, don't worry about being "the third wheel" all the time, just remember that you have a best friend, and, if you want to be the best friend you can be, you need to have a boyfriend/ girlfriend too!, and, most importantly, you have to remember that being third wheel is not the worst thing that can happen to you in the long run!, have fun!
wash your hair every other day. wash your hair less often. rinse your hair with cool water. deep condition your hair regularly. apply a gloss treatment. use the right brush. flat iron your hair. finish with the right finishing product. protect your hair from the elements. avoid excessive sun exposure. use a deep conditioner or moisturizing hair mask. avoid heat styling your hair too often. use heat protectant when you go swimming. apply styling products sparingly.
choose a domain name for your email address. decide whether you want to use a free or paid domain name. choose between paid and free hosting. choose a hosting package. purchase a web hosting account. navigate to the control panel of your web host's website. create an email account. determine how much space you have available for email. determine what type of mail protocol you want your email server to use. determine if you want a pop-up or imap address. set up your email client. create your account. enter your username and password. create a password. enter the appropriate information for your domain name into the appropriate fields. fill out the rest of the form. submit your form. wait for your information to be processed and registered. finished.
obtain a bottle of goat's milk. determine the age and size of the fawn. fill the bottle with milk. put a small amount of the milk into the nipple of the bottle. make sure the bottle is not too hot or too cold. hold the bottle of milk in your hand and let it cool a little bit. feed the deer the milk in the bottle, making sure to keep it warm enough for the deer to drink it quickly but not hot enough to make it uncomfortable to hold. repeat the feeding process twice a day. place the deer on its back in a standing position when feeding it. finished.
read the bios of other adr professionals. make a copy of your cv or resume. pick a specialty. identify any gaps in your experience. join a professional organization. proof your bio. create social media profiles. write articles about adr. give speeches on adr topics. collaborate with other professionals. get involved in a court program. complete an application to join a wet service program. get a job as a mediator or arbitrator. become an attorney.
open adobe premiere. click the "file" menu and select "open with" → "video". , choose where you want your video to be saved. click on the "video" tab. import your video. drag and drop your video onto the "new item" icon. make a sequence. start editing.
don’t look at other students. avoid sitting with your friends. doodle or take notes. think about something unpleasant. hold it in. go to the bathroom.
take a deep breath and stay calm. introduce yourself. start with small talk. reach out to people you already know. make plans to spend time with acquaintances. ask questions and ask questions.
clean your smoke detector every two weeks. check for insects. keep alarms on separate electrical currents. tighten loose electrical connections. keep your smoke alarm away from furnaces and ovens. avoid cold air returns. avoid high humidity areas. do not place smoke detectors in areas exposed to exhaust gasses or open flames. replace batteries regularly. test the smoke detector to ensure proper function. get a new smoke detector if necessary.
go to https://www.facebook.com in a web browser. , sign in to your facebook account. click your profile icon. click on a post you wish to share. click the "share" icon. done.
get some wrigley's gum. decide what kind of gum you want to sell. set a reasonable price for your gum. sell your gum the night before school. bring your gum to a different area of the school. store your money and your stock in a safe place.
stretch out your shoulders and neck. twist in your seat. stretch out your ankles and wrists. finished.
know your play style. know your guns characteristics. create a class. m249 saw. m60e4 (rpd). m60 e4 (point blank). m70e4 sniping. lmg sniping (hardcore). lmg running and gunning ( hardcore).
make a gem ring. repurpose an old ring. find a suitable item. embellish the ring. make a ring from craft items.
revive a popular nickname. create a nickname based on what you’re from or what you do. make a nickname from someone’s name, their maiden name, or their middle name. give yourself a stage name.
use a metal pin to sharpen your scissors. hold the metal pin between the blades of the scissors. let the pin do the sharpening work for you. wipe down the blades.
buy a few items before buying condoms. go to a convenience store or gas station. throw away your receipt. buy the condoms with cash. use self-checkout. buy condoms in bulk. visit an adult store. order condoms online. pay with a credit card or debit card. visit a clinic or health department that offers free condoms. , call or visit the clinic and ask for condoms.
be a good role model for your child. be responsible for your own financial well-being. work hard in your career. think about what you want out of your career: do you want to be a stay-at-home dad or a stay at work?
gather your information. compose a new message. enter the recipient's phone number. enter your message. send the message.
wash and moisturize your face. apply primer. apply eyeshadow primer. coat your lids with eyeshadows. apply foundation and concealer. set your base with setting powder. apply eyeliner. create a cat eye. add a wing to your eye. apply mascara to your lashes. contour and highlight your cheeks. fill in your eyebrows. define your brows. apply lipstick and lip gloss.
decide what you want to achieve by losing weight. take your measurements. take a picture of your goal weight. keep a log of your progress. eat a balanced diet. eat plenty of fruits and vegetables. eat lean protein. drink plenty of water. exercise on a regular basis. join a gym. make simple changes to your daily routine. do strength training. do plyometric exercise. keep track of your caloric intake. find a friend or family member to exercise with you. join an exercise class with a friend, family member, or partner.
follow your orthodontist's instructions. learn the parts of braces. use vertical elastics. use cross elastics for an overbite. use class 2 and 3 elastics to correct an underbite. try front box elastics if you have an open bite. understand why rubber bands are necessary. take pictures of your rubber bands. change your rubber band every three hours. replace rubber bands after 24 hours. avoid wearing rubber bands for long periods of time. clean your mouth with mouthwash. brush your teeth properly. floss your teeth regularly. visit your dentist regularly. finished.
preheat the oven to 350°f (177°c). , make the whipped cream. add the ice cream and vanilla extract to a blender. pour in the milk, vanilla extract, and chocolate chips. mix in the red and blue food coloring. pour the white disco dust into a small bowl. add a little red, blue, and white food coloring to the mixture. spread the mixture evenly over the ice ice cream. bake for about 10 minutes. , let the icecream cool. serve. finished.
write the equation of your parabola as y = ax^2 + bx + c. find the x of your vertex. solve for y.
ddetermine if you are eligible to buy a gun in nevada. determine if you meet the minimum eligibility requirements to purchase a gun. locate a gun dealership that participates in the point of sale (pos) program. visit the gun dealership to purchase the gun you want to buy. complete the required background check form. wait for the dealer to conduct the background check. wait 24 hours to receive your gun after passing the gun check. finished.
check to see if you can insert a memory card into your phone. insert the memory card you wish to import into the phone's memory card reader. , insert the micro memory card that came with your phone into the reader and close it. , close your phone and turn it off. , get an adapter. connect the adapter to your computer. import the photos you want to save to memory card.
think of instagram as an art gallery. post high-quality photos. post pictures of unusual things. post photos of your pets. post food photos. arrange similar images.
play with blocks. allow them to play alone. encourage them to pretend play. take them outside. play with other children their age. provide them with other toys. read stories to them. use everyday items to create something new. expose them to new experiences. limit the amount of time they watch tv or listen to music. be patient.
make a green plate. serve an all yellow meal. serve a purple plate. make a red plate. consider serving a meal that is nutritionally balanced. make it a whole meal color theme.
open photoshop and create a new image (ctrl+shift+ctrl+n). go to filter-->render-->clouds. make a new layer (shift+ctrl+n) and make a selection of 20 pixels (select-->select... 20). select the white circle (layer 1) and use the paint bucket tool (press "k") to fill it with black. select the black circle ( layer 2) and move it to the top of the layers palette. go back to layer 1, and use ctrl+e to select the layer you just made. select layer 2 again, and make another selection of that layer. use the move tool ("v") to change the size of the circle to fit the metal part of the bullet hole. , fill the hole with black (layer 2). make a second selection of layer 1. make another new layer, and move the layer below layer 1 to the bottom of the palette. , make a third selection of the layer. blur the shadow. adjust the blur and opacity of the shadow (optional). finished.
use reusable bags. bring your own coffee, tea, water, juice, juice and energy drinks to work. drink water at home. turn off the water faucet when you don’t need it. turn your toilet off when you’re not using it. , turn off your air conditioner when you are not in the bathroom. , wash your clothes at least once a day. , buy only eco-friendly products. buy only what you can afford to buy. make a list of things that you can do to help the earth. remember that it takes time to get into the habit of being an eco-conscious person. remember to take it one step at a time and work your way up.
gather your supplies. sterilize the jars. prepare the food. place the lid on the jar. attach the attachment. turn on the machine. remove the hose from the sealing attachment.
prepare for the conversation with your partner. tell your children together. keep the conversation short and sweet. reassure your children that the break up is not their fault. answer your children’s questions honestly. be prepared for your children to have an emotional reaction. listen to your children and be a good listener. create a plan for the future. discuss your expectations with your children. seek professional help if necessary.
acknowledge your fears. keep a journal. consider therapy. take steps to ensure your safety. take a break from worrying.
choose a material for your lining. choose a fabric that matches your skirt. decide if you want to line the skirt inside out or inside out. measure the length and width of the skirt. measure and mark the lining material. cut the skirt pattern. cut out the lining fabric. pin the lining to the inside out skirt. sew the two pieces of lining together with a basting stitch. stitch the lining and facing together. hem the lining with a whip stitch. finish the hem by knotting the thread and anchoring it on the back side.
use your finger to get your fish's attention. shake your finger and tap the glass. move your finger back and forth across the tank. reward your fish for following your finger.
don’t get drawn into a fight. run away. assume a defensive stance. avoid blocking or blocking. dodge punches with your head. resist the urge to take the fight to the ground. keep your distance when grappling. be prepared to take some punches. keep moving. stay out of his reach. find a way to neutralize your opponent’s reach. focus on your own strengths. use your speed and agility to your advantage. learn from your mistakes and successes.
be friendly and outgoing. make friends with everyone. make a campaign. make posters. be original. make sure your ideas are realistic. prepare your speech. if you're really going to do it, make sure you have a good reason for doing it. get lots of attention. if possible, run for student council or student council.
give your ferret chase toys. walk around the house with the ferret. allow your ferrets to jump on you. allow other pets to chase each other. give your fer ret items that roll when you give them to the ferrets.
go to google.com and click on "maps" in the top left hand corner of the screen. click on the "add a listing" button. log in to google places with your google account. enter your business information. select the type of listing that you want to create. fill out the rest of the information on the next page. verify your listing by phone or postcard. wait for the verification code to arrive in the textbox that you are presented with.
spray the entire room with a mild soap scum remover spray. let the spray sit for 10-15 minutes. use a broom to scrub the scum away. rinse walls and tub with warm water. rinse the tub with clean water. use the broom to clean grout and crevices. rinse with fresh water. repeat steps 1-3 several times. finished.
find a title insurance company. pay for the title report. identify problems with the title. buy title insurance. contact the lienholder. come to an agreement about the debt. get a satisfaction or release. pay off the debt before closing. conduct a survey of the property. identify the dispute. hire a surveyor. file a complaint with the court. hire an attorney. file the complaint. serve notice of the lawsuit on the other party. attend the hearing. receive the judgment. pay the judgment judgment. file an appeal, if necessary. complete a settlement agreement. get the judgment in writing. close the sale.
draw a picture on a piece of paper with a pencil. cut out your picture and cut it out using a pair of sharp scissors. , hammer the seeds onto the wood using a hammer. glue the seeds to the wood. allow the glue to dry for 24 hours, or until it is completely dry. let the wood dry completely before using it.
disassemble your coffee maker. wash the removable parts. wipe down the outside of the machine. put the coffee maker back together.
get a wig. get a sewing machine. get two pairs of leggings in the same color scheme. sew the top and bottom of the shirt together. sew on the sleeves. get gloves. get some matching shoes. wear a pair of sunglasses. make sure your hair and makeup match up with the rest of your outfit and you're done!
be prepared for nausea and vomiting. be aware of cardiovascular side effects. be prepared for physical side effects of hemodialysis. be ready for sleep problems. check for anemia. watch for changes in mood. know that you are at risk for amyloidosis if you are on dialysis.
open instagram. tap log in. type in your instagram username. tap sign in. tap the first letter of your email address. tap continue. tap reset password. open your email account's email account. open the password reset email. tap next. enter your new password. tap save changes.
look for areas of the circuit with parallel branches. find the total resistance of a parallel section. replace each parallel section with a single resistance. simplify the circuit. calculate resistance using ohm's law if necessary.
determine if automatic reloads are available to you. set up an automatic reload option. transfer funds onto the gift card. receive an email or text message.
decide what you want in a crib. go to a store that sells cribs. decide if you want to have the option to convert the crib into a toddler bed. once you have decided on a brand and a price range, go ahead and look at the cribs in the store to see if you like the look of it. if you do like the quality of the crib, buy it. make sure you like it, and make sure it's in good condition. enjoy your new baby's crib!
use a good facial cleanser twice a day. use a good acne treatment. keep your eyebrows trimmed. moisturize your skin. drink plenty of water. avoid touching your face. take care of your lips. protect your face from the sun. finished.
cut the pineapple into small chunks. place the pineapple chunks in a blender. add some sugar or honey. add the ice. add water. put the lid on the blender and blend until smooth. consider straining your juice (optional). pour your juice into a tall glass and garnish with pineapple wedges. serve with a straw or use a straw if you prefer. , finished.
visit triptogether.com. visit the lonelyplanet forums. go to thelmaandloise.com site. visit meetup.
invest in a fitness tracker. try a heart rate monitor. get a medical professional to check your heart rate for accuracy.
look at the development of your breasts. look at the growth of your pubic area. check for discharge in your panties. notice a growth spurt. watch for premenstrual symptoms. look for physical symptoms. watch out for emotional changes. look out for acne. pay attention to cramps. consider your age. don't worry if you get your period later or later than your friends. know that all girls get their periods at different ages and at different times.
determine the width of your bicycle wheel. measure the diameter of the wheel. determine the tread size of the tire. determine how many millimeters the tire is in diameter. divide the tread width by the diameter to determine the tire's width.
ask a trusted family member to talk to your loved one. work with them to find a good provider. go to the doctor with them. recognize that you can’t force.
get the hair. get the clothes. accessorize!, get the accessories. get a coon tail. learn the music. the mysterious scene girl: the mysterious girl is a bit more mysterious. the outgoing scene girl is more outgoing. the laid back scene: more laid back. the adorable scene girl. don't get upset if people call you a poser, it's not a big deal. if you get called out, don't care.
take a shower. do yoga. dance to upbeat music. go for a walk. give yourself a massage to reduce stress.
talk to your prescriber before you become pregnant. discuss your options with your psychiatrist. research the potential risks and effects of medication during pregnancy. talk to your obstetrician about monitoring your baby’s health.
go to hyderabad. try to eat as much as you can. try frontier cuisine. ask for your food to be made blander or sweeter if you are not used to it.
wash bottles in the washing machine. use the microwave to clean the bottle parts. sterilize bottles by soaking them in a container of cold water and soap.
gather your materials. set up a work area where you can work safely. find a piece of plywood or cardboard to use as a base. draw the shape of your terrain on the board. cut out the shape. cover the rough edges of the base with painter’s tape. paint or glue the terrain base with acrylic paint.
prepare your ingredients. fry the asafoetida in oil. add the ingredients to a food processor. let the ingredients cool down. grind the ingredients. finished.
teach your child the purpose of 911. explain what services 911 can provide. explain who the dispatcher is. explain the situations in which it's appropriate to call 911. tell the child the situations when it's not appropriate to make a 911 call. tell your child to never call 911 out of boredom. explain that 911 should be called from a safe location. teach your child about possible emergencies. teach the child to know their own information. explain to your child how to respond to the dispatcher. explain how to answer the dispatcher's questions. help your child recognize the signs of an incoming emergency. help the child call 911 if they are in a car accident. teach them how to call for help if they're in a fire or an accident.
determine if the equation is exact. evaluate the partial derivatives. integrate q{\displaystyle q} with respect to x{\display style x}. evaluate the derivative of q{\ displaystyle q}. check for equality. check for absoluteity. find the integral constant of integration r(y){\displaystyler(y)}. check that the derivative is complete. check the integral constants. check to see if the expression is an exact differential equation.
place the picture on the hanging device. hold the picture in place with one hand and let go of the other. place the picture onto the level. adjust the picture so that the bubble measure is in the center.
pierce the egg with a pin or an egg-pricker. pierce the hole with a nail. choose a tool to blow out the egg. blow the egg out using the syringe or needle. clean the area around the egg thoroughly. remove the yolk from the egg and discard it. clean up the hole. blow out your egg. store the egg in an airtight container in a cool, dry place. dispose of the egg properly. enjoy your clean egg.
use a clean shaver. make sure your hair is clean and dry. hold the shaver at a 45-degree angle to your leg. use a gentle touch to shave the hair at an angle. finished.
download and install xcode. download and install a text editor. download a vector graphics program. learn the objective-c programming language. consider hiring a freelancer. sign up for an apple developer account. use apple's development resources. create a basic design document. sketch your app. create an outline of your app's functionality. write your code. test your app on a variety of different screens. test the app on different devices. make sure that your app is compatible with the iphone. create your app using the latest version of ios 8. create the app using ios 10.1 or later. use the latest ios features. add features to make your app more attractive. publish your app to the app store or app store.
wash the area with soap and warm water. pull the edge of the latex off with your fingers or a washcloth. wash the affected area with warm, soapy water. rinse the area gently with warm water and a soft towel. shave your body hair. moisturize your skin. apply lotion to your skin before applying latex. use olive oil, almond oil, or another oil to protect sensitive areas from the latex if you want to.
cut a piece of cardboard in half. cut off the top of the cardboard. cut a small hole in the middle of the box. fill the box with food. finished.
go outside and walk around. draw what you see. draw animals. draw people. draw landscapes. draw your favorite food. draw video games. look at famous paintings. draw on graph paper. read a poem or story. draw a scene from your favorite movie. draw something from a book. , draw what's on your mind. , make a drawing of what you're wearing, i.e: a shirt, a jacket, a hat, shoes, a belt, etc. , sketch what you find in your pocket. draw things you find on the go. make up your own fantasy characters. draw random designs. make a collage or collage with a friend or family member. , go to the library and look at magazines, books, magazines, and anything else you can find to draw on the internet.
understand why you want to double clutch downshift. start in a low-speed, neutral gear. push in the clutch and shift into a lower gear. hit the accelerator until you're traveling at roughly 25 mph (40 kmph) with the transmission in neutral. press down on the clutch again to shift back to a higher gear. practice your technique.
contact a local foster care agency. know what makes a good foster parent. understand what you don't need. complete a pre-service training class. complete the pre-screening process. meet with your caseworker. complete your home study. wait for a placement. follow through with your home inspection and safety plans. don't be afraid to return the child to their birth family. be a good role model. get involved in your community's foster parent association. volunteer your time. be prepared for the long haul. take care of yourself.
bend the wire into a hook. glue the hook to the back of the plate. cover the wire with duct tape. bend the indentation back. hammer a nail into the wall. hang the plate on the nail and check the bond.
choose a mild cleanser. use a soft cloth. clean your wood with a soft pad. wipe down your petrified wood.
visualize the color red. try dance or yoga. go for a walk. pamper your feet. use water to heal the second chakra. get active. touch others. try sound therapy. visualize your sixth chakra to heal it. try intense meditation. get a full body massage. invest in chakra stones. talk to a professional healer. take care of other chakras as well. get regular check-ups with your doctor.
decide on a product or service you want to advertise. find a qualified advertising agency that specializes in bus advertising. decide on the type of bus advertising campaign you want.there are several different types of bus ads that can be placed on buses. decide which bus lines to use for your campaign.the most successful bus advertising campaigns utilize routes that are well-traveled and well-populated.
go to the baggage claim area. go through the turnstiles. go to the immigration desks. find the right conveyor belt. make sure your luggage is on the right belt. open your luggage for inspection by a customs officer. check your luggage to make sure it's free of prohibited items. leave the airport and depart.
boil the potatoes. add the oats or wheat bran and let stand for 10 minutes. cook the meat in a frying pan over medium heat until it’s no longer pink on one side. remove the meat from the heat and break it up into small pieces with a spatula. pour the cooked meat into a large bowl and add the rest of the ingredients. cover the bowl and refrigerate. sprinkle the dog food with vitamin c and sprinkle with salt and pepper before serving.
wash the cloths with soap and water. , put a little bit of baking soda in a small bowl. wash the washcloths. rinse the wash cloths. dry them off with a towel. finished.
gather the necessary information. access the ohio department of health’s website for birth certificate requests. fill out your application. pay the relevant fees. note any information relevant to your request and note the confirmation number. wait for your birth certificate copy.
open your vehicle’s doors. open the menu. select vehicle. select door keypad code. enter in your factory key code. create a new code.
lie on your back on the ground with your feet shoulder width apart. hold the kettlebell in your dominant hand. roll onto your side. bend your knee. lift your body off the ground. push off with your arm. push up with your leg. pull your leg back with your other hand. push your leg forward with your opposite hand. bring your leg up to your chest. lunge forward. stand up. take a few steps backwards. lie on your side and repeat the process on the other side. finished.
keep an alcohol journal. stay away from people who drove you to drink. accept your urges. process stress in other ways. distract yourself when you’re tempted. find new ways to spend your time. get in shape. learn about the effects of alcohol on the brain. see a therapist.
ask your mom or older sister for help picking out a bra. focus on eating healthy. exercise regularly. deal with your hair growth. treat acne. take care of your body during your period. don’t be afraid to ask for help. talk to people you trust. get help from a trusted adult if you’re uncomfortable. get plenty of sleep. avoid drugs and alcohol. get enough sleep. maintain a healthy diet. maintain good hygiene. avoid smoking and drinking alcohol. consider seeing a doctor.
identify the part of your body that is hurting the most. notice that your body tenses up. ignore the pain. pretend that the pain is gone. say "i'm resting for now.", focus on what is going on in your body and not what you're trying to fix. find what works for you. rest the hurting part of yourself. understand that rest does matter and that it should be treated with respect and respect.
open the phone app. , tap the assistivetouch button. initiate or receive a call. tap and hold the call volume button. release the button when you're done.
decide what kind of santa helper you want to be. figure out what job you want. think about what you will do on christmas eve before the kids go to bed. get the kids to bed at a reasonable time. make sure the kids know what to expect when it comes to putting them to bed and what to do if santa doesn't come. don't leave the kids up too late.
put your motorcycle in neutral. press down on the shift lever. lift up on the shifter. start the bike. compress the clutch lever. release the clutch. put your feet on the foot rests. rotate your wrist backward on the handle.
understand the disorder. give him space. don't judge him. be prepared for spontaneity. be patient with him. remember, he's a guy. remember yourself. respect your partner.
learn about endoscopic thoracic sympathectomy. understand the risks of ets. ask about ets if necessary.
determine if the battery is warm or cold. feel the battery case to see if it is swollen or hard. feel for a hard spot.
consider whether the person chooses to continue suffering rather than fix the problem. ask yourself if the person stays with the person causing them pain because they think they can change him or her ways. consider whether the individual has a role model. listen to how the person talks about her or his sacrifices. listen for the person’s complaints about how he or she is not appreciated. listen closely to what the person says about his or her motivations for suffering. notice if the individual is unwilling to accept help. consider how people express their love.
make mashed pinto beans. make pinto bean stew. make a bean salad. use the beans as a side dish. add them to stew.
exercise at least 30 minutes a day for at least 2 1/2 hours. add in strength training and resistance training.
translate guests' names into hawaiian and print them onto place cards.
don’t take him for granted. be an active listener. ask questions. use “i” statements. avoid giving advice. be a good listener. be affectionate. make him feel good about himself. make sure he knows how much he means to you. be honest with each other. communicate your needs and needs. be patient. take care of your own needs. communicate effectively.
choose a type of squash. select your spices. choose your oil. consider adding meat. wash your squash. cut your squash into cubes. heat butter or olive oil in a skillet. add meat or onions. add the squash to the pan. cook the squash until it's crisp and tender. stir the squash as it cooks. season the squash with salt and pepper. serve the squash while it's still hot. finished.
create a budget. pay off your debts. stop using your credit cards. apply for a secured credit card. refinance your loans, if you can. contact your lenders immediately if you lose your job or lose your home. get a balance of different types of credit. get credit advice.
know the different types of road bikes. know how to find the right frame size. measure your inseam. stand up straight. note the length of the top tube and head tube. make sure you can stand with both feet on the ground. find out what you like about your "reach.", note the lengths of the head tube, top tube, and top tube. consider the geometry of the handlebars. check out the brakes. look at the front wheel. check the seat height. check your front tire pressure. try out the pedals. try the bike out on a flat surface. try it on for size.
choose the right dremel for your needs. read the owner's manual. wear the proper safety gear. insert a bit. choose a bit attachment. practice using the dremal. clean your dremels regularly. make small, straight cuts. check the material you're working with. use the correct speed for the material. polish the edges of the object you're cutting. sand the edge of the material with a sanding bit. clean the tool after each use. replace broken bits. clean and replace the mandrel when you're finished.
wear a ponytail. put your hair in a bun. try a french braid. try dutch braids. go for a side pony. wear a high ponytail with a side part. wear your hair up in a high bun. do a half-up or half-down style. finished.
choose your yarn. choose your needles. cast on your stitches. knit the first row. knit a second row. continue to knit a third row, and then a fourth row, until you have the desired number of stitches for the foot of the sock. knit back and forth across the front of the heel. knit all the way around to the back of the foot. knit until the heel is the same length as the foot, then purl and knit the heel stitch. knit and purl until you reach the end of the row, then knit the next two stitches to the next stitch. continue knitting the heel until the sock is the length you'd like it to be. cast off the last stitch of the main part of the stitch, and knit a new stitch in the same way as the last one. knit around the ankle to the ankle, and join the two stitches together. fasten off the yarn. finished.
decide what you will use the container for. determine your price range. choose a used container. determine the size of the container. find a dealer. visit your local port. buy from a warehouse. search online. look for a seller on ebay. request photos. see the container in person. inspect the doors. check the locking gear. go inside the container and inspect the roof. compare prices. negotiate the price. ask the seller for a written or oral report. ask for the seller’s shipping information. ask about shipping costs. negotiate with the seller. make a purchase.
create a new java project. go to java.org and click on the topics tab. , under the project tab, click new project. , in the new java window, click on projects. , click the projects tab. open the source packages and libraries tab. select the project you want to work on. create a java class. name your class. give your instance variables a name. create the instance variables. set the parameters. create an object in the constructor. create mutator method. create getarea. create halfperim. create area. create return statement. create string tostring. create main class. create tester class. import javane.java. test the code. run the test class. click the "run" button at the top of the window. , select the swing tab. click start. , type the following code. save the file. , run the program. , check the results. save your project.
open your ipad's browser. search for the pdf you want to read. tap on the pdf. save your pdf in ibooks or open.
open your investment report. look for the quarterly or annual return report. find the percentage figure. calculate the annualized return. use the formula for annualizing a three-month return.
set up a work space for painting. protect your furniture. prepare the work space. dress your child in paint friendly clothing. choose paint that is safe for children. choose a piece of paper or canvas. provide mixing tools. provide a base color. show your child how to use a paint brush. demonstrate how to apply paint with a paintbrush. provide your child with a mixing palette. allow your child to mix the paint. let your child paint her own designs. provide plenty of opportunities for your child. encourage your child’s creativity. help your child clean up after the painting project.
choose a coffee cup that has a rough bottom. gather all of the tools and materials needed to sharpen the knife. place the coffee cup on a flat surface. hold the knife in one hand and hold coffee cup in the other. hold knife in your other hand and place the bottom of the cup on the blade of the blade. rotate the knife from side to side in a circular motion, pressing down on the cup until the blade edge is sharpened. repeat the process on the other side. finished.
preheat the deep fryer to 350ºf/180ºc. in a large bowl, combine the flour, salt, pepper, eggs, egg yolks, salt and pepper. , add the eggs to the mixing bowl. pour the batter into a bowl. , batter the eggs. dip the battered egg into the batter. heat the oil in the frying pan. remove from the heat once the oil is ready. serve. finished.
sit in a comfortable position with your back straight. put your hands on your knees. move your feet like going. relax your body. say the mantra “a-mi-ta-bha.” think in your mind, “i am a buddha of wisdom. pray to god amitabha and ask him to guide you to a life in the light. ask yourself, "what is the happiness in my life?” what is the fullness in your life?, visualize yourself as the buddhist of light. speak the mantra, "i go the way of light.", visualize yourself in a state of calm. repeat the mantra "amitabh" ten times to get inner happiness and wisdom.
consider investing in an exchange traded funds (etf). look at the volume of shares in the fund. look at how the fund is trading on a day-to-day.
find the correct court. search online for court records. visit the courthouse. search pacer. contact the correct federal district court. check if the case was dismissed or if it was thrown out.
pour the buttermilk into a clean glass jar. add the starter to the jar. place the lid on the jar and firmly tighten it. , wait until the starter has fermented. check the date of the starter after 24 hours. check to see if the starter thickens. remove the lid from the jar when it has thickened. store in a cool, dark place.
use this method if you don't need to be exact. roll the paper into a cylinder. fold the paper in half diagonally. fold each side of the cylinder into thirds. press down on the edges of the paper to get smooth, clean creases. finished.
determine the scope of the project. determine your budget. get an estimate. choose a contractor. research the contractor. ask about licensing and insurance. have the contractor inspect your remodel. watch out for red flags. review the estimate. compare the estimates. make sure the contract is clear.
determine whether you have psychic abilities. determine your level of psychic ability. read accounts of psychic mediums.
purchase a hula hoop. cover the hula hoops with duct tape and paint it the color of your choice. purchase new lights for your chandelier. purchase three poles that are the same length as the hulas hoop. attach the three poles to the top of the chandeliers frame with a piece of duct tape. , attach the lights to the poles with a string or string. hang your changelier from the hulas hoop and enjoy your new masterpiece!
create a new instagram account. participate in the instagram community. like and comment on other people's photos. interact with your own followers. connect your instagram and facebook accounts. write a compelling bio. use hashtags in your photos. add hashtags to your images. create your own hashtags. tag your photos with the hashtag sehunthe. avoid geotagging your location in photos. avoid using geotags on your own photos. be careful when tagging your photos on other accounts. avoid posting photos that are spammy.
take some deep breaths. identify the problem. talk to your friends. ask your teacher for a break. take a break from family. do something you enjoy at home. tell your parents about your bad day. plan for the next day. get a good night’s sleep. eat a healthy breakfast. get plenty of exercise. avoid alcohol and drugs. get enough sleep. exercise regularly.
measure the space where you will keep your stackable washer and dryer. choose a model that is the right size for your space. make sure you can reach the dryer and the washer. decide if you want a front-loading or back-loading washing machine. consider a model with a moisture sensor. look for an energy star rating. decide how many loads you want to do in a day. find a store or online store that sells stackable washing and dryers. ask about the warranty. read online reviews and buy a model from a well-known brand.
remove excess blood with a cloth or paper towel. make a saltwater solution. spray the affected area with the solution. blot the area with a clean, white cloth. rinse with cold water. dry the area.
play chuseok wrestling. go to a korean folk dance called "sangdae". go to "soo geobuk" or "geobuk soo" to celebrate chusek on the last day of chuse.
update your wardrobe. make sure your clothes fit well. keep up with fashion trends. make a transition. change your style. move your body. be sociable and approachable. make eye contact. be confident in your appearance. keep your body language open and confident. smile.
think about your hero’s strength. think about his authority. consider his powers. consider your hero's noble origins. imagine your hero as physically attractive. remember that an epic hero does not always appear perfect.
check the number of holes on your s video cables. connect the s video cable to your computer or handheld device's input. , connect the other end of the cable to the other s video input on your device. , wait for the other device to recognize the new cable. , turn on the new device by pressing the power button on the back of the device you want to connect. , finished.
identify a new identity for yourself. schedule some time apart from your spouse.  manage your time wisely.  be active. schedule socializing activities.
gather all your clothes and accessories. sort your clothes into piles. organize your clothes. create storage solutions. decorate your closet. hang up all the clothes you want to keep. put everything back in its place. get dressed everyday.
add the raspberries to a cocktail shaker. , prepare the rim. pour the lime juice into the shaker and stir. pour in the raspberry juice. , stir the ingredients together. , pour the drink into a tall glass. , garnish the drink. serve the drink with a lime wedge or pineapple slice.
file a change of address with your state’s division of unemployment insurance. complete all necessary paperwork in your state. attend any appeals hearings. file and pay all wage reports and taxes on time and on your tax return.
start with a simple message. switch the ciphers one letter at a time. double check your message. apply the first cipher to the message. add the second cipher. add another cipher. keep the number of cipher you use to a minimum. use phone code. add rules. come up with your own rules. write your code. apply your rules. send your code to a friend. don't worry if your friend tries to decode it. keep your friend from finding out your code again.
determine if you have a claim under the ftcta. download the appropriate form. complete your claim form. gather supporting documents. sign and submit your claim. wait for the agency's decision. file your lawsuit. consider hiring an attorney. participate in discovery. attempt mediation.
go to school and be picked up from school by your parent or guardian. act like you have a stomachache. go to your room and lie down on your bed. pretend to be sick for a few hours before you go to the activity you want to participate in. when you get home from the activity, act sick. continue to act sick for the rest of the day. when your parents come to pick you up, sleep with your eyes closed. stay sick.
wait for a warm, dry season. choose a suitable location. plant the tuber. water the tuber thoroughly. mark the spot where the tuber was planted. wait for the tuber to emerge from the soil. fertilize as necessary. keep an eye out for droopy leaves. cut away the foliage when necessary. dig up the tuber when the temperature falls below 50ºf (9ºc). separate the tubers. store in a cool, dry place.
flirt with him. let him know you’re comfortable with physical contact. compliment him in a non-threatening way.
start with a pokémon that has the following moves: sleep, paralysis, poison, sleep, or paralysis. inflict the desired move.
go to the grand exchange in falador, and go to the shop in the middle of the street. go to a shop in varrock, and buy a black wizard robe. go back to the main exchange, and give him the wizard robe, or black wizard cape. , go to varrock general store, and change his shirt to anything red, orange, or orange. give him a sword, or if you are a member, a steel dagger. get to the barber's shop, and get a steel sword. get a sword and gloves. finished.
go to your isp’s website and look for reviews of the service. choose the plan that is best for your needs and download the most recent version of the plan.
use the binary method to subtract binary numbers. convert the first term to a three-digit number. reverse the digits in the second term. add one to the "reversed" term. cross out the first digit. add the new term to the original term. subtract one from the answer. add 1 to the total number, then delete the left digit.
write a cover letter. include a short bio. use plain, clear fonts. proofread your story. keep your writing simple. keep a list of where you send your stories. read magazines you want to be published in. read the submission guidelines. find a literary magazine. submit your story online. send your story in by mail. send in your story by email. submit by phone. submit in person. write a cover story. write an introduction. write the body of the story. create a hook. write your introduction. include your story's main character. include details about the setting. include an ending. edit your story for length.
understand what the chemical formula h2o actually means. understand the role of the hydrogen bond. study the bent structure of water. learn about the negative and positive poles. understand amphoteric.
choose a product or service that you are passionate about. decide if this is what you want to do for a living. think about how much money you would like to make and how much time you would spend on it. get organized. understand that people buy to eliminate pain. identify your potential customers. talk to your potential customer(s) about your product/service. don't get discouraged if they say "no" to your offer. find a way to sell your products or service online if you don't have a physical store or a physical location to sell them. look into using a point-of-sale (pos) system if you do not have one already. ask for help if you need it. be aware of the importance of technology. make sure that your business has a web site, e-mail address, phone number, and a website. , create a website that is easy to navigate, easy to find, and easy to use. , advertise your business. focus on your product, not on you. , make sure your business is well-known and well-organized. , have fun!
take your dog to the dog park. play fetch with your dog. walk your dog daily. establish that you are the pack leader. schedule a play date. sign your dog up for an agility class. take your dog swimming regularly.
log in to your pottermore account. , click on 'my account' in the top right corner of the page. click on the blue text. click 'close my account'.
check out group ticket options. look for discounts for students. visit the box office on the day of the show. purchase tickets online or over the phone. use a ticketmaster or telecharge ticket purchasing service. check online ticket sites. buy your tickets early. check out the theater's box office for same day discounts.
add 1/3 cup (125 ml) of tomato paste to the chili to thicken it up. add 1/2 to 1/4 cup (60 to 90 ml) canned or canned beans to the hot chili. add dry oatmeal to your chili. adjust the recipe, if necessary, to adjust the consistency of the chili. use caution when adding solids toward the end. finished.
teach your child positive affirmations. make healthy choices as a family. watch what you say about yourself and others. avoid talking about people based on size or looks. involve your child in food choices.
determine what kind of skin you have. look for products with salicylic acid if you have sensitive skin. try benzoyl peroxide if you don’t have oily skin. use alpha hydroxy acids. be careful when choosing a skin product from the store.
apply reflexology to the reflexes on the soles and tops of your feet. massage your shoulders and upper back. massage the spine reflex points on the inside edge of your foot. work the sciatic nerve reflexes.
use the direct method. use a cotton ball or tissue. use an inhaler tube. use smelling salts. try steam inhalation if you have congestion or nausea.
identify common hazardous wastes. use a home pickup service. drop off your waste at a facility. recycle your hazardous waste. request a mail-in recycling kit. organize a hazardous waste drop-off in your community. use alternatives to hazardous waste products.
control your emotions. be more introverted. be sarcastic. read a lot. get a kindle. dress like raven. have dark blue, purple, and black hair. get contacts. get into the spiritual aspect of your spirituality. be a good listener. pray.
go to http://www.zoner.com/ and download the program. , start up zoner. take a photograph. align the images. click on the 'align' button. save the image. go back to zoner and save it.
feed your parakeet a healthy diet. provide plenty of fresh water and food. spend quality time with your bird. let your bird play with your finger. give your bird a bath. provide your bird with toys. rotate your bird's toys. make sure that your bird gets enough sleep, especially if you are away from home for extended periods.
look for coordination problems. watch for shaking or tremors. check for sweating. look for dilated pupils. notice changes in energy levels. notice paranoid behavior. notice reckless behavior. watch if they stay up all night. notice hyperactivity. listen for slurred speech. notice signs of depression. watch out for long-term behavioral changes after use.
focus on another person. play mind games with yourself. snap a rubber band around your wrist. engage in an activity you enjoy while thinking about something else.
preheat the oven to 400 degrees fahrenheit (204 degrees celsius). place the chicken breast(s) in a frying pan. add the milk or cream to the pan. turn the heat up to medium-high. remove the pan from the heat. let the chicken poach for 20 minutes. serve the poached chicken with your choice of starch.
research the items you want to collect. read books on the industry. start with 1 or 2 items. peruse online sellers. sign up for collector's weekly. go to antique book and paper fairs. visit antique paper sellers in your area. visit flea markets and garage sales. visit auction sites. ask friends and family members if they have old magazines or newspapers they no longer use. talk to other collectors. create a catalog of your collection. sell items that you do not want to keep. expand your collection as you learn more.
avoid close-quarters combat. stay away from its legs and neck. aim for its neck. strike the ostrich’s wings. take a shot to one or both of its legs if possible.
calculate your gross income. account for fixed expenses from housing or debt. include your taxes. include insurance. include variable expenses. track your discretionary spending. adjust your budget as necessary. review your budget monthly.
cut off communication with your ex. don’t talk to your ex in front of mutual friends. do not talk about your ex to your mutual friends, especially if you have mutual friends that know your ex well. avoid putting up pictures of you and your ex together in your room. cry if you need to, but do not let your ex know that you are crying.
cut a bag of doritos in half, then eat them. get a holder for your cell phone. tie two pieces of aluminum foil together. fill a spray bottle with sunscreen. put the bottle of sunscreen in a bottle of gatorade. place the bottle in the wind. make a spoon out of a piece of foil. place your phone beneath the bottle. turn on your phone's screen. hold the phone above the bottle and turn it on. experiment with different colors.
measure out 3/4 cup (180 ml) of uncooked rice. place the rice in the rice cooker. expand the pot or bowl to accommodate the rice. decide whether to rinse the rice or add water. add cold water to the pot. add the rice to the water. consider soaking the rice (optional). add any desired flavorings. stir the rice with a wooden or plastic utensil. check the rice for doneness. turn the rice on and let it cook for the specified amount of time. remove the rice from the cooker when it is done cooking. let the rice stand for a few minutes to cool before serving. store the cooked rice in an airtight container. finished.
right-click on your desktop and select “settings”. click “change picture” from the “personalization” menu. click on “set as desktop background” and select an image to set as your wallpaper. select the size and shape of the image from the dropdown menu. choose “rotate” or “fit” to adjust the image’s size and position. click "change picture every” if you want to change your wallpaper every time you turn on your computer. click the red “ok” button at the bottom of the personalization menu.
check for the ec rating. check for the e rating. look for the 10+ rating. consider the t rating. know the m rating. be aware of the ao rating. if the game hasn't been rated yet, ask the publisher if they will let everyone know that it has not been rated. look at the descriptors on the box of the game. if all else fails, check the rating on the back of the box, but the game has not yet been rated, try this method.
buy the coinvexed® trick. wait for the package to arrive in the mail. open the trick. take the coin(s) that you want to bend and place them in a pile on a table. , take a sharpie pen, colour of your choice, and place it on the top of the pile of coins. , place the false lid on the coin. , hold the coin in one hand and, in the other hand, place the coin on the sharpie. , repeat the previous step with the other coin, but this time, hold it in your other hand. , bend the coin with your non-dominant hand. when you are done, put the coin back in the pile and put it back on the table. repeat the process until the coin has been bent all the way.
insert the needle into the needle holder. insert the collection tube into the holder. pull the skin taut with your thumb and index finger. hold the patient's arm over the venipuncture site with your non-dominant hand. push the tip of the tube through the skin and into the puncture site. push down on the tube with your index finger and thumb until the stopper is at the base of the needle. insert a tourniquet into the tube and secure it in place with a rubber bandage. turn the tube upside down and insert the needle through the tube. adjust the tube's contents if the tube contains additives. remove the tube from the holder and allow the blood to flow into it. apply pressure to the site to stop the bleeding. finished.
understand the risks and benefits of lip reduction surgery. schedule an appointment with a board-certified plastic surgeon. prepare for the recovery period after lip reduction.
make sure you have utensils that stay in the baking area. have a few bowls and spatulas on hand. keep your baking pans in one area. add a power strip to your baking area for electric gadgets. make it easy to put away large appliances. put your appliances on display if you have the space.
tell him that you don't like the way he is spending his time playing video games. tell him how you feel. be patient. find something else to do while he's playing. try a new hobby. play the game with him. ask him if there is something you can do together that he would like to do, and see if he's willing to give it a try. make a plan together. enjoy your time together.
determine how much tax you will need to collect on your online sales. purchase carbon copies of all your receipts. invest in a bookkeeping program to keep track of your sales and expenses. create a dedicated online account for each venue, seller or online site you use to track your sales. keep a check book for each month of the year. enter your sales as soon as you make a sale. save your receipts in a separate file folder. list your sales by venue, then input the expenses associated with each venue. review your income and expenses regularly. submit your tax returns on time. consider hiring a tax professional if you have a large amount of sales, receipts and expenses and do not have time to do it all at once.
get four 12” pieces of pipe for the feet. get pvc pipe or wooden dowel to make the posts. buy pvc joint pieces. assemble the barre. add foam to the bottom of the feet if desired.
offer to help out at a boarding barn. offer to be a groomer. do odd jobs around the barn. be a babysitter. school horses. become a coach. learn how to ride, if you don't already know how. , if you're a rider, learn to ride a horse. , learn to groom a horse, if your barn doesn't have any horses. , offer to clean a barn, if it's in need of cleaning. , teach someone how to groom, if they need it. , finished.
paint a clothespin the color you wish your mermaid to be. paint the clothespin. cut a piece of scrap fabric or paper to the size of your clothespin's head. decorate the mermaid's head and chest.
wear appropriate clothing. decide what to pack. pack a basic first-aid kit. consider bringing a tent or sleeping bag. consider your options. bring plenty of food.
refrain from using alcohol, hydrogen peroxide, and antibacterial agents. use a mild soap. wear clean clothes. sleep on clean sheets. eat a healthy diet. watch for signs of infection.
don’t assume you are in a custody battle. find out why the other parent is fighting you. analyze the factors a judge will consider. hire a lawyer. understand what the judge might determine. gather evidence. draft a parenting plan. draft an agreement. file the parenting plan with the court. serve notice on the other side. file a proof of service form. serve a copy of the plan on your children. attend mediation. prepare for trial. dress appropriately. arrive early. answer the judge’s questions. present your case. cross-examine the witnesses. listen to the other party. make a closing argument. wait for the judge to rule. appeal, if necessary. consider appealing if you lose. go to trial.
read the work of gothic writers. take a course in english literature. join a writing group.
decide what kind of card format you want to use. choose an online service. design the front of your card. customize the inside of the card. check the card for mistakes. place your order and confirm.
make a cleaning solution with dish soap and water. dip a cloth into the mixture. wipe the gemstones with the cloth. scrub the metal with a jewelry brush. rinse the earrings with clean water.
determine the severity of your sprained wrist. look for swelling. check for bruising. evaluate your wrist for signs of bruising. apply cold therapy to the injury site. apply a cold compress to the sprained area. take an over-the-counter (otc) anti-inflammatory medication. see a doctor for a wrist x-ray. get a referral to a chiropractor or osteopath. follow your doctor's treatment recommendations for wrist sprains.
make sure that everything you have is clean. wash your hair, teeth, and ears. make sure your clothes and hair are clean. brush your teeth. smile. make your eyes pop. wear clothes that make you feel comfortable. lower your voice. be confident. have a good sense of humor. have some type of quirk. practice your talents and talents. be beautiful on the outside. be gorgeous on the inside too. , be gorgeous in the things that you love. , don't be afraid to be yourself. , have a sexy thing to say or do.
start the game. choose a character to play as. understand the story. understand how the game works. know how to beat each stage. know the difference between the two types of levels in the game: secluded and public. know what each cube in each level holds. find the orange boxes in the boxes around the levels. know which levels are completed and which ones are not. use the characters you have in your party to play the level. use stickers to make your characters stronger. defeat the subspace emissary and defeat the final boss to unlock all of the characters.
tune your ukulele to the correct pitch. identify the strings. know the frets. tune the strings to match the pitch of another musical instrument. use a tuning instrument to tune a single string. tune a string using a pitch pipe. tune all the strings using a tuning fork. use an electronic tuner. use the g string. match the a string. find the e string. check the c string. compare the c and e strings.
set up the formula for adding consecutive numbers between 1 and 100. plug the numbers into the formula. plug in the first and last number in the series. divide each term in the formula by 2. divide the sum of n{\displaystyle n} by the number of consecutive numbers in theseries. multiply the sum by 100.
preheat the oven to 425 °f (218 °c) or 220 c. line a baking tin with parchment paper. sift the flour into a bowl. whisk the eggs and flour together with a wire whisk. pour in the milk, sugar, and vanilla extract. pour the batter into the greased tin. place the tin in the oven. remove the pudding from the oven when it is done baking. let the pudding cool down for a few minutes before you serve it. , serve the pudding immediately.
get the right cut and style. highlight your hair with highlights. use clip-on hair extensions to add volume to your hair.
apply a cold compress to the hickey. avoid "traumatic" activities for the first 48 hours. switch to a warm compress. apply heat therapy to the bruise. massage the area. treat the skin. wear your hair down. use concealer, foundation, and/or powder to cover up the bruising. wear a bandage to hide the bruised.
download and install the latest version of garry's mod. select the hl2 dm from the source sdk menu. click on the following tools: camera tool-- this tool is helpful as it allows you to change the camera perspective.
preheat the oven to 350 degrees fahrenheit (180 degrees celsius). , toss the fruits. make the topping. pour the topping into the baking dish. place in the oven. remove from the oven and allow to cool. finished.
determine your cat's ideal weight and body shape. take your cat to the vet regularly. make sure your cat is dewormed against worms. be aware that hyperthyroidism may be the cause of a cat that is underweight.
learn simple phrases. learn the russian alphabet. build your vocabulary. borrow words from other languages. learn basic word order. learn grammar rules. learn about nouns and verbs. learn how to conjugate nouns. learn to read and write in russian. practice your russian vocabulary every day.
decide what vegetables you want to grow. measure the vegetables and cut them. place the vegetables in a container and cover them with plastic wrap. , place the container in a sunny spot and leave it in the sun for a day or two. , water the vegetables every other day. when the carrots or radishes grow roots, plant them in soil. enjoy your new vegetables. finished.
open the app store on your ipad. search for the app you want to download. enter your payment information. read reviews and requirements. tap the “download” or “install” bar at the top of the screen. tap “add to home screen” to add multiple apps to your home screen at once. , tap the home button again.
get a good education. encourage your own interest in art. keep your relationship with the prince secret. live a normal life. fulfill your royal duties. get involved in a sport. be honest. learn proper etiquette. have perfect posture when you stand and sit down. finished.
drain the ponds. set up a seine. attach the seine reel to a truck or tractor. start at the deep end of the pond. drive a tractor or truck around the pond from one end to the other. close the net around the catfish in the harvesting area. place the live car in the net. pull the seining slowly and evenly on either side. remove the fish from the seined. repeat the process until all the fish have been harvested. separate the fish.
gargle with warm salt water. suck on throat lozenges. use throat sprays. apply a warm compress to the outside of your throat. make chamomile tea. make a salt plaster. use a humidifier. try a steam treatment. take an over-the-counter pain reliever. get plenty of rest. wash your hands frequently. drink plenty of water. drink coffee in moderation. take frequent showers. eat foods rich in vitamin c. vitamin c is an antioxidant. eat garlic. eat plenty of fresh fruits and vegetables. eat more vitamin d. vitamin d helps the body absorb calcium. get enough vitamin e. vitamin e is an important nutrient for the immune system of the body.
use your calculator. send the question to a friend. use a text-to-text service. use an app. search the internet instead.
brush your child's teeth. teach them basic cleaning skills. have your child sit at the table. teach table manners. organize utensils. teach shoe lacing. teach your child how to tie their shoes. bathe your child. show them how to put on and take off their clothes. help them with basic housework. help your child with household chores. encourage your child to help around the house.
determine your feelings for him. make sure that he has feelings for you. ask him out on a date. make physical contact with him. find out about his interests. tell him that you are in love. be honest with him about your intentions to him.
allow them to be in control. remind them to take breaks. take care of yourself. give them time.
understand the causes of adhd. recognize symptoms in children. know the different adhd subtypes. recognize the symptoms in adults. look for signs in your work or school life. watch for signs of co-morbid disorders. be aware of problems in relationships. see a doctor or mental health professional. get tests to rule out other conditions. get a referral to a psychiatrist or psychologist. consider medication. consider cognitive behavioral therapy. try cognitive behavioral behavioral therapy (cbt). consider medication use.
make sure you meet the basic requirements. make sure you have good eyesight. meet the educational requirements. pass the aptitude test. apply to join the army. complete the pre-enlist. complete physical training. complete airborne training. be in the correct rank. meet time in service and time in grade. meet language and language requirements. complete an o-1 or o-2 training course. complete a land navigation course. attend an sfas assessment course. pass a special forces selection course. join the green Berets. get in touch with your commanding officer. complete your initial training. pass your initial physical. complete special forces training. take the special forces oath of service. get the green beret rifle. get a green vest. get your green vest rifle. become a special operations officer. get into special forces combat operation (sop) training. become part of the special operations team. get to know the green berets. get used to the environment. be ready to fight. be prepared to fight in the field.
determine the assets of the company. determine the depreciation of the assets. calculate the net asset value of the business. calculate your business’s liabilities. subtract your liabilities from your business assets. divide the total business equity by the percentage of owners.
choose the right time of year to plant. purchase potted olive trees. dig a hole for the tree. remove the tree from its pot. fill in the rest of the hole with soil and topsoil. place the tree in the hole and wait for it to grow. install dip emitters. water your trees with a dip emitter. add mulches to your trees.
open notepad or notepad. copy and paste the following code into notepad. save the file as a php file. open your browser. navigate to the address of your php file in your web browser. understand the difference between php and html. add html tags to your php code. save your file as an html file. edit your html code. add a variable to the first line of your code. create a new php file and save it as "helloworld2.php". open your html page. add the php code to your page. test your php program. test out your php application.
gather your ingredients. prepare the cake tray. combine the sugar, light corn syrup, water, and water in a saucepan. add the butter. bring the mixture to a boil. remove the saucepan from the heat and add the shredded coconut, baking soda, and salt. pour the mixture into the prepared cake tray and allow to set. finished.
start an aerobic exercise regimen. do crunches. do exercises that target your core. work out your core muscles.
determine why you don't like this person. understand that there are many different kinds of love. consider the ways in which love is subjective. look for the good in the person. be careful of attaching conditions to the person's love. don't confuse love with perfection or forgiveness. try to see the best in the other person's life. avoid trying to force the person to change. be aware of the difference between love and compassion. be clear about what love is and isn't. know when to walk away. be honest with yourself about your feelings about the person and their actions. be open to the possibility that you may need to forgive. be willing to accept the person for who they are and what they are.
make a revision timetable. start revising well ahead of the actual exam dates. colour code your timetable. make sure to include relaxing time in your revision schedule. get plenty of sleep. make a timetable list of things to give yourself that you can do during your revision time each day.
get vaccinated as early as possible. get vaccinated against whooping cough before your baby is born. get your adult and newborn vaccinated. do not let unvaccinated people near your newborn. follow the vaccination schedule. recognize the signs and symptoms of pertussis in infants. understand why vaccination is the best choice for your child’s health. protect your child from others who are not vaccinated. keep your child away from people who have not been vaccinated. take your child to the doctor if he or she develops a severe cough. seek immediate medical attention if necessary.
remain calm. help as much as you can. go to the emergency room. call the police. get information about the other driver. take pictures of the scene. talk to witnesses. write out your story. see a doctor. document your doctor’s visit. keep track of your medical expenses. draft a letter to your boss. keep a pain journal. get an estimate of the damage to your car. contact your insurance company. file a claim. hire an insurance adjuster. hire a lawyer. draft your complaint. file your claim. serve notice of the lawsuit on the other party. file proof of service. serve a copy of the complaint on the defendant. read the other side. take part in discovery. participate in mediation. attend trial.
look at the title of the application. look at the window. click on file, then click on tools, then windows, then help, and then windows tiling, and so on. learn the shortcuts. look for the keys x, c, and v. these are the keys that are used to cut and paste.
get the hair. wear minimal makeup. wear clothes that are a little more girly, but not too girly. don't wear a lot of make-up, just a little bit of foundation and concealer. , wear jeans and sneakers that are either casual or a bit more formal. be smart.
dilute the orange juice. add sugar, honey or a sweetener of your choice. add a pinch of salt to the juice. make a creamier version of the morir sonañdo. add mint to the drink. make an orange juice banana margarita. make orange juice mocktails. try a morir schnapps and orange juice cocktail. try the morira sonaño do. try orange juice pancakes.
try a cortisone cream. use a skin-lightening cream. try a glycolic or salicylic acid exfoliant. consider a retinoid cream. ask your dermatologist about chemical peels, microdermabrasion, and/or laser resurfacing treatments to fade hyperpigmentation and fade scars.
condition your hair daily. deep condition your hair. use hot tools sparingly. avoid washing your hair as much as possible. massage your scalp regularly. take hair-boosting supplements. stay away from chemicals. use sulfate-free shampoos and conditioners. go to a salon. take care of your hair at the salon.
gather your materials. prepare your tie. put the scotch tape on the top of the tie. wear a white button-down shirt with a white collar. put on a grey sweater vest or cloak. wear jeans in a light wash green or light wash blue color. make or buy a green robe. add a crest to your cloak or shirt. style your hair as you normally would.
go to route 42. go to the pokémon center in route 42, and you'll see a building. go inside the building. , go up the ladder. walk down the ladder until you reach the top of the stairs. walk north and you will see suicune. walk south or east. go up or south. walk up or walk east, depending on which way you want to go. get to mt. go south. go north. go west. go east. walk to vermillion city. go back to bill's house. catch it.
decide if you want to track your employees’ cell phones. find a tracking app. talk to other business owners. compare the apps. install the app on company-owned phones. track the location of your employees. check if there is a business exception. get employee consent. create a privacy policy. identify who can access the tracking information. meet with a lawyer. avoid monitoring an employee’s cell phone. research your state law. read your employee contract. create an email account. set up a password. use a password-less password program. use an anti-virus program. hire a private investigator, if necessary.
use actual words. know the right word for the situation. use capitalization. say "yes" instead of "no.", think before you speak. block the user if you have to. log off if you are being ignored. if all else fails, log off. if you're not getting anywhere, leave.
clean stubborn stains with ammonia or simple green. use a lactic acid-based cleanser to remove rust stains. remove tire marks with concrete degre.
go to the google play store and search for "unlock my phone". , draw a circle with a number in the middle of each circle. draw a dot in the center of each dot. look at the results. check your phone's messages.
understand what causes body odor. know where body odor occurs. know the difference between foot odor and foot odor. consider other factors. know when to see a doctor.
learn to read. find a book you like. get a book. set aside some time. sit in a comfortable place. read with a friend. read.
understand what common sense is. understand the purpose of common sense. be aware of the ways in which common sense can be used to override it. understand that some people use common sense to override their own sense of reality. ask yourself if you're using your common sense for the wrong reasons. don't be afraid to ask for help. be open to new experiences. learn from your mistakes. learn to see the big picture.
have the right school supplies. have a variety of clothing. have good hygiene. wear makeup. have the right shoes. walk with confidence. be on top of your schoolwork. be a good student. don't be on social networking sites such as facebook, twitter, instagram, or instagram unless you have to be. finished.
determine if you have an emergency dental issue. wash your hands. keep the tooth moist. place the tooth back in your mouth. apply pressure to the tooth. call your dentist. find an emergency dentist in your city. find a nearby dentist. get a ride to the dentist if you can’t get to a dentist within an hour. bring a friend or family member with you. ask the dentist about your options. ask about the dentist’s office hours.
know when they're looking for an associate. know who they're after. know what their target audience is. know how they look. they're always looking for someone who is vulnerable. they'll try to get you to give them what they want. the scam operator will try to make it seem like a normal sale, but it's really not. when they get to the point where you just want to end the deal, you're ready to walk away from the situation. once you walk away, they'll get desperate.
talk to your doctor about thyroid surgery. discuss the risks of thyroid surgery with your doctor. recover from thyroid surgery at home and take hormone replacement therapy.
pay attention to how he touches you. notice how long he holds on to a hug. pay attention to his hands. watch for signs of preening. look for slouching. notice his ability to laugh. notice if he moves closer to you. see if he looks at you from a distance. see how he talks about you. look at his body language. watch his eye contact. notice what he does with his hair. notice where he stands around you.
drink plenty of water. avoid acidic foods. eat calcium-rich foods. exercise regularly. maintain a healthy weight. improve your blood circulation. take glucosamine and chondroitin supplements. protect your back against disc degeneration. try chiropractic manipulation. try massage therapy. get a referral to a physical therapist. see a chiropractor or osteopath. consider surgery as a last resort.
encourage your kids to let go of toys. donate some of the toys to charity. give away some toys to friends or family who have children. store the toys at a close family member’s home. purge toys.
put the inedible items out of your dog’s reach. sprinkle bitter-tasting substances on the items. change your dog's diet.
realize that everyone is beautiful. love your body. love yourself. don't be afraid to flaunt your curves. take care of yourself. treat yourself well.
determine if you use your home office exclusively and regularly. determine if you work from home. determine whether you work for your employer. choose the simplified method. determine how much of your home is used for business. calculate the deduction based on the proportion of the home to your household expenses. determine the deduction for real estate taxes, mortgage interest and home equity loan interest. determine your deduction for home depreciation. calculate your deduction if you choose to use the home office as a business expense. calculate how much you can deduct for a home office deduction. use the standard deduction method if you are self-employed. claim the deduction on schedule a on your personal tax return.
gather your supplies. make your own cut-outs. decorate your cut-out. hang your ornaments on the tree.
open the webpage you want to bookmark in chrome. tap the chrome menu button (☰) and select "bookmarks". tap the "add bookmark" button. give the bookmark a name and address. add a new folder for the bookmark. tap "save" to save your bookmark. manage your chrome bookmarks from chrome.
choose a serrated knife sharpener. identify the knife's bevels. choose an angle to sharpen the knife. run the sharpening rod along the first groove. check for a burr. adjust the position of the sharpener if necessary. remove the burrs. sharpen along the rest of the blade length.
identify your loved one's needs. decide who will be responsible for each area. organize their documents and medical information. evaluate your plan over time.
lay the necker flat on a flat surface. place the long end in the middle. ask someone to hold down the other end. roll the neckers. stop rolling when you reach the end. take the right hand strand and fold it back on itself. fold the left hand strand over to the right. bring the right side of the right strand under the left side. pull the right end of the left strand through the loop created by the left. secure the knot. finished.
answer the easy questions first. focus your time on the questions that are worth the most points. wear a watch. don’t rush yourself. pause and breathe. be prepared for the unexpected. read the format of the test beforehand. use a study guide. practice answering essay questions. review your essays before the test. focus on your weakest areas of study. take a practice test before the exam. get a good night’s sleep the night before. eat a healthy breakfast. get plenty of rest. arrive at the test early. pay attention to the time allotted to you. relax.
choose light pastels for a subtle color scheme. go for daisies for a rustic feel. try a magnolia. pick blue flowers. opt for tulips for a streamlined effect.
ask yourself why you apologize. consider your gender. consider the impact on others. notice how often you apologize for non-harmful actions. track the frequency of your apologies. stop apologizing on behalf of others. use a silly word. say "thank you" instead of apologizing. empathize with the other person. pay attention to your own feelings. avoid apologizing for things you've already done. avoid making excuses for your actions. stop blaming yourself for others' mistakes. stop thinking of apologies as an apology. stop trying to make excuses. stop making excuses. learn to say "i'm sorry."
choose the right number of characters. avoid show terms and titles. avoid offensive or swear words. avoid specific dog breeds. avoid using specific gender terms in the name.
say something when you hear it. ignore it. talk to the person. challenge assumptions at the doctor's office. spend less time with people who keep it up.
get a good camera. find a good place to record. practice. write a script. practice speaking in front of the camera. use proper body language. upload your video to youtube. edit your video on your computer. chop up your video. use the video editor. don’t use animations. use transitions. adjust the brightness, rotation, and audio. choose your privacy settings. choose how you want to share it.
apologize when you’ve done something wrong. listen to your partner’s response. give your partner space and time. go to counseling. talk about the issues in your relationship. try to understand each other. work on your communication skills. forgive your partner. make a plan for the future. take care of your own needs. be a good listener. take responsibility for your role in the relationship. be willing to compromise. take some time for yourself. seek professional help if necessary.
understand what derivatives are. learn how to take derivatives. know what you will be asked for. find the derivative of the function or equation for your graph. use the derivative to find the slope of a function. use a graphing calculator to check your slope.
crush up some eyeshadow into a small plastic bag. find a small jar or jar to mix your color in. add a few drops of clear nail polish to the jar. mix the color into the nail polish. apply the color to your nails. let it dry, then apply a top coat if desired. finished.
make the cage a safe place for your parakeet. get closer to the cage. hold your hand out to the bird and let it look at it. reach inside the cage with your hand. try to get the bird to perch on your finger. let the bird come out of its cage. talk to your budgie. stroke or stroke the bird's feathers. feed the bird a healthy diet. keep the cage clean. play with the bird. give the bird plenty of exercise. take the bird outside on a regular basis. take your bird to the vet for regular check-ups. watch for signs of illness. know when to put the bird in the vet's care. take care of the bird when you take it in for a check-up.
draw a horizontal line. draw a second vertical line. connect the two lines. erase the inner lines of the first line. erase all of the lines on the outside of the second line. add in the colors of your choice. you're done! , finished.
prepare ahead of time. relax before speaking. maintain proper posture. speak loudly, without yelling. speak slowly. speak in your own voice. avoid using an affected voice. don't be afraid to be wrong. work on being more outgoing. practice socializing outside of class. join an extracurricular activity. join a club. get involved in a sports team. participate in extra-curricular activities. take advantage of free time. make friends with other students.
make bacon wrapped, blue cheese stuffed dates. make blue cheese potato pancakes. make garlic paste stuffed patties with blue cheese and garlic paste.
make it clear that your life doesn't revolve around your crush. use a secret screen name. don't overdo it with the humor.
change the player text. change the num. save the file. , play the game again.
determine if your triangle is a right triangle. assign variables a and b to each side of your triangle. determine which of your sides is unknown. write your equation a2 + b2 = c2. square your known sides. isolate the unknown variable. take the square root of both sides. use the pythagorean theorem to find the length of the unknown side. use pythgorean theorem in real-world situations. identify the hypotenuse of the triangle. find the diagonally opposite of the right angle.
determine if you qualify. check if you participate in an assistance program. determine how many people in your household qualify. choose a company and plan. apply for the program. provide the necessary documentation. provide proof of your identity. sign up for benefits. start using your new cellphone. wait 30 days for notice of the end of the program to begin. use your new phone. contact the phone company.
decide if you want to visit shreveport during the summer or the winter. decide if you would like to fly in or out. decide how you would prefer to get there. decide where you would want to stay. visit the freeman and harris cafe. visit brother's seafood. visit eddie's restaurant. visit edd's restaurant (1956 hollywood avenue). visit the Freeman and Harris cafe. go to one of the casinos. take a walk through the shreve port history museum. go on a tour of the science center. go for a cruise on the red clyde river. take in some of the sights of the downtown area. check out the museums. go shopping at the shops and restaurants. go out to eat at the restaurants and bars. visit a museum or a concert at a concert.
avoid overdressing. avoid looking too casual. err on the side of formal. ask the host about the dress code. act more classy than you normally would in casual clothes.
talk to your doctor. ask about birth control pills or iuds. consider skipping your period. pack for your trip with supplies.
visit your high school early. meet your school counselors and teachers. talk to your teachers about classes and electives. join a club or sports team. check out any summer activities. go to any plays or musicals. be friendly and say hi. make a list of questions to ask your teachers and counselors. get a hold of last year’s publications. check your school website. get to know your teachers, coaches, and other students. ask your parents or siblings for advice. get involved in your community. make friends with people who are going through the same thing you are. take advantage of the resources at your school. join clubs and sports teams that interest you. join extracurricular activities that you’d like to participate in. make new friends. make sure you get enough sleep. eat a healthy diet. get plenty of exercise. take care of your body.
start with your left foot on the outside of your right foot. turn your body to the beat of the music. take your normal left foot and put it in front of you. move your right leg to the inside of your left leg. start moving your arms up and down. switch legs. switch back to your normal leg. do whatever you want with your body. add elements of the dougie dance if you want to. have fun!
determine the details of your wedding. research bakeries in your area. schedule a consultation. browse wedding cake designs online. make a list of flavor combinations. choose a type of frosting. decide on a design. bring along a wedding planner. go to the tasting on an empty stomach. taste the cakes, fillings and frostings separately. ask the baker important questions before you sign a contract. finished.
explain to the audience that you have a set of keys in your hand. hold the keys up to your audience. pretend to lift the keys out of your hands. point your fingers in the direction of the audience as you speak. finished.
cut the mangoes into small pieces. place the pieces of mangoes on a baking sheet lined with parchment paper. put the sheet in the freezer. remove the sheet from the freezer when the fruit is frozen. serve the frozen mangoes.
have a weekly family meeting. ask your stepchildren for their opinions. communicate with your partner about your parenting style. show your stepchild that you care about them emotionally.
understand quadratic equations. set both equations equal to y. set one side of the equation equal to zero. set all the terms on one side equal to 0. solve the equation. find the two factors that multiply to make negative six. add each pair of factors together to get an answer. find a second solution if you can't find the first one. solve for x2{\displaystyle x^{2}} if the problem ends at 0, 1, or 2 points. find 0, 2, or 1 points at the intersection of the two solutions.
make your site visually appealing. keep it simple. use the same banner on every page. use consistent fonts. leave plenty of space.
use new razors every two weeks or five uses. shave with the grain of the hair. shave at night. shave after a hot shower. rinse your razor after every shave. splash your skin with cold water after each shave. don’t worry about dulling your razor blades. store your razor in a clean, dry, dry place, such as the bathroom, or in an alcohol-free container with a lid that contains rubbing alcohol or rubbing alcohol. finished.
place all of the files that you want to archive into one folder. right-click on the selected files. select “send to”. click “create” to create the zip file.
wash your kale. trim and chop the kale. add kale to your smoothies. cook your kale if you like. store your kale in an airtight container. finished.
list the translation and/or bible reference first. cite the bible reference the second time you quote a passage from the same translation. use the correct abbreviations. use a period to separate the chapter and verse. use italicization and quotation marks when referring to common versions of the bible. include the bible you used on your "works cited" page. include a bible reference on your works cited page.
use an enzymatic cleaner for pet or animal stains. apply an oil-based cleaner for crayon stains. use laundry detergent for grease stains. try kitty litter for oil stained concrete. remove mildew stains with bleach. use vinegar and vinegar to remove algae. use a pressure washer for dirt.
know your tactics. have a squad. know how to defend against a large group. break contact and flank. stack up. know your phrases. move silently. keep your voice as quiet as you can in the field.
hold a lucky egg. give gabite exp. share. use gabbyite in battle. fight high-level enemies. give a gabites a rare candy. trade a gabbite for another gabITE. give the gabits an everstone. raise gabit to level 48. let it evolve into garchomp.
look for stretch marks. check for hyperpigmentation. watch out for acne and other skin abrasions.
decide what style of curtain you want to install. measure the length of the curtain. choose a curtain rod. choose the casing for the window. choose your curtain rods. measure and cut the curtain material. install the curtain rod(s). install the casing. attach the curtain rods to the rod. hang the curtains. adjust the length and width of the curtains as needed. hang your curtains. add finishing touches.
teach your child to check the caller id. teach your child how to answer a landline phone. explain how to respond to a cellular phone. teach them to switch calls.
open the menu. open terminal. navigate to the directory in which you wish to create the file. type cd desktop. type in your preferred directory's name. press ↵ enter. select a directory. open the text file you want to create a text file in terminal. enter a name for your text file. press ⏎ return. type . create a new text file with the name you selected. press .↵ enter to save your work. type terminal -l textfile. press the i key. type vi -l. type the "vi" part of the command. type your new file's name into terminal. click ok. press i to insert your document. type as you would for any other text document. save the current line of text and jump to the next line. click the "command" key. press ctrl+v. type quit when prompted. open your file. create a duplicate file if necessary.
organize your paperwork. read each document. keep related papers together. create a trash pile. use cheap manila folders. organize the contents of each folder properly.
eat a balanced diet. exercise regularly. learn how to stretch properly. find a place to stretch. stretch out your body in a way that is comfortable for you. don't push yourself too hard. be patient. start with easy stretches and work your way up to more difficult stretches, such as reaching, bending, or reaching. , don't get discouraged. don’t push yourself. take your time. do the stretches you are comfortable with.
apply vegetable oil to the drain.cover the drain with a layer of vegetable oil. cover the drain in clear tape. check the bottom of the drain the next day. open the drain a few times a day.
use a deet repellent. try picaridin. try permethrin. look into other kinds of active ingredients that aren’t deet or picar.
recognize the symptoms of heat exhaustion. treat heat exhaustion at home. seek immediate care if you notice symptoms of sunstroke.
fill your pot a quarter of the way with soil. break off a corner of the large potsherd. add more soil to your pot. add small potsherds to the sloping dirt. add miniature plants to your fairy garden.
go to bed early. wake up early. get ready for the airport. show your kids that you are excited to be on your way. enjoy your flight.
leave your shoes at the door. respect the elders. address the host with respect. clean up after yourself and the host's property. avoid drinking alcohol. play card games. learn about vietnamese cuisine. talk to the host about the food. ask the host questions about the party. ask questions about food.
go to facebook. log into your facebook account. go to the events page. view your events. find the event that needs to be deleted. open the edit event page. delete the event. confirm that you’re sure about deleting it.
apply a small amount of olive oil to the stain. rub the oil into the stain with your fingers. let the oil sit for several minutes. wipe off the leather.
check regulations on your medication. fill your prescription well in advance. gather any necessary documentation. adjust to time zones. pack your medication properly. make sure you have enough medication for your trip. check for travel delays. store your medication in a cool place. keep a copy of your prescription with you. check liquid medications for restrictions. keep your prescription in its original container. ask your doctor for a prescription note.
avoid products that contain triclosan. avoid antiperspirants that contain aluminum. stay away from products with parabens and chemicals.
set the house rules. enforce the rules. be prepared to deal with unwanted habits. talk to your guest if you feel uncomfortable. know when it’s time to move out.
be vulnerable. accept your differences. be open to changes. spend quality time together. communicate regularly. build trust. share things you love with each other. make your shared interests more important. support your best friend during tough times.
go to the start menu and select control panel. go to the control panel and select security and privacy. , go to setup wizard and select network components. select networking components. install components. finished.
attach the shower head to the neck of the shower. use a toothbrush to clean your shower head. douse the head in water to get rid of excess vinegar and minerals. turn on the shower and let the water run for a few minutes. run the shower again.
choose the cards you want to use for the jigsaw puzzle. print out a picture of the puzzle. cut out the puzzle pieces from each card. cut the pieces out using a pair of sharp scissors. glue the puzzle images to the outside of the card. place the puzzle in a resealable box or resealables bag. , place the cards in the jiggers. , leave the cards to dry for 24 hours. , reassemble the cards. , check that the cards have been assembled correctly. , play the game. , give the winner the prize to the player with the most completed puzzle. finished.
catch a yungoos. weaken it down and throw a poke ball at it. train it until it evolves into a gumshoo. repeat this process until you have at least 5 gumshoos in your party.
bake a quiche with quinoa. make quinoa energy bars. add quinoa to a cake for a healthy treat.
connect your wireless adapter to your computer using a wireless cable. , connect to a wireless router that is compatible with your computer. , install the wireless adapter's drivers. update the drivers. connect to the router. , test your connection.
master the side to side and back and forth moves. master the hip movement. practice with your other side. keep practicing. switch it up a bit.
let him see you having a great time. get another boyfriend. post photos on social media. start hanging out more often. let him see how you've changed. know when he wants you back. build your independence.
choose a name for your llc. choose a registered agent. file a certificate of formation. draft an operating agreement. store your records. hold an organizational meeting. apply for an ein. file for a business license and business license. decide if you want to file as a sole proprietorship or partnership. determine if you need an s-Corp or s-corpor. file with the secretary of state. obtain an employer identification number (ein). register with the delaware department of revenue.
make sure that you have a computer that can run a web server. find a program that you can run in the background. install the web server program on your computer. create an index file for your web server and save it to your computer's hard drive. connect your computer to the internet. test your site by visiting http://127.0. 0.1.1:portnumber/. connect to your internet browser and visit the site that you want to host on port 80. send an e-mail to the administrator of the site you are hosting. make sure that your dns is set up correctly. if you want you can use server-side scripting you can download and install the applications that you would like to use on your server.
open the file that you want to edit. open the content editing panel. select the text blocks. adjust the size of a text block. click and drag the cursor over a line to change the position. hold shift and click on a horizontal or vertical line to move the cursor. hold the shift key and click to drag the text block to the desired position. change font attributes as desired.
draw a circle. draw an equilateral triangle. draw a straight line across the center of the circle. place the circular object over the line segment. trace an arc. draw the sides of the triangle.
gain experience in the industry. decide on your niche. research other promotion companies. write a business plan. set up a budget. get a business license. register your company. purchase equipment. build a professional network. hire contractors. create a website and social media presence. update your social media profiles regularly. create business cards and promotional materials. create promotional materials for your events. market your company to the public. create an online presence. advertise your promotion company. keep track of your growth.
teach your child to express his or her feelings. stick to a consistent routine with your child. start an inspiration journal. take your child on adventures together. encourage your kid to pursue his interests. help your child develop a sense of mastery. teach your child how to be grateful. find a child therapist for your child if necessary. talk to your child's doctor about medication. consider enrolling your child in psychotherapy. encourage healthy eating and exercise. encourage good sleep habits.
be aware of the benefits of eco-travel. use the internet to find eco-friendly vacation opportunities. ask about the quality of the places you want to stay at or visit.
wear comfortable clothes. don't sit on a couch. turn on the lights. get plenty of sleep. drink coffee. eat spicy foods. eat sugar. chew with your mouth open. drink lots of water. keep moving. play games. keep yourself occupied. listen to loud music. don’t look at the clock. talk to your friends. have a conversation. play a board game. read a book or magazine. get a good night's sleep the night before. get to know the host of the sleepover. make sure you're not too tired to sleep. get some rest. eat a healthy breakfast. go to the bathroom before you go to bed. stay in bed. go back to your room when you wake up.
consider other options. determine how much cash you need. decide if you need an immediate annuity or a deferred annuity. consider converting your defer annuity to an immediate one. collect cash from your immediate annuit. check your surrender period. determine if you have the opportunity to sell your annuity for cash. determine whether you need to withdraw early. determine the amount of money you will pay in taxes and fees. finished.
determine where the light is coming from. note the quality of the light. adjust the exposure. change the contrast between highlights and shadows. experiment with front and back lighting. try back-lit photos. use side lighting. use reflectors or a flash to fill in shadows. use diffuser light. shoot at the right time of day. use clouds. use the sun. shoot in the dark. shoot from the ground. shoot with a tripod. shoot indoors.
visit the avast antivirus website. download the antivirus. double click on the download button. select a download option. click the download file button. save the file. open the downloaded avast file. install avast. open avast on your computer. go to the site blocking tab. click “manage site blocking”. , click the “add a site to block” button. , select “avast.cnet” from the list of options. click on “choose a website to block.” , enter the url of the site you want blocked. , test your blocked site.
remove loose food with tongs or pliers. inspect the drain again. use a plunger to pull up stuck material. run the disposal again to see if it’s unclogged. plunge the sink hole. run water through the drain and test your disposal again.
eat healthy. get enough sleep. get 150 minutes of physical activity every week. make sure you’re comfortable in your own skin. use your physical energy wisely. listen to your gut. don’t second-guess yourself. stop comparing yourself to others. stop worrying about what others are thinking. take responsibility for your actions. take care of your mental health.
contact potential sponsors. meet with someone who has influence over the outcome. arrange a meeting. deliver your pitch effectively.
determine the dimensions of your rectangular prism. draw two rectangles. cut out two more rectangles from heavy construction paper. sketch and cut out more rectangle. tape the rectangles together. fold the rectangle into a strip. attach all four sides of the rectangle. repeat with the remaining sides. measure and cut the final rectangle. attach the final sides to the shape. cut and tape the final edges of the prism. assemble the final shape. tape on the final piece of paper. add any finishing touches. finished.
think about why your friend's facebook friend bothers you so much. decide whether you want to talk to your friend in person or over the internet. tell your friend that you would like to talk in person. explain why you want your friend to stop doing what he or she is doing. ask to see your friend again in person if the behavior doesn't change. unfriend your friend if you feel that the behavior has not changed in any way.
calculate the amount of money you will have to pay out. list the common stock as a debit for the par value. list additional paid-in capital. write in the constructive retirement method.
fasten the cuffs. choose the right cuff for a formal occasion. wear french cuffs with a black or white tie. wear cuff links with a tuxedo or a suit. wear cuffs links to draw attention to your smart shirt. finished.
navigate to the blackberry app world website. tap on “app world” from the main menu. , search for the app you want to download. tap “download” to download the app.
understand the role of an agent. determine if a durable power of attorney is needed. get the agreement of the person who may need to turn over decision-making rights. talk to your loved one. make sure the person is mentally sound. get adult guardianship, if necessary. understand why someone may need power of attorneys. choose an agent for health care decisions. choose someone to control finances. understand the background of the agent. get a copy of a living will. fill out the forms. file the forms with the appropriate court. have the forms notarized by the court.
download the sender sort extension from the google store. launch sender sort from your chrome web browser. open your gmail account. allow sender sort to access your emails. wait for your emails to sync with sender sort. click on the "sender sort" tab to open sender sort by sender. archive your messages. be patient with your archived messages.
dab the wine stain with cool water. lay the shirt flat on a table or counter. sprinkle salt over the stain. let the salt sit on the stain for five minutes. remove the salt and rinse the shirt.
use a british style toilet. put some paper in the toilet. push the lever at the bottom of the toilet down to flush. wait for the water to fill up and flush again.
know your medical profile. visit your doctor for a physical examination. have your doctor examine your foot. during the physical examination, the doctor will ask the patient to take a few steps to show him how he is feeling in his foot, he will also ask him to place his foot on a flat surface and hold it there for a few minutes. after the physical exam, your doctor will give you some kind of treatment for your pain.
wash your hair two to three times a week. use a silicone-free shampoo. massage your scalp. condition your hair every day. deep condition the ends of your hair.
groom your siberian cat regularly. keep the cat cool. bathe the cat often. take good care of the cat's nails and teeth. watch for signs of digestive problems. feed the cat a high-quality food. maintain a healthy weight for the cat, if necessary.
open your iphone’s settings. scroll down and tap icloud. tap photos. slide “icloud photo sharing” to the “on” position. tap “share photo albums”. open the photos app. tap the sharing tab. tap "share an album". tap the "share" button. enter a name for the album. select contacts to share the album with. select the contacts you want to send the album to. select "done.", tap the album name. select photos to add. tap a photo to add it to the gallery. select all photos to share.
acknowledge what’s bothering you. identify any recurring problems in the relationship. take a critical look at your own behavior. make a plan for change. talk to the other person. use “i” statements to express your feelings. empathize with the other people. avoid using the word “but”, “not,” and “should”. set realistic expectations. take responsibility for your actions.
determine if your floor is waxed. screen the floor with a sanding screen. avoid sanding too heavily. hire an experienced contractor for serious repairs or repairs.
bring your guinea pigs indoors. keep them in the shade. avoid the shed or garage. avoid direct sunlight. cover the windows. provide plenty of water. provide more than one water source. provide vegetables. use air conditioners. use cold items to keep the air cool. keep an eye on your long haired guinea pig. make sure your short haired pig is well groomed. provide a place to hide. use a damp cloth to cover the inside of the cage. rinse the food bowl with cold water after each use. trimming the coat if desired.
conjugate "j'aurai" to talk about what you will have in the future. use "aura" to address one person. conjugate "avoir" to refer to something that will have a gender. say "nous aurons" to describe what you and another person will have. use the second-person plural vous to talk to a group of people or groups.
ssauté the vegetables. sauté the celery, onions, carrots and bell pepper. add the garlic. cook the stock and tomatoes. stir in the cabbage. serve the soup.
write your letter in the proper tone. practice writing your letter out loud. make your letter legible. proofread your letter. read your letter from the end to the beginning, one line at a time.
understand the basics of investing. choose between mutual funds and etfs. choose a broker. invest over time. understand the benefits of compound investing. know that you can earn compound interest. know the risks of investing too much. know when to diversify. diversify your portfolio. invest in a diversifying stock market. consider investing in a mutual fund. consider an exchange traded fund (etfs).
ggather your ingredients. wash your produce. remove the skins, seeds, and pits. cut your produce into manageable pieces. assemble your juicer. feed the produce into the feed chute. puree the ingredients in a blender. mix the juice. serve the juice immediately. add vegetables to your juice. add fruit and vegetables for a sweeter flavor. add herbs and spices for a more complex flavor. make a fruit and vegetable smoothie. drink the juice straight from the jar. store the juice in the refrigerator.
learn about nonverbal communication. understand the importance of non-verbal communication in interpersonal communication. practice warm body language. be aware of nonverbal norms in your culture. understand gender differences in communication. regulate your emotions appropriately. think about your communication strategies. use direct messages. use indirect messages. practice active listening. use body language to express your emotions. use nonverbal cues to communicate your thoughts and feelings. communicate with your body. use your voice to communicate with others. use touch to express yourself. use eye contact to express emotion. use facial expressions to express happiness. use hand gestures to express sadness. use physical touch.
determine if you want help for your marriage, or just individual counseling. read your health insurance contract. know what your insurance covers. decide who’s in the room when you see the counselor. ask your insurance company if they cover v61.1. decide whether you want to be given a diagnosis of a mental disorder. look for a better plan if you need it.
line a microwave-safe plate with 4 layers of paper towels. lay the bacon on top of the paper towels and place them in the microwave. place the bacon pieces on the plate. cover the bacon with another paper towel. microwave the bacon for 4 minutes on high. remove the bacon from the microwave and place it on a bacon tray. let the bacon sit for 1 - 2 minutes.
open your iphone's settings. scroll down and tap general. tap accessibility. , scroll down to the third group of options and tap restrictions. , tap content. , slide the button next to region restrictions to the "on" position. tap your new region.
search for adoption agencies. decide what type of child you want to adopt. talk to agency staff. research the challenges of single parenting. ask for support from family and friends. assess your financial situation. consider becoming a foster parent. complete an adoption application. submit your application. get a background check. complete the required background checks. receive your child's birth certificate. meet with a caseworker. receive a court order for your child.
choose a ready-to-use formula. choose a powdered formula. select a Concentrated liquid formula. pick a hydrolyzed formula if your baby has digestive problems or allergies.
make the beak of the cap. cut out two beak pieces of orange felt. cut two circles out of black felt. glue the circles to the crown portion of the duck cap. add two white pom-poms. attach the rest of your beak. trace out the feet of your shoes. cut the feet out. fold the feet in half and cut them out. attach a strip of velcro to the bottom of each foot. glue on a pair of socks. fill the cylinder with poly-filfill. stuff the pants with white sweatshirt stuffing. add the pants to the cylinder. fill in the pants. put on the cap and gloves. put the cap on the duck. add a hat. add gloves. add facial makeup. add accessories, if desired. finished.
massage your hands. apply lotion to the palm of one hand. massage from the wrist to the fingertips. finished.
increase your intake of vitamin c. vitamin c is an antioxidant. take probiotics. get more zinc. take vitamin e. vitamin e is a powerful antioxidant. avoid foods that increase inflammation. quit smoking. reduce your risk of cardiovascular disease. take a multivitamin supplement. eat foods rich in omega-3 fatty acids. get plenty of vitamin d. vitamin d is an important nutrient for your immune system. get enough vitamin e from your diet. get your vitamin d from your supplements. take your vitamin e supplements. talk to your doctor about taking vitamin e-rich foods. consider taking a vitamin e supplement.
check state law. understand the definition of "antique firearm" in your state. talk to a state government agency. determine if you need a license. consider getting a curios and relics license. find a reputable seller. make sure your antique firearm is in good working order. check the gun's serial number. have the gun inspected by a licensed firearms examiner. get the firearm inspected by the atf. have your firearm inspected. get a certificate of authenticity. get your gun inspected. pay the required fees. receive your license.
go to the envoy’s path. select the bonuses and abilities you want to unlock. confirm.
use your natural respiratory pause. practice shooting in the prone position. improve your follow through. use a shooting sling to keep steady.
understand the object of the game. understand the role of the dice. know who is playing. know how many people are playing. pick the players who will play at the head table. assign players to the middle and head tables. assign a person to the “losing” table. gather the items for each table. finished.
gather your materials. begin wrapping your yarn. arrange your strands. add your glue. hang your design. cut the yarn at angles. hang and enjoy your finished product.
know what bacteria are. prevent bacterial infections. know when to call the doctor. seek immediate medical attention in an emergency situation.
talk to your friends about high school. make sure your friends know that you are open to making new friends. find out who your classmates are. get to know your classmates. prepare yourself for the first day. stay calm. be confident. be true to yourself. sleep well. get on a healthy diet. eat healthy. stay clean. take care of your body. have good hygiene. get organized. have a good social life. get involved in your community. join a sports team or club. do well in school. get a good night's sleep. make a list of things to do before school starts. relax.
put on your shirt. put on your pants. fasten your belt. tuck the sides of the shirt. check your gig line. do a standard tuck if you're having trouble. pull the shirt away from your body slightly. fold the shirt back in on itself. button your pants again. know that most dress shirts are designed to be tucked-in. know when to un-tuck. know how to do a military tuck. learn how to tuck in a dress shirt. know what not to do. know which tucks to avoid. finished.
go to the tribeca film festival website to see when tickets go on sale. decide if you want to buy tickets in the afternoon or in the evening. check to see if the box office hours are different for matinees and evening shows. ask if you can book your tickets online or over the phone. choose the method of payment that works best for you. purchase your tickets and enjoy your film festival!
conduct a nationwide search. research the area. sign up for job mailing lists. ask friends and family for recommendations. join a professional association. use online networking sites. reach out to companies in your target area. talk to career advisers. acquire local contact information. create a resume and cover letter. follow up with a phone call. be honest about your reasons for moving. show your commitment to the region. show that you're willing to relocate for the right reasons. be prepared to relocate quickly.
bring the chicken stock, garlic, and ginger to a simmer. strain and season the stock. add the mushrooms and reduce the heat. heat a cast iron skillet. cook the chicken until it’s cooked through. stir-fry the spinach and cook it until it is wilted. stir in the zucchini and cook the noodles until they are tender. divide the zoodles into bowls and add the chicken and greens. top the bowls with the broth, noodles, and oil and serve.
visit a driving rehabilitation specialist. talk to your doctor or primary care doctor. rule out other causes of arm pain. discuss treatment options with your doctor if the pain doesn’t go.
visualize yourself succeeding. pay attention to your body language. dress well. focus on the good things in your life. tell others about your accomplishments. share your accomplishments with others. be kind to yourself. forgive yourself when you make a mistake. encourage yourself.
go to the start menu and click on the apple menu. , select "control panel" from the list of options. go to activity monitor. note down all of the output information. delete advanced mac cleaner from your computer. delete the advanced mac cleaner service files manually. remove advanced maccleaner from startup.
cut off 1/4 of a loaf of bread. process the bread in a food processor. toast the breadcrumbs in a skillet. season with salt and let the bread cool.
remove the old drywall. consider decoupling. insulate the ceiling. install floating ceiling joists. install furring channel and sound clips. position the channels. install sound clips through the hat channel. install drywall sections.
take inspiration from the beachy, preppy look of emma watson, rachel biel and lauren conrad. gather your supplies. apply the eyeshadow. apply eyeliner. apply blush/powder to the apples of your cheeks. apply lip-color to your lips with your fingers. apply a light pink or rosy color to your hair with a wide-toothed brush. apply mascara to your face and neck with a soft brush. , finished. finished.
wait for the nail to grow back. don't mess with the nail. put a band-aid on the nail during the day and let it breathe at night. wear the right shoes. consider getting an acrylic overlay done.
create a marketing plan that includes the following elements: self-promotion. keep the following in mind when creating your marketing plan for academic promotion.
get the correct receipt or stub. contact the issuer. track the money order online. track a physical package. call the issuer's customer service number. file a lost or stolen money order inquiry with the usps or western union. wait for compensation or replacement.
level up. battle in regular mode. understand ranked battles. choose the right gear and weapons. look good!
find a professional speech-language pathologist. choose the type of training you want to take. schedule a phone consultation. have your slp evaluate your speech patterns. set goals for your accent modification. continue to practice with your new accent until you’re comfortable with the sounds of your new dialect.
grate the zucchini. squeeze out the excess water. combine the zUCchini with the egg, breadcrumbs, garlic, cheese, basil and seasonings. press the mixture into the meatballs. preheat the oven to 350 degrees fahrenheit (180 degrees celsius). arrange the meatball mixture on a baking sheet. brush the tops with oil. bake for 15-20 minutes. alternatively, pan fry them. simmer the meat balls. serve them with sauce. make italian-style meatballs for a party. make vegetarian-friendly meatball.
attattend self-help groups. ask a sober buddy to join you. know when to walk away. don’t beat yourself up if necessary.
brush your teeth. take a shower. exercise. wash your face. eat healthy. style your hair. study. do your homework. pay attention in class. listen to your teacher. don't curse. do not smoke and do drugs. if you have to watch tv, don't watch it, it's just bad for your health and will make you look like a loser. , don't listen to music that has drugs, drugs, or alcohol in it, because it's all bad for you.
let go of outer attachments. let go of suffering. long for a correct life. love all beings. dissolve inner tension. make peace with yourself and with the world. work for a world of love and peace. sacrifice your ego for the sake of god. sacrifice the right amount of self-sacrifice. sacrifice in the right way. live in the light.
choose a grow box. clear out the room. make the room dark. make your walls and ceiling reflective. choose the right type of lights. get a hood and ballast for your lights. set up a fan to circulate air around your plants. use a humidifier or humidifier to control humidity and heat. keep your plants well hydrated. water your plants every two to three days. fertilize your plants once a week. harvest your plants when they are at their peak height. harvest the crop when it is ready. store your marijuana in a cool, dark place.
turn on your xbox one. go to the "system and app store.", search for the "xbox video app.", enable play to streaming. select the video file you want to stream. select "play to" from the menu.
talk to your airline. check if you can bring the dog on the plane. have the dog inspected by an airport veterinarian. contact your state animal health officials to finalize the adoption process.
use this method for both straightening and curling wigs. take the wig out of the dryer and let it air dry. fill a pot with hot water and bring it to a boil. remove the wig from the pot and place it on a towel to cool. brush the wig with a soft-bristled brush. repeat the process until the hair is completely straight. use a hair straightener to curl the wig. re-curl the wig if necessary.
determine whether you need general liability insurance for your business. determine whether your business has a high level of risk for injury from your products. find out if you need liability insurance to protect your business from errors and omissions. decide whether you want commercial property insurance. decide if you want an all-risk or peril-specific policy on your property.
add a little volumizing spray to your hair before you straighten it. use a silicone based serum. use hairspray. know when to stop straightening and when to let your hair dry.
give your dog a treat. get your dog's attention. make sure your dog knows how to sit. teach your dog to sit pretty. master the trick. show your friends and family your dog.
tense your muscles. try deep breathing. practice mindfulness. consider alternative medicine. make lifestyle changes that will help you deal with anxiety.
get to jfkf airport. find your way to the nearest airtrain terminal. obtain a map of the airport. board the airtrain. , wait for the train to arrive at your stop. pay the fare. decide where you want to go. if you are going to take the subway from either of the two main stations, you must make a choice about where to transfer to. once you arrive at either of these two stations, make your choice about how you would like to get to the city. you can either take the mta subway into manhattan, new york city, or you can take the long island railroad into nassau, long island, Queens, new jersey, or manhattan from either station.
assess your stuff. start packing your stuff in advance. ask your friends to help you move. pack your car. pack the truck. unpack your furniture. get ready for your new home. make a list of everything you'll need before you leave.
play the song through the fire and flames. do the synth part. beat the solo. do all of the long notes. do a guitar fill. do another guitar fill and beat the chorus. do some insane skills to beat the rest of the song. beat through the flames.
be mindful for as long as you can. practice mindfulness every day. try different mindfulness techniques.
consider the fact that life in any form and the eye have highly interdependent, interdependent systems. consider that the eye and the brain are interdependent and interdependent. consider the following questions: if the eye did not “come about” exactly at the same moment as the retinal nerves network did, then the eye wouldn’t be able to see. consider whether the eye has all of the necessary functions and functions required to exist according to the logic of evolution. consider how evolution could not work like this according to logic of origin.
open microsoft excel. , type in your custom list entry. click the cell you want to edit. , click the edit tab. , hover your mouse over a cell. click on the handle icon. click "add to sheet". click "save changes."
read the content over and over again. remove most of the original diction. describe the content in your own words. cite the original text. restate the main point in one or two sentences. watch out for sentences that are poorly constructed and confusing. make sure you include all the necessary details. change the structure of your sentences and paragraphs. use a unique voice. avoid plagiarism by using adverbs and adverbs in your paraphrasing.
cleanse your face. apply the toner. use the “clear” product. exfoliate your skin with exfoderm®. lighten your skin using blender®. hydrate your face with hydrate™. use sunscreen. use other products which can be used in conjunction with the obagi nu-derm® system. use healthy skin protection products.
find 1v1 players. set up the game. choose a map. learn the maps. learn how to trickshot. keep track of your win/loss.
cut out the junk food. go for whole, complex carbs. eat more fruits and veggies. eat good fats. drink lots of water. eat three meals a day. make a plan. work out. do cardio. do strength training. get enough sleep. get a good night's sleep every night. don't skip meals. drink plenty of fluids. exercise regularly. get plenty of rest. get rid of stress.
cut down on empty calories and fat heavy foods. create weekly meal plans. limit your consumption of alcohol and other substances. avoid using herbal products made of plant oils. eat hormone-enhanced meat and dairy products. avoid certain medications if you are already on them.
think about your own experiences with controlling people in your life. look for signs of moodiness. watch out for temper outbursts. ask questions. don't give in to their demands. be assertive and assertive, but don't be aggressive. be firm and firm in your boundaries. set boundaries. be clear about what you want and don't want. take responsibility for your own actions. be a good listener. take care of your own needs. take some time for yourself. find a support system. seek professional help if needed.
choose a brow pencil that is one to two shades lighter than your natural hair color. use a spoolie that is no more than two to three shades darker than your hair color, depending on your hair type. hold the pencil in your hand like you would a pencil. use light, feathering strokes to fill in your brows with the pencil. apply the pencil color to your brow using light strokes. finish with a brow wax or gel, if desired. finished.
apply an over-the-counter cream. treat scalp ringworm. make a garlic paste. apply coconut oil to the rash.
determine the elements of your claim. choose the right court. draft your complaint. fill out the complaint. add your allegations. file your complaint with the clerk of court. have the defendant served. wait for the defendant's answer. participate in discovery. consider any settlement offers. appear on your court date. present your case. receive the judge's decision.
think about how you do your job. look at your job in a different way. try to visualize how you would do the job if you were someone walking in the door. break the job down into smaller steps, and try to figure out how to do each step by step. don't be afraid to make changes. finished.
choose between a piano and a digital keyboard. decide on the size of your piano. decide if you want a beginner piano or a grand piano. choose a finish. consider how the piano will look with your other furniture. compare prices. set aside money for the piano.
decide what type of entertainer you want to be. research the children's market. obtain the necessary licenses and permits. obtain insurance. purchase supplies. attend a children's entertainment training school. decide where you will work as a children’s entertainer. get a contract. create a portfolio. gain experience. advertise your services on the internet. be aware that there is a lot of competition for children's entertainers in the market. remember that the best will always be the best and the most experienced will be the most successful. finished.
understand the risks of swimming in natural bodies of water. swim with a lifeguard. be aware of riptides and rip currents. wear a life jacket if you are swimming in a body of water with no lifeguard present. test the depth of the water before entering it. be very cautious if you find yourself in a river or stream with a fast moving current. swim diagonally to the shore if necessary.
acquire a level 20 farming. travel to one of the allotment patches. rake the patch. add compost to the patch (optional). plant 3 dandelion seeds. water the patch, when needed. harvest the dandelions after 80 minutes and 40 minutes of planting.
look at the ingredients label. check for the words "live and active cultures". look for calcium-rich yogurts. check the sugar content. look for fruit on the label. be careful with low-fat yogurt. avoid heat-treated yogurt. choose greek yogurt for a protein boost. go for skyr yogurt for high protein and calcium. choose plain yogurt for flavor. add natural flavorings.
warm up and practice regularly. memorize the song. learn the basic rhythm. understand the song's parts. practice playing the song at half the tempo you want to play it at. play the song with a full band. practice improvising over the original song.
find a pair of skinny jeans that fit you well. draw a line on the inside of your jeans to show how tight you want them to be. lay out your jeans on a flat surface. thread your sewing machine with the right thread. sew your jeans together. try on your jeans. wash your jeans and cut them up.
cut the crust into a square shape. place the crust on a cutting board. fry the center part of the crust in the frying pan. crack the eggs into the crust rings. remove the egg from the crust and eat.
think about why they lie. consider whether they're trying to gain sympathy. listen for repeated stories. think about how they answer questions. consider how they interact with you. listen to what they say to others. notice how they react to being caught in a lie. look for signs of a mental disorder. determine if the liar has a history of lying. determine whether you can trust the liar. find out if the pathological liar has lied to you before. talk to someone you trust. seek professional help if you need it.
take a writing class. get mentored. write a spec. don’t be discouraged if you don't get a job right away. avoid soap soap soap tropes. enter writing contests. study the television bible. write for a variety of shows. create your own content. create a portfolio of your best work. network with other writers in your field. create an online presence for yourself. network up with other soap soap writers. join a writers’ network. get an entry-level job at a television station. apply for jobs at other television stations. be willing to work long hours. be prepared for a long commute.
remove the headset from the phone. take the headset off. , remove the battery. put the headset back in the phone case.
use homes. use superman helps every one. use map of the great lakes. use the name moshe as a reminder.
reduce your chances of developing bacterial vaginitis. reduce your risk of getting a throat infection. be aware of your risk for pneumonia. protect yourself from aspiration pneumonia. prevent your child from getting a middle ear infection. prevent ear infections in children. reduce the risk of otitis by avoiding exposure to water. prevent bacterial infections from occurring.
mix your seltzer water and juices. add simple syrup to taste and sweeten. serve with ice and lime wedges. refrigerate.
cut your maltese's hair. use a tear stain remover. determine if your dog has tear stains. pluck your dog's ears with ear powder. get your dog used to the idea of grooming before a grooming session.
give your bangs a trim. smooth out the bangs with your fingers. use a curling iron or straightening iron. wash your hair regularly.
take deep breaths. try a new activity. listen to soothing music. attend therapy. try exposure therapy. consider biofeedback therapy. ask your doctor about medical causes. learn about common causes of panic disorder. join a support group. recognize that you are not alone. talk to a doctor about your symptoms. recognize the signs and symptoms of panic attacks. identify the symptoms of a panic attack. recognize symptoms of other panic disorders.
look for changes to your tortoise's eating habits. pay attention to changes in mood or behavior. look for signs of infection. take your pet to the veterinarian. discuss the diagnosis with your veterinarian. follow your veterinarian's suggestions for treatment. make sure your home is clean and well-kept. talk to your vet about your pet's diet. assess your torto's health on a regular basis. be aware that stomatitis can transfer from one tortoise to another.
keep the skin under your breasts dry. stop using certain products. buy the right bra. wear clothing made out of cotton fabrics.
check the menu before you go. ask questions about the food. limit your alcohol intake. pack healthy snacks. indulge in a treat once per day. eat three meals a day, with healthy snacks in between.
visit a shelter or rescue center. look for signs of anxiety or fear. play with the dog. test the dog’s temperament first.
understand how to calculate your car's fuel consumption. set your trip odometer to zero. record your "final mileage" on the odometer. fill up your tank with gas and record how many gallons/liters you used to fill it up. write down the total number of miles you drove on that tank of gas. try this problem with a real life.
wash with warm or lukewarm water. limit your bathing time. wash with a gentle body wash. exfoliate your skin two to three times a week.
take care of your teeth and mouth. take a shower every day. get rid of any acne or pimples on your face. have a good morning and afternoon routine. take good care of yourself at night. don't be afraid to ask for help when you need it. be kind to your body. be nice to your friends and family. have fun! finished.
hire an agent. post a video on social media. respond to online ads for tv commercial casting calls and auditions.
do not compare the infant to earlier-born children. do not express your concerns through your treatment of the infant. be aware of developmental lags in the infant's development. be patient with the infant, but do not overdo it. be calm and relaxed around the baby. try not to let your emotions get in the way of your baby's life. provide a good social life for your child. take full responsibility for your own actions. keep an eye on the attitudes of other parents, siblings, grandparents and other relatives. allow the child to become independent. be a good role model for the child. give your child plenty of attention and love. be consistent with your child's education. be positive and patient with yourself.
read the summons and complaint. consider consulting an attorney. evaluate the coach's allegations. fill out the appropriate court form. sign and date your answer. file your answer with the clerk of court. appear in court on the date and time scheduled. present your defenses. listen to the plaintiff's side of the story. receive the judge's decision. consider any settlement offers. consider filing an appeal.
start with a deep conditioner. apply waving lotion to your hair. use a neutralizer to loosen the perm. dry your hair with a blow dryer with a diffuser. do not get your hair re permed. try a canola oil treatment. use coconut oil to repair the damaged hair. avoid improper application of hair products. avoid using a straightening iron. avoid straightening your hair too soon after a perm. wash your hair every other day. avoid heat styling your hair for at least a week after the first perm. protect your hair from the elements of a bad perm. get a second perm if the first one doesn’t work.
choose the beans that you want to grow. choose an object to grow the beans on. choose the cotton that you will use for growing the beans. soak the cotton in water. spread the cotton over the surface of the plastic cup or plate. place the seeds on top of the cotton. dig a hole in the soil, about 1 centimeter (0.3 in) deep. , place the cotton seeds in the hole. water the cotton regularly. wait for the sprouts to sprout. bury the cotton and seeds.
breathe deeply. spend time in the sun. touch a loved one. call a trusted friend. exercise. listen to calming music. have a cup of tea. make a "worry time" every day. take a deep breath. do something you enjoy. distract yourself with something positive. get some sleep. get rid of the things that make you anxious. take some time to think about your worries. talk to a therapist. try progressive muscle relaxation techniques. try cognitive behavioral behavioral therapy. consider cognitive behavioral therapy (cbt). consider medication.
invest in a home alarm. lock your doors and windows. remove valuables from the end of your driveway. keep your lights on. don't leave your garage door open. keep the deadbolt on your car door closed at all times. keep a lock on your house door. , keep your windows closed at night. , use a deadbolt lock on all windows and doors. , lock your garage doors. lock the doors to your car and your house. , if you have a garage, lock the door to your garage with a dead bolt lock. lock up your pool, pool, and/or pool doors. turn off the lights in your house and garage. keep all your keys in a safe place. if you can't keep a key in your home, keep it at a neighbor's house. use a secure code for your phone. keep valuable items out of sight, out of mind, and out of the way of the eye of anyone who may want to get a hold of what you have. never give out valuable items to strangers.
know how to deadhead your perennials. keep an eye on the perennials' growth. divide perennials regularly. keep the soil in the garden well-drained and well-mulched. fertilize the garden every spring, summer and fall. keep pests and pests out of the garden by keeping an eye out for pests and other pests that may be affecting the health of perennials, such as aphids, whiteflies and whiteflies. , maintain a good relationship with the garden soil.
go to 4shared’s landing page. log into your 4shared account. go to the folder where the new folder will be created. create a new folder. go inside the folder. upload your files. select the files to upload. upload the files. view your files in 4shared. select files to download. download a file. find the download page. download the file. finished.
determine your ipad's model number. remove the ipad from its case. locate the model number on the back of the ipod. know the current model numbers for each version. use your model number to determine the size and type of specific items. open settings. tap general. tap about. scroll down and tap software. tap version. tap model.
go to https://www.facebook.com in a web browser. , log in to your facebook account. click groups. click the group you want to change the privacy settings for. click ⚙️. click settings. click privacy. click save.
wash the cutting board and set the chicken on it. separate the skin from the neck of the chicken. remove the wing bone and meat from the skin. repeat the process with the other wing. cut the skin free along the breast, thigh, and back. cut away the skin in the middle of the back area. cut off the skin at the end of the thigh meat. remove each thigh at the hip joint. pull the skin off of the thighs. discard the skin as you go. finished.
preheat the oven to 350°f (175°c). cook the macaroni in boiling water. grate the cheese and put it into a saucepan. toss the pasta with the cheese, salt, pepper, and milk. spread the pasta and milk over the baking sheet. sprinkle the cheese over the top. bake the pasta for 15 minutes. finished.
cut the citrus into small pieces. fill the ice cube tray with the citrus pieces. place the tray in the freezer. remove the tray from the freezer and remove the cubes from the tray. dispose of the cubes immediately. make a mixture of baking soda and water. pour the mixture into a glass of water.
install proximity alarms in all office buildings. install proximity alarms on all office computers. place the proximity alarm receivers in a central location in the office building.
llocate the nearest nlrb regional office. obtain the appropriate form. identify the alleged unfair labor practice. fill out your charge form. file your charge. serve the other party. cooperate with the investigation. attend the administrative law hearing.
use your browser’s incognito feature. go invisible in a chat application. sign out of the chat application completely.
tilt the furniture backward so that one person moves the top and the other person carries the bottom. lift the furniture with your thighs. move a chair through doors and corners. take the legs off of furniture before you move it. remove the books from a bookcase before moving it. hire a moving company if you can’t move.
go to the bank and buy some money. , use it to earn money.
create a ridge-line. lay the tarp over the ridge- line. fasten the bottom section of the tarps to the ground. finished.
inform your male spouse or partner that the toilet seat needs to be put down every time they find the seat up. tell them why it's important to put the seat down. remind them to put down the lid when flushing the toilet. if you have children in the house, tell them to always put the toilet lid down when they use it. use technology to your advantage. finished.
change the time on the 12-hour analog watch. advance the day by rotating the hour hand. set the date on the 24-hour.
create the variables you want to use in your function template. create a template for your function. write a function template for the function.
get an idea of what the salary is going to be. look at the quality of the company. consider the company's ethics. think about what you can afford. compare the salary to other jobs you've had. consider all the costs. consider other benefits. don't take being overpaid too seriously. consider how the job will use your skills. decide how much work you want to put in. consider who the boss is. consider if the job is a good fit for your personality. ask yourself if you can make the job worth it. make a list of pros and cons. make sure you have the time to do the job. talk to your friends and family. ask the employer about their offer. accept the job offer.
go to http://www.mcpatcher.com/. click on the "mods" tab. , search for the mod you want to install. click the "download" button next to the mod name. double-click the downloaded file to open it. right-click on the downloaded folder. click on "browse" to open the folder containing the mod files. click "open" to view the files within the mod. select the mod from the list of files. select "install" to install the mod in minecraft. click .play.
be consistent. set aside time for your child. practice self-care. provide a sense of safety. respond with empathy. encourage your child to learn.
begin with the author’s last name. add the title of the book. include the edition of the publication. add in the name of the editor, if there was an editor. put in the city of publication. put the publisher name after the publisher. finish with the year of publication, publisher, and page number. use footnotes if necessary.
use a flash memory card to copy the files to a compatible electronic device such as a flash card, flash drive, or dvd flash drive. review the results.
preheat the oven to 350 degrees fahrenheit (180 degrees celsius). prepare a baking dish. place a towel or silicone mat on the bottom of the oven. place your food in the large container. add water. bake. remove the bain marie.
preheat the grill to medium-high heat. , prepare the lemon juice. place the florets in a large bowl. add the olive oil to the frying pan. , add the lemon. serve. finished.
learn more about food addiction. write down your food addiction issues. make a plan to stop eating fast food and stick to it. make sure your plan is long-term, not a diet plan.
consider your approach. explain the dangers of texting while driving. let them know you will be watching them while they text. tell them how texting can affect their health. explain how texting affects their grades and appearance. let your teen know they are a part of the decision-making process. come to the conversation prepared. set specific boundaries. offer specific consequences for breaking the rules. be clear about the consequences of ignoring the boundaries. set up a time limit on texting. make sure your teen knows when they can’t use the phone. be consistent and consistent.
take your dog to the veterinarian regularly. watch for signs of dental disease. take your dog's breath to the vet if it smells or tastes bad.
open the start menu and select "control panel". , click on the "internet" tab. , type in the ip address of your router. enter your username and password. restore factory defaults. reset your router settings.
visit the texas state board of education commission (sbec) website. log on to the sbec website. submit the necessary materials to the tea. pass a criminal background check. apply for a job as an elementary school teacher in texas. apply to multiple elementary schools.
do not fast if you’re trying to lose weight. don’t fast for more than a few days before an important event. avoid fasting before a big event. eat healthy, low-fat foods after fasting.
determine whether or not you are overweight. lose weight. aim to burn more calories than you consume. set specific goals. exercise regularly. eat plenty of fruits and vegetables. reduce your consumption of saturated fats. lower your salt intake. limit your alcohol consumption. eat foods high in omega-3 fatty acids. drink plenty of water. eat a balanced diet. get regular check-ups with your doctor. talk to your doctor about heart disease risk factors. consider medication.
clean your mower. lubricate the parts. top off the oil and gas. inspect the spark plugs. check the blades. replace the belts.
determine if the sunflowers are ready to harvest. tie a paper bag over the head of the sunflower. cut the flower heads off and prepare to harvest the seeds. wait for the back of the head to turn brown. place a brown paper bag on the head. remove the head from the bag. hang the head up to dry. store the seeds in an airtight container in a warm, dry place. collect the seeds when they begin to wilt. collect a handful of seeds at a time. place the seeds into an air-tight container. use the seeds as soon as possible.
relax your mind and body. appreciate the small things in life. take care of your body.
take your rat to the vet as soon as possible. house your paralyzed rat in a small cage. provide soft bedding and food and water. keep the cage clean and comfortable. be prepared for paralysis. separate the paralyzed rat from other rats, if necessary. keep an eye out for signs of infection. if the rat spends a lot of time lying still in one position, they will become more likely to get sores. if your rat has pneumonia, take them to the veterinarian immediately if they get pneumonia. if you have other health problems, take your rat back to the doctor if they develop a bladder infection or pneumonia in the first few weeks.
take it one day at a time. take power naps throughout the day. meditate in the mornings. wind down before bed. tell your family and friends. find a way to work or study that works for you. enjoy the peace of being a night owl. take advantage of the quiet. get enough sleep. eat a healthy, balanced diet. exercise regularly. avoid caffeine, alcohol, and caffeine. limit your caffeine intake. get plenty of sleep. avoid alcohol and caffeine consumption.
use a chart or reference manual. look at individual gemstone identification charts. check the stone's texture. look for a malleable stone. identify a synthetic stone. spot an imitation stone. check for signs of assembly. examine the color of the gemstone. look through the stone through a magnifying glass filter. check whether the stone is transparent or opaque. check if the stone has any inclusions. look closely at the shape of the stone. feel the stone to see if it feels soft. feel a stone's hardness. feel for a smoothness. check its hardness. finished.
pay attention to your sugar intake. read ingredient labels. avoid artificially sweetened drinks. try honey. use plant-based sweeteners. calculate your daily calorie intake. track your calories. pay attention to portion sizes and portion sizes. understand why artificial sweeteners cause weight gain. drink plenty of water. eat regular, small meals. avoid skipping meals. replace artificial sweetener with natural table sugar. eat foods high in fiber. eat a balanced diet. eat more fruits and vegetables. drink more water. exercise regularly. include regular strength training. get plenty of rest. quit smoking.
park the vehicle on level ground. open the hood. locate the clutch master cylinder. check the fluid level. check for leaks. purchase the correct type of brake fluid. tear the seal on the brake fluid container. pour brake fluid into the reservoir. remove any debris. inspect the lid for signs of damage. depress the clutch and check for air pockets. clean the clutch grime. replace the clutch fluid reservoir lid. check your vehicle’s brakes fluid levels. replace your clutch reservoir. perform a visual inspection of the system.
bake the cake. slice the cake into pieces. crumble the cake in a large mixing bowl. add the icing. refrigerate the mixture. scoop the mixture into balls. roll the cake balls. chill the balls. melt the chocolate. insert sticks into each cake ball. dip the cake ball into the melted chocolate. repeat with the rest. drizzle the raspberries on top. chill again. finished.
research the market. identify your target market. write a business plan. estimate the start-up costs. prepare the party hall for operation. check with the local government to make sure you are in compliance with local laws and regulations. design the interior of your party hall to suit the needs of your prospective customers. purchase or lease the necessary furnishings. hire a manager to manage the day-to-day operations of your new party hall. create an employment policy and procedure manual for your staff. advertise your new business by creating flyers, flyers, business cards, flyers and other promotional materials. , open your doors to the public for business operations.
play capture the flag. place one flag in the center of the playing field. try to reach the other team's base. play until one team wins.
set up the game board. decide if you want to play alone or in teams. set any special rules. set up the playing tokens. place the boxes of questions on the board. roll the die. move your token. answer the question. earn pie pieces when you earn all six pie pieces. move to the center. answer questions until you land on the center space. choose a category and answer the next question. roll again if you miss a question. keep playing until you get to the end of your turn.
practice saying “no” and “yes” to others. practice your non-verbal communication. practice power poses. use assertive language. practice in low-stress situations.
adopt a pet. help stray and feral cats. perform tnr services for stray/feral cats. set up a bird feeder. keep your yard free of pesticides and other harmful chemicals. vaccinate animals.
open up your image in photoshop or any other image editing program. , crop it. invert the image. make it as large as you want. load your ink prints into your printer. choose your transparency. print the image on the transparency paper. let the print dry. remove the print from the printer. cut the print-negative in half and place it in the darkroom. lay the cut-up image on top of the paper you want the new image to be printed on. set up your darkroom and set up the equipment you will need to make a contact print. turn on the light and set your exposure. take the print to the dark room and develop it.
choose a topic to present. choose a topic that is relevant to your class. memorize the topic. practice!, have someone else read your speech to you. look at the audience when you're giving your speech. don't be nervous, but don't act nervous.
wait until the mother will allow you to touch the puppies. use a digital scale. identify the puppies with a permanent marker. determine the breed of the puppy.
use a nonslip surface in the bathtub. place your dog in the tub. apply dog shampoo to your dog’s coat. rinse off the shampoo. dry your dog off with a towel gently.
seal the shed’s entrance. caulk windows, roof, and soffits. seal vents and other openings.
mix equal parts baking soda and dishwashing detergent in a small bowl. add a splash of lemon juice to the mixture. wet a washcloth with warm water. apply the mixture to the stain with the wet washcloth. let the mixture sit on the stain for five to ten minutes. rinse the stain off with cool water. pat your face dry with a clean towel and pat it dry with paper towel.
know what causes blood pressure to rise. purchase a manual pump cuff monitor. position the cuff around your arm. inflate the cuff with the hand pump. turn the air release valve on the cuff. listen for the first beat and deflate slowly.
gather your supplies. take your ingredients. mix the petroleum jelly and the sugar together. add the scrub to the mixture. take a paper towel, and rub the mixture all over your lips for one to two minutes. repeat the process a second time. rinse off the scrub with warm water. finished.
open google translate. go to the web page you want to translate. copy the url. paste the url into the text field. wait for google to detect the language. select the language from the list. click the blue “translate” button to translate the page.
pay insertion fees for each item you list for sale on ebay. add listing upgrades to your listings. upload extra photos to your listing for free. set a reserve price for each listing. pay final value fee credits on every listing that is sold. use ebay stores.
pick the right moment. avoid generalizations. explain why you understand why they love their phone. tell them how their phone obsession makes you feel.
maintain a civil and cordial relationship. avoid using your child as a go between. be consistent. give your child time to adjust.
research the dentists in your area. decide how much you want to spend on advertising. , look at the advertising of other dentists around you. buy an ad in a local newspaper. send out a press release inviting the media to your grand opening. buy door hangers and place them around your neighborhood. place an advertisement in the local paper. market your business online. network with other local businesses and organizations. volunteer outside of your office. consider giving away business cards to your current and former customers.
prepare. clear the area. stand in front of a full-length mirror. choose your music. start with a song you like. move to the music. pay attention to the parts of your body that need to move. move with the rhythm of the music, not against it. pay close attention to your own body language. vary the speed and intensity of your movements. watch yourself in a mirror to get an idea of how you move. watch other people moving to get ideas. mix and match the styles of belly dancing with the style of ballet, if you'd like. don't be afraid to mix it up a bit, especially if it's your first time.
assess the validity of the syllogism’s premises and conclusion. look for affirmative or negative premises. watch out for conditional syllogisms. look out for the fallacy of the “indistributed middle” or “ illicit minor”.
visit the animal care website. gather information. decide if you want to report anonymously. find the appropriate government agency. write down your memories of the incident. gather other people’s contact information. take pictures or video of the abuse. keep copies of medical reports.
choose an area to become a celebrity in. work at your chosen field. be creative. study the work of other celebrities. find a mentor. create your idealized version of yourself. market yourself. create an image for yourself. make a website. create a social media presence. get involved in the media. be a good role model. be well-known in your community. make friends in the community. be friendly to everyone you meet. have a good sense of humor. be kind to everyone. be prepared for rejection. be willing to work hard and be patient.
open your iphone's settings. go to the "browsing history" section. select the sites you want to delete. finished.
download efficientpim. install the program. run it. if you want to test it, then click the "use evaluation version" button at the bottom of the window. , register to the program or test it for free.
decorate your carnival. use posters. use 70's movies and actors. use tv- shows. make a flyer. make posters. make flyers. make t-shirts. use videocassettes. use songs of 70's. dress-code. make sure that everyone is clean and tidy. have a lot of food and drinks. , make sure you have lots of games and games for kids to play. , if you want to, you can make a free-for-all carnival, but it's better to make it a school-wide one, so that everyone can have a chance to play and have a good time. , don't forget to have fun and let everyone have a great time, no matter what time of year it is. , you can also have a free dance competition, but don't make it too big or too small. , enjoy!
go to the bubblews website. log into your bubblews account. find the post that you want to share. click on the “share” and “tweet” buttons. share the post on facebook. tweet the post. recommend the article on google+. share on linkedin. share on tumblr. click “done” at the bottom of the pop-up.
visit the recycling center of the national recycling center, which is located at http://www.recycle.gov/recycle/index.php. , find a bottle cap dealer that sells used bottle caps. visit a craft store. check with bottling companies. go to bars and cafes. look for recycled caps.
find a replacement material. clean the speaker cone. measure the hole in the cone. cut a patch. polish the patch. apply the patch to the hole. press the patch in place. check the edges of the patch for smoothness. clean up.
wind down before bedtime. avoid caffeine and other stimulants for 6 hours before bed. don’t exercise for 3-4 hours. turn off electronics. keep it dark. stick to it.
decide on the clothes to be sorted into categories. decide on how to hang the clothes. choose a drawer or shelf to hold the clothes in. place the clothes on the shelf or drawer so that they can be easily removed from the bottom of the drawer. , choose a place to sort the clothes according to size. , sort by category. , separate the clothes by color and style. , divide the clothes into piles by size and color. , arrange the clothes so that each category has a place for each type of item. , organize the piles in a way that maximizes shelf space. , use a bin for small items. use a multi-tie rack for belts and suspenders. keep clothes in separate queues. separate clothes that can be worn more than once. arrange clothes in different areas to air out. organize the washing and folding of the clothes as you go through them.
pay with your credit card. pay with a western union or bank wire payment. don't ask for a money back guarantee. buy from a trustworthy company. buy a full stainless steel watch. avoid buying a waterproof watch. do not buy a 'swiss' or 'japanese' replica watch. ask for an actual photo of the watch before you buy it. never buy a watch that is shipped from china or any other country.
open the uber app. tap ☰. tap the trip you want to report. , review the details of the trip. scroll down to the bottom of the screen. file a report.
accept that it’s all in the mind. cultivate a healthier self-image. embrace your baldness. choose a style that makes you feel confident. get a haircut. take care of your hair. maintain a healthy diet. get plenty of sleep. exercise regularly. eat a healthy, well-balanced diet. avoid alcohol and tobacco. get regular check-ups. see a mental health professional.
launch opera. go to the left sidebar. click on settings. select “privacy”. click “show advanced settings” from the menu. click the “cookies” tab. select how you want to accept cookies. uncheck “delete cookies”
make a coffee table from crates. use a wooden pallet to make a table. use an old wooden door as a table top. add a window to an old window. turn a vintage suitcase into a tabletop. use reclaimed wood for a base. repurpose an old coffee table you already have to make it look new.
learn as much as you can about the surgery. talk to the doctor about any potential complications. discuss accommodations for your child in the hospital. avoid scheduling the surgery on a week that's busy for you or your child. make sure your child's non-work obligations are taken care of. talk with your child about what to expect during the recovery period. prepare your child for after-surgery care. be prepared for the possibility of a long recovery time. know what to do if your child is in severe pain. know how to care for yourself after the surgery is over.
consult your doctor or dermatologist. understand how hydrogen peroxide works. choose the right type of cream or liquid. wash your face with gentle soap and water. dry your face. soak your skin in the mixture. apply a moisturizer to your skin.
download and install dbpoweramp music converter. run the program. select a file to convert. click the “lame” button. adjust the quality settings. choose a save location. click “convert” to begin the conversion process.
determine the reason for the name change. complete a petition for change of name. sign the petition in the presence of a notary public. file the petition with the court clerk. change the child's name on all necessary documents. notify the child of the change.
wash your face. wash your face with warm water. put 2 tablespoons of olive oil into a blender. add 2 tablespoons each of vitamin e and vitamin c. put in a few drops of essential oil. add in 2 drops of baking soda. blend it all together. apply it to your face and neck. rinse it off with cool water.
open regedit. find the software you want to hide. rename the file. save the file as displayname. confirm that the program is hidden.
close doors. hang plastic drop cloths around the area being renovated. ventilate the dust outside. lay down drop cloth or tarps over flooring. use dust collection bags and water cooling systems on tools. turn off the heating and cooling system. do not cut wood or tile outdoors unless it is a power saw.
donate money. host an event to raise awareness. volunteer to help refugees once they arrive.
turn on the computer. start the computer from your recovery drive or the installation dvd. reboot the computer and perform a startup repair. perform a system recovery. call the manufacturer if the previous steps didn’t work. reinstall the operating system completely.
put your hair in a ponytail and secure it with a hairband. tease your ponytail with a comb. pull your pony tail into a fishtail. divide the ponytail into two sections. wrap one section of hair around the base of the hairband and twist it. wrap the other section around the center of your head. tuck in the ends of the bun. finish the look.
find a quiet place to study. take frequent breaks. finish all of your work. keep your work neat and organized. don't procrastinate. bring your homework to class. enjoy class. feel confident in your ability to do well in class. observe other students in the class. be organized. eat a good breakfast. review your notes. take notes in class and/or at home. if you don't know what you are going to learn, ask your teacher to explain it to you. ask a friend or family member to help you. get help if you are having trouble with a subject that you are struggling with. ask for help when you need it. ask your parents or teachers for help if needed.
play the game "pat a cake, pat a cake". say the first line of the poem. clap your hands as you say the second line. continue to clap and pat your thighs. say the third line. finish the poem with the last line. play the game over and over again. make the game more challenging.
go to tumblr. find a layout maker. click on the layout maker, and choose your layout. choose the size. choose your columns. save your changes.
write a final draft. proofread your letter for spelling and grammar errors. have someone else read the letter.
prepare your child in advance. explain the procedure to your child. prepare your child for the iv. talk to the nurse about the contrast dye. answer your child’s questions. give your child time to think about their fears. help your child relax.
remember that age is just a number. look forward to each day. read a book. meet new people. learn to use a computer. take care of your health. exercise. move your body. live in the present. keep your mind active. keep up with the times. talk to people. think positively. go to a museum or a flower show. go dancing. get involved in your community. start a new career.
preheat the oven to 350 degrees fahrenheit (180 degrees celsius). cream the butter and sugar in a large bowl. add the milk and vanilla extract to the cream mixture. pour in the fruit juice. separate the colored cream into separate bowls. add glitter to each bowl. freeze the ice cream for 1 hour. , remove from the freezer. , serve. finished. , finished.
identify the variable and equation. divide the variable by the denominator. cancel the coefficient or fraction. balance both sides of the equation. check your answer.
remove your fish from the tank. transfer your fish to a clean container. remove all plants and decorations from your tank. rinse the water from your fish tank. run the water through a colander. spread the gravel over the bottom of the tank and refill the tank with water.
gather your ingredients. peel and chop the tomatoes. combine the tomatoes, green chilis, jalapeños, onion, garlic, and spices in a saucepan. bring the ingredients to a boil. remove the salsa from the heat and allow it to cool. sterilize the canning jars. pour the salsa into the sterilized jars. tighten the lids. boil the jars in a large pot of water. allow the jars to cool for 15 to 25 minutes. check that the jars are sealed. use the jars immediately or store them.
ask your clan leaders to start a war. start a new war. open the war map. view enemy clan’s bases. scout the enemy base.
combine the sugar and water in a pitcher. mix in the juice and fruit. add the fruit, if desired. strain the fruit over the lemonade. refrigerate until ready to serve.
understand what triggers migraines. keep a migraine journal. write down your warning signs. learn to cope with triggers you can control. avoid trigger foods. talk to your doctor about your medications. avoid light triggers. avoid noise triggers. get enough sleep. reduce stress. take over-the-counter pain relievers. consider acupuncture. try cognitive behavioral therapy. try aromatherapy. try hypnosis. try acupuncture. consider infrared therapy. consider massage therapy. see a mental health professional.
make as little noise as possible. if you have to run, don't make a lot of noise. find a place to hide. don't hide in a closet. hide under a bed, in a cupboard, under a table, or in a dog cage. keep your voice quiet if you're talking to an emergency dispatcher.
learn which holes can bend notes. practice lip or tongue blocking. practice vocalizing a single note. develop an instinct for bending notes.
study your home. don't leave your door unlocked. keep your doors locked. never leave your balcony door open. lock your garage doors. change your locks. leave lights on at all times. leave packages on the back porch. keep drapes closed. report suspicious activity to the police. put lights at all entry points to your house. install an alarm system. do not leave a spare key lying around your home, especially if you don't know where it is. if you have a dog, make sure it doesn't bark. keep spare keys out of the house. invest in a good security system such as a burglar alarm system and a good burglar detector. , install storm windows. put a safe in your home and keep it well-lit. finished.
open the facebook app on your mobile device. tap the menu (android) or ⋮ (ios) button. tap "settings.", tap "accounts". tap "security.", scroll down and tap "deactivate my account.", enter your password. scroll down to find the deactivate button. fill out the form. log in again.
understand what pst files are. download and install an outlook pst repair program. open your pst file's location. load your outlook file. click "repair" to fix up your old file. drop the repaired file next to the broken one. add the new file to your account settings.
don’t panic if the ink comes off on its own. use makeup to cover up the remaining ink. avoid getting ink poisoning.
recognize that tearing is a cosmetic problem. wipe away the eye goop. soak the eye crust with boiled water. consider using a stain-removing product cautiously.
add the positive signs. add the negative signs together. multiply the result by the sum of the two negative signs.
use lemon juice in the shower. use lemon juice to highlight your hair with a brush.
acquire a level 20 farming. travel to one of the allotment patches. rake the patch. add compost to the patch (optional). plant 1 yarrow seed. water the patch, when needed. harvest the yarrow after 80 minutes of planting.
invest in chinese bonds. invest in corporate bonds. buy chinese government bonds. consider investing in emerging market bond funds. understand the risks of investing in china bonds. be aware of the economic risks.
read each request carefully. search for the document or object requested. gather responsive documents. consider hiring an e-discovery vendor. check the deadline for responding. find a form. format your own document. identify the request. identify what you have to respond to. explain why you are turning over the document. provide additional information. sign your document. make copies of your response. file your response with the court. serve the other side. file a motion for summary judgment. participate in discovery. attend your hearing, if necessary.
understand what asexuality is. know the different terms. understand the difference between abstinence and celibacy. know what being asexual doesn’t mean. learn about the different types of romantic relationships. know that dating an asexual person is always about getting to know them. understand that asexual people can engage in romantic relationships, too. talk to your asexual partner about boundaries early on. be open to exploring your partner’s sexual desires. recognize that not everyone is interested in a sexual relationship. don't be afraid to ask questions. be aware of the role of religion and spirituality in asexual relationships. understand how a sexual orientation can affect your relationship. know how to recognize signs of abuse or abuse. recognize the role that religion can play in the relationship. consider your own sexuality.
apply aloe vera gel. use black tea. use honey. make a turmeric powder paste. use baking soda. use salt water. apply tea tree oil to the fat lip if it is associated with a cut or injury.
take extra vitamins. increase your vitamin c intake. vitamin c can help boost your immune system and prevent colds. boost your vitamin d levels. eat foods rich in zinc to boost immunity.
be aware that boys with low self esteem often have a hard time expressing their emotions. listen to your son. appreciate your son's interests. help your son to see his strengths. understand that boys who have low selfesteem are often seen as weak, weak and weak. find out what he likes to do. encourage him to try new things. help him to see himself in a positive light. don't be surprised if your son struggles with some aspects of his life. think about your own self esteem and how you think of yourself as well.
decide what type of flute you want to purchase. learn how to assemble the flute. learn to blow!, learn to travel!, learn the keys. learn the notes. learn some scales. learn a few scales. practice playing scales!, learn some flute scales. play some scales!, play a few solos. play a flute solo. play with a band. play flute solos with a group. play an instrument for yourself. play for others. take flute lessons. finished.
recognize the symptoms of the common cold. treat the symptoms. know when to see a doctor for severe or life-threatening.
identify an improper fraction. find the denominator of the fraction. identify the numerator of your fraction. divide each whole into quarters. shade in the fractions. write down the whole number of whole circles you shaded in. write the fraction part of your mixed number next to your whole number. reduce the fraction if necessary to reach your final answer. finished. , finished.
apply a heat pack or ice pack to reduce swelling. take over-the-counter painkillers. wear shock-absorbent insoles or knee pads. wear a brace or a patella strap. consider surgery only in the most severe cases. wait until your child’s adolescent growth spurt to see any improvement in symptoms.
go to https://www.facebook.com in a web browser. log into your facebook account. find the post you want to copy. hover over the date. double-click the post’s url. click the address bar. click copy. right-click paste. paste the url.
look at the situation from the other person's point of view. don't take it personally if they won't change their mind. remind yourself that you can't change them. learn to recognize when you are being too judgmental.
use a free javascript program. use an app. use a sound softwares. get a professional sound program if you're serious.
wait for the price to drop. go to thrift stores. do your research. don't buy a game just because you want to play it. shop online.
wipe the disc with isopropyl alcohol. use a microfiber cloth to wipe the disc. wipe from the center of the disc to the edge. rotate the disc and wipe again from the edge to the center. let the disc dry in a well-ventilated area.
stop bullying. stand up to bullies. join an anti-bullying campaign at your school or start one.
mmelt 2 tbsp (30 ml) of butter in a large skillet. sprinkle the steak with salt and pepper. brown the steaks. melt the rest of the butter in the skillet. sauté the onion and garlic. mix in the remaining sauce ingredients. bring the mixture to a boil. cover and cook for 60 to 90 minutes. remove the steak from the skillet and serve immediately. finished.
place your crossbow on a flat surface, such as a hardwood or concrete surface. set the crossbow down on the ground. choose your cocking ropes. put the middle of the cocking rope in the groove in the bowstring. locate the barrel groove on the bowstrings. place the two cocking hooks on either side of the barrel. pull on both ends of the rope with the open end of the hook. keep pulling on the ropes until you hear 2-3 sharp clicks. turn on the safety feature. place your fletching in the barrel, and secure the bolt. squeeze the trigger as you exhale. aim the crossbows at your target, and fire. wax the bow string with bowstring wax every few shots after each shot.
determine the type of beans you want to dry. choose a drying location. prepare the beans for drying. dry green, snap, string, or wax beans. steam the beans. remove the beans from the rack or basket. spread the beans on drying trays. finished.
substitute water-rich ingredients for water-soluble ingredients. use whole-wheat ingredients. substitute fats for saturated fats. use reduced-fat ingredients. reduce the amount of sugar in a recipe. read the recipe to see how it was prepared.
understand what a prenuptial agreement is. consider your own financial situation. consider the needs of children from previous marriages. think about your own business. hire your own attorney. talk to your partner about your finances. start the conversation early. be honest with each other. discuss the terms of the agreement with your partner. make sure the agreement is legally enforceable. include a provision for child support. include provisions for spousal support. consider adding a non-compete clause. include an indemnity clause. consider including a choice of law provision. add a severability clause. add an indemnification clause. insert a merger clause. provide for a severance clause. create a signature block. include boilerplate provisions. add signature blocks. include signatures. sign and date the agreement. keep the agreement in writing.
eat fruits and vegetables that are high in omega-3 fatty acids and fats.
consider using an open source game engine. consider using a game framework. consider creating your own framework. use an integrated development environment (ide). choose a programming language. plan your game. create the graphics. write a script. design the level. design your environment. create your characters. create a story. create an outline. write the code. test the game. build the engine. test your engine. publish your game on the internet. publish the game on a website. publish it to an online game maker. market your game online.
open the start menu and select "run as". type .vbs into the run box. save the file as a text file. name the file. open the file and save it where you want it to be. run the script. send the script to a friend or family member. open your task manager. select the "processes" or "details" tab. click the "stop process" option. click "ok" when you're ready to stop the light show.
rinse your mouth with cool water. apply pressure with a piece of gauze. apply a cold compress.
decide who you want to go with. choose your friends. pick a movie. choose a film. decide what to eat. make your decision. choose the cinema. decide whether you want 2d or 3d. decide when to go. get there early. turn off your phone. if you're bored, then you're probably not the only one who is. enjoy the film!, if you don't like the film, then don't watch it again. , if you do like the movie, then watch the next one.
buy rare items on rare mondays. use rares for add ons. use den betas. beware.
preheat your oven to 350°f (177°c) and line a baking dish with parchment paper. prepare the rhubarb. mix together the sugar, brown sugar, cornstarch, and cinnamon in a mixing bowl. spread the mixture into the bottom of the baking dish. stir together the flour, sugar, quick-cooking oats, cinnamon, and salt in a separate bowl. blend the butter until it turns into a coarse crumbly texture. pour the butter mixture over the flour mixture, then spread it into the dish. bake the crumble for 30 to 60 minutes. allow the crumble to cool before you take it out of the oven, then serve it.
don't worry about what other people think of you. don't try to change who you are just because you're shy. try flirting a little bit. be mysterious. be a good listener. be good at what you do. try to be a "good student" or "good athlete."
apply the foundation on the blemishes or acne scars. use bronzing powder instead of eyeshadow. apply a light coat of bronzed powder on your eyelids. apply the eyeshadows and mascara as usual. finished.
listen to some music. watch a movie. take a picture of something you like. read a book. buy a new book. make something for someone you love. wave at a car. play with your friends. go for a walk. go swimming. work out in the garden. spend time with the birds. draw or write. draw. paint. do crafts. take pictures of yourself. make a cake. bake a cake for a friend or family member.
find an adoption agency in your area. search online for herding dog adoption agencies. talk to friends or family who own rescue dogs. consider australian cattle dogs. think about a kelpie if you have a large home. consider an australgian shepherd if you want a loyal, intelligent, and energetic pet. consider a border collie if you are looking for an outdoors dog. look for a japanese border coller if you need an intelligent, loyal, and high energy pet. adopt a purebred.
apply the pre-shampoo treatment to your hair. leave the treatment on your hair for the recommended amount of time. wash your hair as usual. condition your hair with a rinse out conditioner. repeat once per week or twice a week, depending on your specific hair type.
write out your speech. rehearse beforehand. get a good night's sleep the night before. find a quiet, secluded place to give the speech. pay attention to your breathing. remind yourself that you're doing this for the right reasons. finished.
do the goblet squat hold. do the figure 4 stretch. do deep squat stands. do a front-to-back hip flexor stretch. try boat pose to stretch your hips and glutes.
make modifications to their living environment. help your loved one avoid taking drastic measures. distract them from their delusions. respond empathetically to delusions. watch for signs of a psychotic episode. prepare for a psychosis episode. help them feel safe. listen to them. encourage them to get treatment. help with the transition to a new home. find a support group.
develop a business plan. contact the small business administration. talk to a financial professional. contact local government offices. research local regulations. create business projections. determine your start-up costs. secure funding. choose a location. obtain necessary licenses and permits. purchase necessary equipment. hire employees. set up a website and social media presence. advertise your business. create a marketing plan. create an online presence. build relationships with potential customers. develop a marketing strategy. hire a marketing team. market your auto body shop.
dig hellevators. find a biome that you like. get the right gear. summon the wall of flesh. fight the Hungry. kill the hungry. destroy the hungry with your night's edge or your sunfury. kill it with your flamarang or your flaming pickaxe. collect the loot. go to the corruption/crimson biome. find the hallow. destroy demon altars. mine cobalt/palladium and mine mythril/orichalcum. enjoy your hardmode!
leave your bird’s cage outside. set a trap. take your bird to a vet if you can’t find it.
scrub the stained area with isopropyl alcohol. scrape off as much of the paint as you can. wash the clothing in the washing machine. dry the clothing and repeat the process if you can’t remove the stain.
understand the difference between constants and variables. add up the values of the coefficients of the variables. know that you can't add or subtract coefficients of two variables.
recognize when it’s happening. analyze the situation. take some time to calm down. focus on something else. try to see the other person's perspective. talk to someone you trust. have a discussion with the person. practice mindfulness. practice self-care. practice positive self-talk. get help from a therapist or therapist. join a support group. find a support system. seek professional help if needed.
go to https://www.facebook.com in a web browser. go to the page where you want to comment. click the downward-pointing arrow. click comment as a page. type your comment. press ↵ enter.
measure your windshield wiper blades. pull the old wiper out of the windshield. remove the old rubber wiper blade from the lower arm of the wiper. insert the new wiper into the lower wiper arm. replace the old blade with the new one. repeat the process for the other side. check your windshield wipers for signs of wear and tear. look for streaks of water on your windshield when driving.
ask for feedback. seek feedback from people you work with. ask for feedback from those below you. implement the feedback you receive. be honest about your work. close your door more often. prioritize your tasks. limit the time you spend on tasks that are time-wasters. alternate between tasks. keep a log of your time at work.
drink lots of water. eat healthy foods. keep a food and exercise journal. don't worry about the scale on the scale. eat breakfast every day. talk to your friends and family about your weight loss goals. take pictures of your progress, and post them on social media sites like facebook, instagram, and instagram.
talk to your parent’s medical professional. help your parent find a healthy and effective way to reduce their alcohol consumption. check assisted living policies. do not force your parent to stop drinking. find an alternative way to get your parent home. keep your parent safe when you host a family get-together. arrange for an intervention if your parent refuses to get help.
find the video you want to download. right-click on the video and select “open link”. copy the url of the video. visit a private video downloader. click the download button next to the text field. choose the quality of the download. save the download link. open google chrome. go to the facebook page with the video in your browser. click on the menu button (☰). click the “tools” button. select the drop-down menu and click “view all” in the list of categories. select �.mp4” from the list. play the video from start to finish. open the link in a new tab. save it.
keep a safe distance from the car in front of you. use the low revs first. change gears quickly. slow down. avoid excessive acceleration and braking. keep your tires properly inflated. rotate your tires regularly. don’t idle. turn the engine off when you’re stopped. avoid piling things on top of your car. keep the windows down. use a sun reflector. maintain your engine. convert your car to a hybrid. drive less. use your car only when you need it. use gas sparingly. use air fresheners. consider leasing a fuel-efficient car.
form a "pop-up employee association" to eliminate non-competes under the nlrra. form or join a union.
give your child lots of attention and affection. create a routine. be a role model for your child. talk to your child in a positive way. tell your child how happy you are to be with them. keep a calm home life. put their needs first. lead by example. love your child unconditionally. treat your child as an individual. let them have a childhood that is all about them. make a wall.
invest in a mutual fund or etf. invest through an online brokerage firm. use an online investment platform.
make sure you meet the requirements. gather the necessary documentation. fill out an application or write a letter of request. pay the application fee. send your application to the bureau of vital statistics. wait for the copy of the birth certificate.
learn the object of the game. roll the die. take your turn. move up or down ladders. slide or climb snakes or chutes. roll sixes to get an extra turn. roll too high to win. let people roll higher than 100. play with two game pieces. start the game on square one. make your own variations. make the game more challenging. add more information to the board. add a twist to the rules. add in some trivia.
add fiber-rich foods to your diet. try a three-day fast. take a fiber supplement. drink plenty of water. eat prunes. eat a banana. avoid foods that are high in sugar and fat. reduce your alcohol and caffeine intake. exercise regularly. get plenty of rest and sleep.
chain 150 to 175 stitches. single crochet all along the foundation chain. make a turning chain. crochet the second row. continue crocheting rows until your blanket is as long as you want it to be. finish your blanket. finished.
watch as many films as you can. make your own films. learn to act. read other people’s scripts. go to film school. get a job as a production assistant. network in the industry. create a portfolio. get an agent. get some experience directing. start your own production company. find your niche. find a mentor. create your first film. get to know other directors. keep up with the industry trends.
prepare soft foods. have a friend drive you home. plan to stay home from work. have gauze and pain relievers on hand. set up a comfortable home environment. schedule visits with friends and family. ask your dentist about what to expect. ask about general anaesthesia. ask if you need suppressive anaesthetic. find out if you’re eligible for anesthesia. learn about the risks of anesthesia. be aware of the side effects of surgery. understand the complications of oral surgery. know when to see your dentist.
inspect the area around the plant to see if there are any peanuts on the ground. look for peanut pods on the plant. watch for the pods to start turning brown. make sure that the soil around the pods is dry before harvesting them.
rinse your hair with warm water. apply tomato juice to your hair. rinse out the tomato juice. let your hair air dry. finished.
understand the breeding process. recognize the signs of potbellied pigs coming into heat. spay your female pig. vaccinate your female and male pigs. introduce the female pig to the boar. make sure the pigs are up to date on their vaccinations. understand the risks of line breeding. know the gestation period. move the female to a farrowing, birthing area. set up the farrowing area for the mother and babies. provide a heat source. provide the mother pig with a comfortable place to rest. monitor the delivery of the babies. observe the birth of the piglets. check for birth defects. watch the babies for signs of a potential birth defect.
search for an online vision test. determine which test is right for you. read and follow the setup instructions. use a wireless mouse.
open up the animal you want to change the color of. click on the button with your animal's face on it. select the "paint" color. type in the color you want your animal to be in. press the "ok" button to save your new color. finished.
decide what type of books you would like to read. search your house. ask your family and friends. go to local bookstores. read the bestseller lists. join a book club. check your local library to see if your school has a book section. go into the library and look at the books that are on the shelves. go through the books you have on the shelf. go back to your friend or family member and ask him/her if he/she has any recommendations for books that you might like. start reading the first chapter of a book. put the books back in your pile. ask friends and family members what they recommend. check out e-books on sites like amazon and amazon.com. visit your school or library and check out their e-book section. finished.
make an egg white mask. use green tea. eat a healthy diet. use argan oil on your skin and body.
preheat the oven to 350 degrees fahrenheit (180 degrees celsius). , make the mustard sauce. season the chicken. place the chicken in the oven. remove the chicken from the oven and serve. finished.
gather the things you need. wash your face. apply a moisturizing cream. apply foundation. apply some white eyeliner to the lower lid of the first eye. apply white mascara to the upper lid. apply an electric blue eyeshadow to the inner part of your lid. get a shimmery light blue shadow and apply it to the center of the lid. next, get a dark blue shadow that is slightly lighter than your skin color. apply the same eyeshadows to the other eye. add some eyeliner. apply mascara to your eyelashes. apply blush to your cheeks. get some vaseline and put it on your lips. apply more vaseline to your lips and leave it on for a few minutes. , finish it off.
try to get close to his friend. try to walk with him. talk to him when you see him in class. try talking to him on the phone. say hi to him in the mornings when you run into him. say hello to him. make sure he is interested in you. if you have a friend with you, then introduce them to him, and he might start talking to you as well. if he says yes to you, say something like, "i want to go to the fair with you. go on facebook or twitter and ask him if he has a facebook or instagram account. when you're on your phone, say, "hey, can i talk to you on thephone?", if he doesn't have a cell phone, ask him, "can i call you?", if you don't hear back from him right away, then ask him on facebook, twitter, or facebook.
talk to your optometrist. close your eyes and apply light pressure to your eyes. try palming your eyes with your hands. massage your face. do the thumb hitchhiking exercise. try the giant pencil exercise. do a figure-8 exercise. perform a bar-eye test. do eye exercises to improve your balance and coordination. do an eyelid massage. try an eye exam. get a referral to an eye doctor. get your eyes checked regularly. get regular eye exams done.
stretch. choose two exercises to do. choose weights and exercises to use. choose a way to perform the exercises. choose the different exercises you will do. plan your workout plan. decide how many days a week you will work out and how long you will train for each day.
serve fun snack kabobs. offer flavored milk. try nut butters. add eggs to meatloaf and meatball recipes. finished.
find out if there are any existing theories. find out if the theory can be verified. , find out whether the theory is valid. , if it is not, then there are no existing theories that can be proven. , check to see if there is a scientific basis for the theory. , make sure the theory has been verified by a scientific authority. , be ready to defend your theory against counter-arguments. , prepare for criticism. be ready for counterattacks. , don't be afraid to admit that your theory may be wrong. , do not be afraid of criticism. don't try to solve every problem with your theory. be wary of super heroes and villains in comic books. keep it simple. take on a problem that is easy to solve. set up the equation: t1 - t2 = t1/t2. , solve the problem. , compare the two theories. note that t1 and t2 are very close to unity. remember that the slope of the x axis is the same, and the y axis is also the same. , call the slope m1. call the y/x. , multiply the two sides of the equation. multiply the left side by the right side. , remember that t2 is not the same as t1, and t1 is not equal to t2, but it is close enough to unity!, remember that there is no such thing as infinity, and that is why we call it infinity. , know that infinity is not absolute.
try on foundation at a store that offers tester strips. choose a lipstick that matches your skin tone. pick the right concealer. choose the right mascara.
purchase a concrete sealing kit. deep clean your countertops regularly. watch out for etching. wax your countertop monthly. finished.
travel to pandaria. go to paw'don village. find the small island at the north end of the city. walk over to the balloon. enter the portal and go to the island.
get the rocket boots. beat the goblin army event. go to the tinkerer's workshop. find an underground cabin. find the ingredients: in the underground cabin, you can find the following: in an underground jungle biome, find the hermes boots. make the recipe for the frostspark boots. use the ingredients to make the boots. , equip the boots with either the aglet or the Anklet. go back to your house and enjoy your boots.
talk to your family members ahead of time. plan after-dinner activities. don't put up with it. talk to family members who are causing trouble.
measure your ingredients. preheat the oven to 180ºc/350ºf. place the ingredients into a food processor. add the egg yolks to the food processor and pulse. remove the mixture from the processor. pour the sugar and water into a saucepan. whisk the egg whites in a mixer with a whisk attachment. fold in the icing sugar and the vanilla extract. transfer the meringue to a clean mixing bowl. pipe the macaroons onto the prepared baking trays. sprinkle the strawberry purée over the top of each macaron half. place in the preheated oven. remove from the oven and allow to cool. make the strawberry buttercream. fill the macarons. serve or store. enjoy and enjoy! , finished.
calculate the time you will need to run in the boston marathon to qualify. do a 5k (3.1 mile) run in under 19 minutes. consider your current fitness level. plan your training schedule. develop a training plan. stick to your training plan and stick to it. maintain your mental toughness. acclimate your body. get plenty of sleep. eat a healthy diet. drink plenty of water. get enough sleep. get a good night’s rest. eat the right foods. get the right amount of rest. stay hydrated. eat plenty of protein. drink lots of fluids. stay in shape. eat healthy foods. do not drink alcohol. stay away from drugs and alcohol. get to know your race day. be mentally prepared for the race. be ready to run your heart out. enjoy the experience. have fun!
put your trust in the lord. trust that he is always there for you. talk to him. ask him for help. trust him to change your situation. expect the unexpected. rejoice in your suffering. "rejoice in your sufferings, because suffering produces perseverance; perseverance produces character; and character is the fruit of the spirit. keep a journal. remember that god has a plan for your life. realize that god’s love is unconditional. celebrate in jesus christ. be happy that he loves you. be grateful. look at the beauty around you. understand that god is the creator of the universe and universe.
prepare the soil. water the soil thoroughly. cover the soil with a plastic sheet. leave the tarp on for 4-6 weeks. bake the soil in tin foil. choose your composting material. place the compost in a large container. add the compost to your compost bin. push the compost through a screen. add sand to your potting mix. add peat moss. add vermiculite or verbiculite. add perlite. add ph neutral earth. add organic matter. add composted compost to the mix. mix the mix well. water your plants. fertilize your plants regularly. water with a water-soluble fertilizer. apply a fertilizer to your plants once a month.
combine the flour and water in a small bowl. add the water and flour mixture to the sauce. bring the mixture to a boil. reduce the heat and simmer the sauce for a minute on low heat.
do range of motion and flexibility exercises. include aerobic exercise in your daily routine. do strength training exercises to strengthen your joints. do relaxation exercises to reduce the symptoms of fibromyalgia and to improve your overall health and well-being.
determine why you want to ignore your sibling. decide how much of a "silent treatment" you want. acknowledge your sibling when he or she tries to contact you. talk to your sibling about the issue.
brush and floss your teeth at least twice a day. use mouthwash. clean your tongue with a tongue cleaner or toothbrush. use an irrigator or water pick to get food particles out of your mouth after each meal. finished.
open the notes app on your ios device. upgrade your notes app. open the note you want to add a picture to. place your cursor where you want the picture to go. tap the camera button. select a picture. take a photo. add more photos to your note. combine photos with other media to create rich notes.
warm up your hands. hold the wand in the right hand. transfer energy from your dominant hand to the receiving hand. grip the wand.
choose healthy tortilla chips. skip the cheese. add fresh toppings. try beans. add spices. try guacamole instead of sour cream. try corn tortillas instead of flour tortillas.
use your non-dominant hand for everyday tasks. do wrist squeezes. use a golf club. try wrist circles. use resistance bands for wrist flexion and extensions. do a standing wrist curl. try a rice bath.
hold the neck of the balloon between your thumb and index finger and thumb of your dominant hand. slide the neck through the slot on the "knot me" tool. pull the neck up, over, and down to the other side of the tool. , release the balloon and tighten the knot.
recognize heat cramps. recognize heat exhaustion. know when to stop exercising. seek medical attention if your symptoms worsen. recognize the signs of heat stroke.
don’t ask him to hang out with his friends.if you want to be friends with a guy, you should ask him if he would like to spend time with you as friends, not as a potential love interest. avoid inviting him to a group event where other people are present. ask him out to do something specific. flirt with him the same way you would with your other friends. give him the option to say “no.” if he says no, accept his decision.
consider the following trig identities. set up a u-sub u=ln⁡(x){\displaystyle u=\ln(x)}. set up two binomials −dw2dw{\displaystyle -dw^{2}dw} and w=cos⁡ (u)=\cos(u). set up the integrand. substitute the binomial for w2w2{\display style w2} into the first binomial. solve for w3dw. substitute w4dw into the second binomial and w3w2 into the third binomial, and w4w=cos(w2) into the fourth binomial (w3). simplify the integralrand. define the term defined by a trig identity. define a trig function. find the known derivative of the trig function of the first term. define another trig function and set up an integrand for the second term. simplify the Integrand. set the integ rand. solve. simplify. simplify again. simplify to get a term with a known derivative. simplify and simplify. get the term with an unknown derivative. find another trig identity and set it up.
meet with a nutritionist. retrain your palate. follow a pre-op diet plan. eat more protein. track your food. learn how to eat with purpose.
exercise before you shower. put off showering until the last minute. enlist the help of a friend or family member. set an alarm on your phone to remind you to shower.
try evening primrose oil. take cohosh root. try pulsatilla or caulophyllum. consider other homeopathic remedies that can be used.
open gmail.com on your computer. click the contacts tab. check the box next to “export contacts.” this is at the top right corner of the screen. select contacts to export. select a format. download the file.
open snapchat. take a snap. tap and hold the shutter button. tap the save icon. tap ⁝. tap my snaps. tap all.tap the downward-facing arrow next to “share.” , select a sharing option.
open the command prompt. type start in command prompt and press ↵ enter. right-click the windows program files folder. type .net explorer.exe and press ⏎ return. find the path to the program files. open the program file. add a new file path using the setx command if desired.
remove all furniture from the room. remove the toilet, if necessary. tape off the area behind the toilet. lay down drop cloths to cover the floor and ceiling. paint the floor using a paintbrush. apply the first coat of paint to the walls. prime the walls, if desired. cut in the edges of the walls using a utility knife to cut in areas that are too close to the ceiling. apply a second layer of paint using a roller on the end of an extension pole. use a paint roller to apply the second coat. allow the paint to dry for the recommended amount of time. , apply a third and fourth coat, if needed, to complete the look of your bathroom. apply additional coats of paint as needed. finished.
make a t-chart. make a list of all the nice and mean things they do to you. record what they do when you meet them.
understand why you may be having wi-fi problems. troubleshoot a wi-Fi problem with simple fixes. connect to a wi/fi network. troubleshooting a wi–fi problem with the internet. troubles solving a wi-$fi problem while using the ipod touch. troublesolving a problem when using the iphone touch while connected to a wireless network.
click the apple menu and select "system preferences.", click the "applications" tab. select the portable app you want to download. click "download.", select a usb flash drive. plug your flash drive into a usb port on your computer. download the app to your usb drive. drag the portable application's file to the flash drive's icon. double-click the file to run the app. test the app out.
present your personal information. describe your financial situation. explain how you are meeting your financial needs. demonstrate your financial responsibility. explain the benefits of financial aid. thank the financial aid committee for consideration.
remind yourself that no good will come out of staying in an unhealthy relationship. don’t blame yourself. avoid getting back together. get support.
find a newsgroup server that works with your operating system. download a newsreader for your computer. sign up for an account with the newsgroup service. choose a subject for your newsgroup. click on the "newsgroups" tab on the server's home page. browse through the list of available newsgroups by subject. browse by subcategory or subgroup. search for newsgroups using the "search" function. click "join" to join a group. , enter your email address and password. click the "subscribe" or "subgroup" button to join the group.
keep your body language neutral. crack a joke. avoid yelling. use “i” statements. choose your battles with caution.
use a white-line setup. enclose the glass in a black photo box. place a background panel behind the glass. set up a diffuser or diffuser behind the light source. point your camera at the diffuser. shine the light through the background. take a picture.
find a seat. find the menu. choose what you want to eat. get the waiter's attention. wait for your food. check your order.
choose a theme and target audience. start from a personal place. identify the components of a devotional entry. choose a type of meditation or reflection. decide how many devotionals to include. pray for guidance. keep your entries short. focus on one theme at a time. use the senses of the senses to connect with your readers. avoid cliches and clichés. write in the language of the bible. write from the heart. keep it simple. keep the content clean and concise. avoid jargon and jargon. avoid wordiness. revise your work.
clean your bathroom. make your bed and clean your bedroom. clean the living room. tidy up the kitchen. clean your kitchen.if your kitchen is messy, you’ll need to do something about it.
get to know each other. commit to the relationship. follow through on your promises. talk often. communicate regularly. be honest and open. get to know her friends and family. give her space. check in with each other regularly. don't jump to conclusions. respect each other's boundaries. make sure you're both on the same page. communicate openly and honestly. be there for each other, even when you don't feel like it. make time for your partner's friends. spend time together. take care of yourself, too.
practice controlled breathing. practice mindfulness. try progressive muscle relaxation. exercise to calm your body. spend time with your pet. eat a healthy diet. avoid stimulants. don't dwell on what's bothering you. talk to others. find a comfortable place to be alone. distract yourself. take a deep breath. get enough sleep. avoid alcohol and drugs. exercise regularly. get plenty of exercise. practice relaxation techniques. practice deep breathing exercises. try meditation. get a massage. try aromatherapyapy. try yoga. try cognitive behavioral behavioral therapy (cbt).
get a good night’s sleep. manage your stress. avoid places that trigger your cravings. get help for severe cravings and addictions.
line the table with moss. use lace as a place mat. add woodland touches. add glitter. use bamboo utensils. cover the stools in red fabric and add white felt dots. finished.
try the “anti-inflammatory diet.” the anti- inflammatory diet is one of the most effective ways to prevent or control asthma. eat organic foods. cook from scratch. eat complex carbohydrates instead of simple carbohydrates. reduce the amount of added sugars in your diet. increase your fiber intake. eat more omega-3 fatty acids. avoid foods that are high in saturated fats. drink plenty of water. avoid caffeine, alcohol, caffeine, and tobacco.this is especially important if you are sensitive to alcohol, as these can increase your risk of developing asthma as well.
work out at least five days a week. consume the right amount of calories. eat a balanced diet. get a trainer who specializes in your area of focus.
recognize the signs and symptoms of nerve damage. make an appointment with your doctor if you are taking medications that can damage your nerves. seek emergency medical attention. talk to your doctor about medication.
decide if you want to sell locally or nationally. choose a website to list your car with. check the fees. set a price. research the car’s value. get the car inspected. make repairs. clean your car. take photographs. write a detailed description of the car. include important information about the vehicle. include the vehicle identification number (ein). include the year the car was made. list the car on the internet. post the ad. follow up with a letter of sale. negotiate with the buyer. finished.
exfoliate your lips. put on a light coat of lip balm. brush your teeth before applying your lipstick.
watch the episode of the music man. talk like him. learn his songs. drink apple juice. become a con artist. get a job in the con industry. dress like flim. learn to be an inventor. learn how to be a conartist. be confident. always look like you're having a good time, even when you're not. , be a good con artist, even if you don't feel like it. finished.
acknowledge your feelings. focus on what you can control. accept that death is a part of life. accept.
push your arm down into the mattress. roll closer to your partner. ask your partner to let you free your arm. wait it out and be patient.
be honest with your parents. spend time with them. make time for family time. tell them how much you appreciate them. be a happy person yourself. help out around the house. cook them a meal. do something nice for them. give them something they’ve always wanted. make them something you’re really grateful for. give your parents something to look forward to. don’t make them feel guilty. make sure they know how much they mean to you. do the little things that you can to make them happy. be there for them when they need it. be willing to listen to them. show them that you care about them. respect them.
decide on a story to write. plan out your pages. sketch out your story. choose your paper. cut a sheet of paper in half. cut slits into the paper for the tabs. create the illustrations. create more pages. add the text. color in the background. cut out the pages. glue the tabs to the back of each page. attach the pages back to back. repeat this pattern for the next three pages. fold the outer covers of the pages in half and glue them together. decorate the front of the book, if desired. glue on the cover. read the book to your child. finished.
gather the ingredients needed to make the drink. add the ingredients to the cocktail shaker. shake the ingredients together. , use the shaker on the glass. garnish the cocktail. serve and enjoy!
start with a sheet of white cardstock. trace the eyes onto the paper. draw a basic mask shape around the eyes. cut the mask out. attach the mask to your head. attach some elastic to the back of the mask. cut two ears out of paper. cut out the ears. glue the ears together. cover the flaps with glue. wrap the mask around the ear. trim away any excess flaps. roll the paper into a cone. flatten the cone, then cut slits into the edges. fold the cone in half lengthwise. cut a flap into each side of the cone. attach a flap to the underside of the muzzle. glue or tape the muzzle to the mask body. cut some orange or brown paper into circles. add some fringe to the eyes, if desired. glue some tissue to the bottom of the ears and nose. glue a strip of paper to the top of the nose. add the muzzle and eyes. add more tissue around the nose and mouth. finished.
purchase foxglove seed or seedlings. choose a sunny, well-drained spot. choose soil that drains well. rake the soil and add compost. dig holes in the soil. plant the seedlings in the holes. water the area well. mulch the area. stake tall plants. remove the central stalk if you live in a windy area. harvest the seeds in the spring if you don't want to plant them.
observe your friend’s relationship with food. look for signs of binge-eating. notice if your friend engages in compensatory behaviors after eating.
watch the anime series and read the manga to get a better understanding of kakashi's personality. act like him. be calm and aloof around people. don't show your eye. read a lot of books. be sporty. wear a mouth-covering all the time. never make a big deal out of nothing. be serious. be alert. be a perfectionist. always be prepared for everything. , always have a notebook and pen with you at all times. , if you want to hide something from people, you can wear a bandana around your neck and cover your mouth with a bandanna. , when fighting, always make sure that your opponent knows what you are doing. , don't talk about yourself in front of people unless they ask you why. , make sure to have a back-up plan if you get caught. , never talk about your personal life in public. be observant and a spy. finished.
learn some basic guitar skills. take guitar lessons. find the right format. learn the rules and basics. learn how to play a few scales on the guitar. listen to blues music. don't be discouraged if you don't feel like you can do it. remember jimi hendrix taught us to never give up, no matter how hard it gets you.
bounce on top of the trampoline. motion into a handstand. land on your knees. lean forward and flip.
combine the turkey, egg, bread crumbs, and seasonings. form the meatballs. layer the ingredients in the slow cooker. heat the oil. brown the meatball. add the meat balls and tomatoes. cook until tender. serve.
click the apple menu and select "system preferences.", click the show all button. click the "general" option. , click the accounts tab. , check the "facebook" box. click add account. check the box next to "facebook.", check the button next to the "contacts" box to enable or disable facebook contacts syncing.
learn about the history of the cumbia. learn the basics of the dance. learn how to dance with a candle. learn to dance as a man. dance as the man. finished.
visit the national do not call registry website. click register a phone number. enter your phone number and email address. wait for an email. be patient.
choose the type of tube you want to use. cut the end off the tube with a pair of sharp scissors. slide the balloon neck of the balloon onto the end of the tube. hold the balloon in one hand and hold the tube in the other with your free hand. , with your other hand, grip the balloon with your index finger and thumb, and with your thumb and index finger, push the balloon through the tube until you reach the desired tension, which should be about 1/4 to 1/2 an inch (0.6 to 1.3 cm) from the end. hold this tension in place for a few seconds, or until you feel the balloon snap back to its original position. finished.
go to the "startup screen". go to the applications. go to "gear". look at the settings. block, reboot or turn off the pc. click on the "task manager"  in the center of the screen. click the "ok" button to close the task manager menu.
take care of your skin. use make-up. try the "natural" look. go for the "smokey eye.", take care of the "long lashes.", keep your hair healthy. style your hair. wear clothes that make you feel good about yourself. wear makeup that makes you feel confident. get the right hairstyle. keep your nails looking good. wear the right clothes. be confident in yourself.
give yourself enough time to work on your personal statement. identify three characteristics that you want the admissions committee to remember. think about how you want to illustrate these three characteristics. determine if there is a theme or topic. read other people’s personal statements. create an outline. write a strong introduction. write the body of your statement. use your own voice. make sure that your statement meets the requirements of the application materials. avoid common mistakes in personal statement writing. read your statement out loud. proofread your statement before submitting it. submit your statement to the admissions committees.
turn your body towards him. smile whenever you can. touch him casually. mirror his body language and movements.
stand with your arms at your sides. hold a piece of wood in your dominant hand. measure the distance between your fingers and the base of the v-shape. round up to the next full inch (1.2 cm) as needed. select a pieceof wood. outline the shape of your sword on the wood. cut away excess wood. carve out the blade. shape the handle of the sword. cut out the handle. sand the wood to smooth it out. sand down the sides of the blade and handle. paint the sword with a paintbrush. paint and varnish your sword. add finishing touches. finished.
click on the apple menu. click on system preferences. , click on control panel. check the box next to "language & region.", click on language & region. , check the "language and region" box. click in the "region" drop-down menu. select the language you want to use. click the "ok" button.
be yourself. compliment the person. do something out of the ordinary. listen intently. give a memorable hook. move the conversation to a more interesting topic.
gather your supplies. cut your paper down to the correct size. fold each piece of paper in half. collate your paper. bind your signatures together. punch holes in the spines. thread your needle and beeswax. sew a hole on the outside of each signature. sew holes on the inside of your signatures. attach the pages to the spine. sew the pages together. glue the cover to the notebook. add a cover. add your title and your date. finished.
open up aim. click on the menu button (or just press f3) and select "options". , click on "edit options". , scroll down to the bottom of the page, and click "show advanced settings". , in the "advanced settings" section, click "add a new icon". , select the icon you want to add. , select "add icon" from the drop-down menu. , choose your desired icon. , click "save". , open up the settings menu again, and select the "expressions" tab. , make sure the "display all buddy icons" checkbox is checked. make sure your icon will accept the file from your computer as an icon. go to the "edit preferences" window. your icon should now be added to aim.
make sure the transmission is in park or neutral. inspect the key for signs of damage. remove any debris or dirt from the key. determine if the steering wheel is locked. turn the key to the ignition and unlock the wheel.
pour 1 oz. add 2 oz. pour the schnapps into the shot glass. shake the shot to combine. add 3 oz. top it off with 1 tbsp. serve and knock back.
take milk thistle. try job's tears. try chasteberry. take luteinizing hormone. consider chinese herbs. try acupuncture. maintain a healthy weight. eat a healthy diet. get enough sleep. cut back on caffeine and black tea. quit smoking. avoid alcohol. limit your exposure to chemicals.
get the right pokémon. throw ultra balls at latios. use mean look on latios if you chose trapinch or wobbuffet or trapinch. if latios faints, make sure you catch him with your pokedex.
gather as much information as you can. talk to family members. meet with friends and colleagues. keep a written record of your efforts. search online. put out notices.
pour a pot of strong coffee into a pot. add a few drops of ground coffee. apply the coffee to the wood with a paintbrush or rag. allow the wood to dry. repeat the process until the desired shade is achieved. finished.
eat a healthy diet. exercise on a regular basis. spend time outside. get enough sleep. meditate. try a new hobby or learn a new skill.
use the brush tool to add colors to a photoshop document. use the brush preset picker to change the brush tip’s size, master diameter, hardness, and hardness. change the color of the brush by clicking on the brush presets and selecting the color that you want to apply to the document. , use the brushes list to view the brushes that you have in your photoshop file that you can use. finished.
stop using your cell phone for non-cell phone related activities. limit the amount of time you spend on the cell phone. reduce your time spent on the phone. learn how to make phone calls or connect with others without a cell phone gradually.
see if you are feeling fatigued and/or sluggish. notice if you have been gaining weight. pay attention to your ability to keep your body warm. consider whether you are having trouble sleeping. be aware that sleep apnea is a common symptom of hypothyroidism, and for some people, it can lead to unusual sleep patterns that can be a sign of hyp Timothyroidism. note if your bowel movements have become less frequent. consider any shortness of breath that you are experiencing. consider other symptoms that may be related to your body's ability to metabolize properly.in addition to the above signs and symptoms, you may also want to be aware of other signs that may indicate that your thyroid may be under- or over-estimated, or that you may need to see a doctor for an evaluation.
remain calm. do not try to separate the dogs. distract the dogs with a loud noise. use a spray bottle of water. remove the dogs from the situation. check for injuries. talk to your veterinarian about any underlying health issues. have your dog neutered or spayed. try to identify the cause of the aggression. hire a professional trainer. desensitize your dog. keep your dog away from other dogs. keep the dogs away from each other. consider professional help.
make a schedule and stick to it. set aside a certain amount of time each day to do things that are important to you and your children, but leave room for flexibility. , make a list of things you need to do in order to keep up with your schedule. , set reasonable expectations for yourself. make time for "mom time.", don't forget to have fun with your children and don't be afraid to be fun too.
determine the face amount and maturity date of the bond. determine the face amounts of the debt instrument. calculate the periodic rate of interest earned on your investment. calculate your compounding interest. use a formula to calculate the maturity value. use an online calculator to find the maturity values of your investments. calculate interest earned by compounding. understand the difference between interest earned and interest earned. understand how interest compound works.
download the "jailbreak.bat" file. download the "arm7_stopmw" file from the jailbreak folder. open itunes. , click on the "download" button. , double click the .zip file. , run the .jarbreak.zip file and follow the prompts. , put your ipod in dfu mode. copy and paste the commands. hold down the shift key and click restore. select the customwfw.ipsw file. click ok. wait for itunes to install the new firmware.
click the start button. click the search bar. type "internet explorer" into the search field. press ↵ enter or ⏎ return. click internet explorer. pin internet explorer to your taskbar. reset internet explorer if it doesn't open or closes immediately. open the "system preferences" menu. select the "applications" tab. check the "default web browsers" box. click "set as default web browser.", open the control panel. select "network and internet.", select "internet options" from the list of options. find and click the "web explorer" option. click .set as the default browser for links and html files. close the windows control panel window. click your computer's "tools" icon. click or tap the "internet settings" button. make sure the "home page" option is grayed out. enter the address bar for each website you want to open. click ok to save your settings.
look over the listing. read the contract carefully. take a tour of the property. check online reviews. watch out for suspicious behavior. check the agent’s credentials. contact the property owner directly. don’t give in to the pressure of overnight negotiations. beware of scammers. be wary of hidden fees. don't sign a lease without reading the fine print. avoid paying more than you’re legally required to. avoid signing a lease that is too good to be true. avoid leasing with someone you don't know well.
open the adverts manager. enter your credit card details. create an ad. select your objective. define your target audience. enter a budget for your facebook ads. select a start date. select 'run my ad now'. select the budget of 250 per day. select the type of advert set you would like to use. enter an advert set name. select an advert size. enter the images you want to use for your ads. click on 'create ad'. select an ad that will generate the most clicks. choose the text and links for your ad. choose a facebook page on which you want your ad to appear on the news feed. click 'ok' to save your ad and you are now done with the process.
go to https://www.facebook.com. log in to your facebook account. go to your status. click on the "what's on your mind" tab. leave a space before the "@" symbol. start typing the name of the person you want to tag. tag more friends. finished.
gather your supplies. weigh the puppy. measure the puppy’s weight. heat the milk replacer. fill the syringe. attach the rubber feeding tube to the feeding tube.
decide what type of food philosophy you want to operate under. consider the advantages and disadvantages of having a food philosophy. consider whether you are already operating under a cuisine philosophy of your own. consider if you are falling into the trap of falling into one of the traps. if you do not already have a philosophy, consider joining one or more of the many food groups, such as the american, african, european, chinese, australian etc. you may also want to consider joining a cooking club.
have your vet examine your dog. try a blood panel. talk to your vet about age-related health concerns.
choose a sheltered campsite. explore the area. use a tarp to block off the wind's path. build a wind-proof shelter inside your tent or tent. build your own wind barrier. find a sheltered area between two trees. dig a depression in the ground. gather supplies for an emergency shelter. create a windbreak with trees and bushes. tie paracord to the top of the groundsheet. use rocks or other heavy objects for support. make another windbreak if necessary. wear a windproof jacket. cover yourself with windproof clothing. light a campfire. keep the fire well-lit. keep your campfire well-stocked. finished.
choose the right tape or bandage. prepare the skin around your thumb. consider an underwrap. cut the tape into strips. ask a friend or family member to help you. position your hand and apply the tape. secure the tape with a bandage or tape. remove the bandage as soon as possible. apply pressure to reduce swelling. apply ice to reduce pain and swelling. take your thumb to a doctor if you have a cut or dislocated thumb. get a referral.
ask for help from family and friends. create a budget for the party. decide how many people you want to invite. make a guest list. choose a venue. create an invitation. decide on a gift for the retiree. choose the type of food to be provided. decide if you will provide a gift certificate. plan activities for the retireese to do. make sure that the party is age-appropriate. make the party a social event. plan a surprise for the retiring employee. plan an activity for the retired employee to talk about his or her career. plan for questions to be asked. make plans for the future. plan to say goodbye. thank the employee for his/her service.
get strong arms. get strong legs. build strong abs. do yoga. do free running. follow a healthy diet. wear the right clothes. get the right equipment. wear makeup. don't be afraid of death. be brave. seek answers. know how to solve problems. be curious. be confident. be proud of yourself. fight for what you believe in. learn a new language. learn more about the world. learn to surf the web. learn how to surf. be a good sportswimmer.
open a separate account for business expenses. keep good records. claim deductions when you use personal property for business purposes. complete irs form 8829.
import the video file into windows movie maker. set the application window view to timeline view. insert the video into the video editing timeline. add a title to the video. change the font. add the title overlay. position the first set of subtitles. adjust the length of the subtitle. insert a second set. finished.
choose a quiet place to host the event. choose a time of day that's not too busy. consider the number of people you want to invite to your event. consider holding the event outdoors. talk to the venue about the noise level and acoustics. ask the venue if you can adjust the sound level if necessary.
remove all furniture and other items from the area. pull the carpet up from the edges of the room. pry out the padding. remove the old tack strips. vacuum the floor. set the new tack strips in place. put the padding back down. get a power stretcher, carpet cutter and carpet stretcher. use a utility knife to trim the excess padding. rent a carpet cutter, stretcher and power kicker from a hardware store. use the stretcher to stretch the carpet. rent the carpet cutter to cut the carpet to the desired length. cut the padding to fit the carpet length. finished.
make sure you have a basic idea of what you want your film to be about before you start. , find out what you can about making a film in your area. develop your characters. think about the key areas of character development. think of the key elements of the film. think out the key aspects of the plot. write down these key areas in a notebook or on a piece of paper. start with the most important parts of the story first. start at the beginning and work your way to the end. write a script for your film and stick to it. , start filming.
keep your hands clean. drink plenty of water. use a humidifier. take care of your allergies. avoid irritants. avoid bottle feeding. understand how sinus infections are preventable. understand the different types of infections. know the symptoms of a sinus infection. recognize the risk factors for sinus and lung infections. learn about the causes and risk factors of sinusitis. know how to diagnose a sinuses infection. know what to do if you have a severe infection. seek medical attention for severe symptoms.
understand what themes are. open the personalization tool. select a theme. download more themes from the internet.
open the finder. type "terminal" into the search bar. click on terminal. type system host into terminal. press ⏎ return. find your computer's system host file. right-click on the file and select "unblock facebook". click unblock facebook. click yes when prompted. type .o and press ↵ enter. restart your computer.
identify the site of the explosion. don't leave burning material on the ground. wrap the fireworks in plastic bags. place the bags in the garbage. dispose of the fireworks properly.
set up your fraction. place the denominator outside the division bracket and the numerator inside the bracket. make the "1" into a "1.0.", divide the "3" by 3. repeat the process. write your answer.
go to college. choose the right college. take the right classes. continue your education. have your degree evaluated for equivalency. get your transcripts. apply to take the uniform cpa exam online. register for the exam. take and pass the cpa test. apply for a license through the maryland department of labor, licensing, and regulation’s website. register with the national board of certified public accounting examiners (nba). take the national licensing exam. get licensed as a non-resident. take continuing education courses. get certified as a certified cpa. get a cpa license. find a job as an accountant.
have fun while you clean. make cleaning a game. learn to be efficient. reduce the amount of clutter in your home. make your living space more efficient. organize your work area. use your time wisely. create zones of cleanliness. clean up after yourself. make a list of things to do when you get home from work or school. reward yourself.
use boswellia to treat osteoarthritis. use boswella to reduce swelling and pain in the joints. reduce inflammation in the body. treat ulcerative colitis and crohn’s disease. reduce the contraction of the bronchial muscles in asthma. fight the growth of cancer. rejuvenate and renew the skin with boswellic acid. take the drug to treat skin problems. stop taking the drug if you are pregnant. stop using bos wellia if you have a low blood flow when you are about to have a miscarriage.
know when a fever is dangerous. seek medical care if you have a fever over 103°f (39.4°c) or higher. watch for symptoms in children. know when to take your baby to the doctor if he or she has a high fever.
add frozen fruit to your yogurt or oatmeal. make pancakes or waffles with frozen fruit. make flavored water or lemonade.
wear comfortable clothes. choose bold colors and patterns. stick to one top and one bottom. accessorize with bold accessories. wear jeans. wear make-up that accentuates your best features. keep your hair simple. be yourself.
choose a spot in your garden that gets at least six to eight hours of direct sunlight each day. make sure the soil drains quickly. add organic matter to the soil. plant the monkshood seeds 1⁄8 inch (0.3 cm) deep and 1 inch (2.5 cm), apart. thin the seedlings to 1 or 1 ½ feet apart. wait at least three years for the plants to bloom before transplanting them into the garden. transplant the seedling plants to the garden the first year after they have bloomed. water the plants once a week for the first two to three years.
identify your sensitive spots. expose yourself to that thing. desensitize yourself to it. get rid of it. don't let anyone tell you how to feel. distract yourself. learn to "not feel.", learn to talk about how you're feeling. let go of your fear. learn how to handle suffering. practice mindfulness. take care of yourself. practice deep breathing. take a deep breath. get enough sleep. eat a healthy, balanced diet. exercise regularly. spend time with people who make you feel good. surround yourself with positive people. get involved in your community. find a hobby you love. make a list of things you're grateful for.
pull on the tabs. cover your hands with the blanket. place the blanket over the flames. turn off the heat source. wait for the flame to die down. call the fire department if necessary.
assemble the ingredients needed. preheat the oven to 180ºc/350ºf. , prepare the baking pan. toast the almonds. sift the almonds into a large mixing bowl. add the remaining ingredients to the toasted almonds. pour the water into the saucepan. remove the pan from the heat. pour in the syrup. add a teaspoon of water to each tablespoon of sugar. transfer the mixture to the prepared baking tin. place in the preheated oven. remove from the oven. place back into the oven when the cake has cooled. remove when cooled. cut into triangles or finger lengths. place on a wire cooling rack.
vacuum frequently. sweep frequently. mop the floors. dust frequently. use microfiber dusting cloths. use wet cloths for furniture. wash your bedding often. beat your cushions and rugs. go over the walls, trim and baseboards with microf fiber cloths when you clean regularly.
braid under your hair. do a waterfall braid. try a braid across your forehead. do the pre-braid. do an all-over. try the rope.
believe that you can change. make small changes. embrace the idea of failure. don’t give up easily.
gather your materials. cut off the ends of the fake flowers. cut the ink cartridge. wrap the fake flower stems around the shaft of the pen. adjust the length of your ink cartridge or flower stem. begin wrapping the pen with green floral tape.
make a origami crane. make an origami turkey. make a paper crane. fold a butterfly. make the origami swan. fold an origamated parrot. make origami parrots. origami a parrot is a traditional origami bird.
explain why you want to reduce screen time. set up a game plan. hide the tv and other screens. create a ticket system for tv time. extend your rules to other screens, such as tablets, laptops, and smart phones. use parental controls on other devices.
gather your materials. remove the plastic from two tissue boxes. stack the boxes on top of each other. measure the distance between the bottom of the lower box and the top of the upper box. place several empty toilet paper tubes within one another to create a walkway up and down the upper level of the house. attach the walkway to the second floor box. cut the bottom opening of the tube into a straight line, if the opening is square, and secure it with tape. finished.
check with your state or county marriage office. check the federal election committee website for donations. check with your local court for court records. search the national registry of electoral registration database.
create a database of all the clothes you'd like to wear. hang each article on a hanger. take a photograph. save the photo. download and install picasa. start editing your photos. adjust the color and contrast of each article. add descriptive words to each item. create a collage of your outfits. add more tags to your collage. update your database as needed. finished.
remove flammable vegetation around your home. trim trees and bushes. protect powerlines. keep combustible materials away from structures. enclose your home’s spaces. use fire-resistant materials. install smoke alarms.
use a flea preventative on your cat. clean and treat your home. deworm your cat monthly. keep your cat indoors to prevent tapeworms.
do jumping jacks and jogging exercises. do jumping squats. do leg lifts. do knee lifts. turn in a circle. do arm rotations. do heel taps. tap your right heel on the ground. rock back and forth on your feet. do the reverse heel tap. clap.
determine the type of skin you have. choose a product for your skin type. choose an exfoliant for sensitive skin. try a microdermab.
check the return address on the package. note if the package is marked “personal” or “confidential”. examine the outside of the package for any powdery substances. check for excessive weight, weight, and sound. do not open the package or touch the contents. evacuate the area if you believe you have received a suspicious package. contact your local law enforcement or a security officer immediately.
unscrew the nut that holds the spray arm in place. finished.
observe yourself. validate your thoughts and feelings. set emotional boundaries for yourself and others.
make the pesto. add the oil, lemon juice and parmesan. boil the linguini. drain the pasta. serve.
place the chocolate into a glass or metal baking dish. pour the melted chocolate into the bottom of the dish. place the dish in the oven. wait for the chocolate to melt. take the dish out of the oven when the chocolate has melted. remove the chocolate from the oven carefully.
determine your cooking method. determine how much time you have. consider the cost of each cut. buy chicken in bulk.
accept that problems will arise. use humor. learn to accept that some things are out of your control. put yourself in new situations. stop trying to be perfect. put things in perspective. be open to change. look for the good in every situation. take a break from your comfort zone. take some time to relax. do something you’ve always wanted to do. do what you enjoy. be patient.
think about what you want in a partner. don't look for perfection. be aware of your own flaws. find the right person. look where the possibilities are. get involved in activities you enjoy. be honest with yourself about your expectations. be open to compromise. be a good listener. be prepared for rejection. make sure you're on the same page. keep the lines of communication open. keep your expectations realistic. be patient.
talk to the staff at a liquor store or wine shop. choose a wine that is darker than the color of your dessert. pair the wine with the type of dessert you are serving. select a wine based on the sweetness of the dessert. swirl the glass of wine before drinking it. pair white dessert wines with fruit and honey flavors. pair a white wine with buttery and caramel flavors. serve wine as your dessert instead of with food. finished.
ask the original research question.in your abstract, state the background or inspiration for your research. state your research goals and hypotheses. provide background information about your research methods. present your findings. discuss the results of your study. connect your findings to the original question. conclude your abstract.
use an unscented wipe. change your underwear often. get as much air as possible. take a bath or shower every other day. use a pad or pantyliner if you need to keep the discharge under control. try using an herbal remedy to reduce the flow of abnormal vaginal discharge.
apply conditioner. avoid heat styling. avoid products that claim to be good for african hair. use water. wash your hair with water. use shampoo sparingly. do not use conditioner on your hair more than once per week. , do not wash too often.
wash your face with warm water. cut some cucumber into slices. put the cucumber slices in a bowl and pour some olive oil over them. leave them in the sun. finished.
don't give up. acknowledge the loss. allow yourself to grieve. lean on family and friends. try meditative breathing. rest. take care of your body. stay healthy. stay active. let yourself feel your emotions. don't be afraid to face your fear. avoid self-medicating. get help if you need it. find a new love. make a plan for the future. make plans for the present. be patient.
identify sources of caffeine. read the ingredients list on medications and foods. keep track of your caffeine intake. cut back on caffeine gradually. switch to decaf.
decide if you want an internet agent to collect your winnings. go to the eurojackpot website. select the numbers you want to play. play your numbers and games. pay for your ticket and receive your e-mail. wait for the confirmation email from the internet agent. check your e mail to see if any of your numbers are winners. reuse the money you win from your win.
go to http://wikileaks.org/wiki/wikileaks:submissions and click on the "submissions" link. choose your upload method. use the tor network to upload files.
use conditioner sparingly if you have naturally greasy hair. experiment with other options. try a leave-in shampoo. use corn starch instead of shampoo for fine hair.
open the start menu. click “control panel.” this will open the control panel. , click the “network” tab. , select “sharing” from the drop-down menu. , check the box next to “enable file sharing”. , enter the name of the network you want to share with a windows computer on your network. ,click “next” to save your changes. , open system preferences. click the sharing option. , make sure “share only” is checked. , create a new user account. select the windows computer to which you’d like to share the folder. , right-click on the shared folder and select "properties.", click ”share. , choose “smb” (windows) or “everyone” if you want windows users to be able to view files in the folder but not modify them. click to select the user account you just created. change the permissions for windows users on the network. check that the folder is shared. find the ip address of the user to which windows users will connect if you enabled smb.
choose a skateboard that is at least 4 feet (1.2 m) long and wide enough for your dog to fit comfortably on. place the skateboard on a carpeted room with wheels up. let your dog play with the board for a few minutes. turn the board upside down. put the board on the ground with wheels down. roll the board away from your dog. reward your dog when it puts its paws on the board. move on to the next step. move to the last step. praise your dog for standing on the still skateboard. move your dog up on it.
install kaspersky mobile security 9.0. activate device administrator rights. sign into kaspersy mobile security web portal. tap “ok.” you will be taken to the “settings” window where you will find the information about “remote control of anti-theft” feature. activate the commercial version of the program if you don’t have one.
pay attention to your breathing. take a moment to swallow before you speak. think about what you’re going to say before speaking. practice your speech while walking around. take one word for every step you take. practice pronouncing difficult words over and over again until you learn.
use a warm, damp washcloth. give your child over-the-counter pain medications. use anesthetic drops. encourage your child to drink plenty of fluids. avoid cold medications. know when to see a doctor. wait two to three days before giving antibiotics. talk to your child's doctor if symptoms don't improve after a couple of days. keep your child away from sick people. use a humidifier. keep the air in the room clean. don't let your child sleep in the same room as the ear infection. clean the ear regularly. wash your hands often.
copy the custom dictionary you want to add to your word processing program. copy the folder where the dictionary is located. open microsoft word. , click the word options button, and then click word options. , go to the custom dictionaries dialog box. , add your custom dictionary to the word processing.
allow your children to complete some of their school work later in the day. give your children a few days off from schooling. plan educational field trips during the holidays.
know how long your presentation must be. know who you're presenting to. research your audience. find out what equipment you'll need beforehand.
go to the space station. go to the pet shop. speak to the shopkeeper. purchase the pets that you want from the pet store with the store discount.
know that you are the master of your own destiny. get your head on straight. don’t be swayed by other people’s opinions. get out of your comfort zone. don't be afraid to ask for help. know where you want to go. take care of your family and friends when you go on your trip. take the long way. embrace who you really are. use your head. remember that you can always go back to where you came from. enjoy the journey and remember that life is a journey, not a destination. finished.
choose your weapon. kill snipers. kill sprayers. kill enemies who are far away. kill those who are close to you. if you are a sniper, take out your secondary pistol (psg1, p90 or p90) and shoot at the head, head, neck, chest and upper torso. , kill the rest. finished.
go to facebook. log in. go to messages. select a conversation. select people to send pictures to. add pictures. select pictures. send the pictures. view pictures.
plan your strategy. write down reasons why you want to wear a thong. take responsibility for your actions. offer to pay for the thong yourself. practice what you are going to say. choose a good time and place to talk. keep your notes with you. ask your parents to talk to you. start the conversation. tell your parents why you are wearing a thongs. appeal to your parents’ logical side. listen to their emotional side. ask for their permission. ask them to think about it. give them time to think it over. ask if they have any questions. accept their answer. walk away.
write your sister an apology letter. write an apology poem. give your sister a gift as an apology. give her an apology gift.
learn about lux's q and e. learn about her e and w. learn how to use her e. know about her ult. understand the midlane. understand support. understand why  adcs fall behind. if you are a blue team, get a good ADC (attack damage carry). if you're a red team, make sure you have a good support. when you are in midlane, don't worry too much about yourself, just focus on your adc. don't forget to heal the adc too.
dice the onion and garlic. peel the celery. cut the onion into small pieces. pour in the vegetable broth. add the diced garlic and onion to the saucepan. bring to the boil. remove the soup from the heat. , add the chopped celery and diced tomatoes. , serve. serve. finished.
take a personality test. think about your biggest accomplishments. consider your biggest failures. reflect on how you got where you are. look at your role models. figure out what's most important in your life. look for recurring themes. put your values into action. define your actions.
go through customs. apply for your permanent resident card. open a bank account at a french bank. enroll your children in a french school if you’re living in france.
download and install bobcad. set up your machine. install your post-processors. start up your program. , set up the machine. run your first part. verify your code. run the first part again.
understand the resale value of diamonds. have your ring appraised. decide how you want to sell your diamond ring.
use toothpaste to fix a scratch. choose an appropriate toothpaste. get a soft cloth or swab. dab a small amount of toothpaste on the scratch. scrub the toothpaste off.
determine if the scratches are deep enough to cause permanent damage to the display. if the scratch is deep enough, use a glass repair resin to remove the old film. replace the film.
catch the mouse. let the mouse approach you. pick up the mouse with gloves. take the gloves off after a week.
remove her number from your phone. delete her email address. unfriend her on social media. get rid of anything that reminds you of her.
use talcum powder to get rid of oil stains. wipe away salt stains with a damp white cloth. use ammonia or hydrogen peroxide on sweat-stained areas. use art gum to remove scuffed spots.
know what independent music is. find the music. listen to the album. analyze the album, but don't over-analyze it. once you've listened to the entire album, take a few minutes to yourself and just listen to it. analyze it again. talk about it. write a review. write up your review. put it on a website, or share it on the internet.
get a large bowl. add cream. add sugar. add water. add hot water. pour the hot water into a cup. add the cream. stir the mixture. pour in the sugar. , add the vanilla extract. , mix it all together. , pour it into a small cup. , top it off with whipped cream. , garnish with sprinkles. , serve. , order the treat. , finished.
calculate your maximum release date. ask your prison counselor if you are eligible to participate in a credit-earning program. be a model prisoner in prison. continue to subtract your earned credit from your sentence as you approach release.
preheat the oven to 180ºc/350ºf. , place the onion slices into a frying pan. cook the onions over medium heat. drain the onions. peel the potato. place the potato slices in the frying pan with the onion. heat the olive oil in a saucepan. add the beaten eggs to the pan. remove from the heat. pour the egg mixture into the potato mixture. place in the oven. remove the potatoes from the oven and place on a wire cooling rack to cool. , add the grated parmesan cheese. serve.
identify schools that offer athletic scholarships. set realistic goals for yourself. identify colleges that fit your academic goals. talk to your high school and club coach about your goals and potential. ask other players who have played soccer in college for advice on the recruiting process. look at the college’s national soccer rankings. make a list of schools that you are interested in and contact the coaches at each of these schools.
remove the old grout from the floor. choose a color of grout that complements the tile. decide if you want to use sanded or unsanded grout. use thinset grout if the grout lines are greater than 1.5 inches (2.5 cm) thick. mix the grouting powder with water. let the grouts dry for at least a half hour before applying it. finished.
explain the procedure to the patient. wash and sanitize your hands. prepare the patient for the exam. warm up the lubricant. insert your index finger into the anus. feel for abnormalities in the rectum. examine the prostate gland. remove the glove and examine the anal canal. ask the patient if they have any questions or concerns. have the patient fill out a consent form. follow the patient's / person's instructions for the rest of the examination.
visit an instructor. visit an instructor once a month. practice a lot. practice often.
decide which flowers you'd like to have in your bouquet. look at photographs of flowers. set a budget. choose flowers according to the price. consider color. consider the season. consider where the flowers are grown. consider how the flowers will fit in with the bridal gown. think about the wedding theme. consider your bridal party's preferences. consider what the wedding party will be wearing. finished.
identify the type of broken car horn you have. have a helper honk the horn and listen to the sound of it. remove the wire connector that connects the horn to the car's wiring. have your helper remove the wiring from the horn. replace the wiring in the horn with a new one. locate the fuse box in your car's fuse box. check to see if the metal strip inside the fuse is broken. ask your helper to replace the fuse. take your car to a mechanic.
ask your husband to be honest with you about the affair. share your feelings with your husband. be open with each other about your feelings. make time for your marriage. consider therapy. write a letter to your husband asking him to forgive you. talk to your friends and family about what you are going through. join a marriage support group. read a book about marriage and forgiveness. consider joining a support group for women who have experienced infidelity. think about the things you can do to move forward.
take over-the-counter pain medications. take iron supplements. ask your doctor about prescription medications. consider birth control pills or progesterone injections. try gonadotropin releasing hormone agonists. consider factors that put you at risk. use a heating pad or a warm compress. rest. try relaxation techniques. eat a healthy diet. maintain a healthy weight. watch for worsening pain after menopause. get a second opinion from a gynecologist or surgeon. ask about surgical options. discuss the risks of surgery with your doctor. understand the complications of surgery. be aware of the risks associated with the procedure. be prepared for complications.
determine the source of the leak. check the area for mold. remove any stains from the ceiling. remove the damaged drywall. cut out the damaged material. cut a new piece of drywall to match the size of the hole. fill the gap with drywall joint compound. prime and paint the new drywall and ceiling.
determine if your soil drains well enough. install a french drain system to improve drainage. add organic materials to the backfill for tree holes. create mounds to protect the root crown. create a raised bed for your tree. avoid compacting the soil too tightly.
eat something before you have a beer. eat breakfast. avoid the midnight fourth meal. avoid fatty, fatty food. eat legumes, beans, lentils, and nuts. eat plenty of vegetables. avoid refined sugars, carbs, and fatty snacks. avoid foods that are high in calories, high in fat, and high in sugar, as well.
visualize your day’s events. plan your morning routine the night before. make an exercise plan the night.
use fresh tomatoes. understand the benefits of using a tomato. apply the tomato directly to your face. make a mask. combine tomatoes with other ingredients.
select the photo you want to shrink. export your photos. compress the photos. choose where you would like to save your resized photos.
ask your child to write a story. play word games and toys. make a creative writing game together. keep the games age-appropriate and brief.
buy individual packs of cards. buy promo tins. purchase a booster box. buy a box of pokémon cards from a local retailer.
dress appropriately. avoid sandals or high heels. sit in the back of the plane. listen to the safety instructions. count the number of seats to the exit. keep your seat belt on at all times. know where you’re going to land. get out of your seat as quickly as possible. brace yourself for impact. stay calm. stay in your seat. stay on your feet. get up and get moving. stay out of the way if you can. get medical attention if you need it. stay warm.
feed the baby bird every 15 to 20 minutes from sunrise to sunset. know what to feed your baby bird. feed the bird a starter diet. give the bird the food it will eat as an adult. feed different breeds of birds different foods. avoid feeding baby birds milk or bread. use the right feeding instruments. feed your bird the right way. give your bird plenty of water. make sure that the bird has access to a water box. provide your bird with a nest. provide a place for the bird to sleep. provide plenty of toys.
keep the fire as far away from the house as possible. if you can, put a fire extinguisher on the fire to keep it from spreading. , if you have a fire pit, fill it with water. clean up after the fire has died.
show her it's snuggle time. get her to join you. put your arm around her. caress her hand and put your other hand on her knee. put her arm around your other arm. keep the snuggle going. shift your body position. drape your head on her pillow. sit on her lap. cuddle with her on the couch.
ask the cashier if he or she offers a bonus. choose your payment method. keep your receipt with the fishing rod.
download the app from your cable provider's website. sign in to your account. watch live tv on your device.
contact your health insurance provider. consider your general health. get medical coverage if you will be gone for an extended period of time. get travelers health insurance if you are doing dangerous activities.
give your time as a tutor. collect supplies for children. sponsor a child. volunteer your time with a child welfare charity.
get a group of friends together. tell them to go trick-or-treating. find a place to hide. get close to the spot. tell the group to stay behind. walk down the street. have an adult spray you with fake blood. wait until the group is far enough away. , have the adult spray fake blood over you. wait for them to look at you. walk back to the group with your costume on.
take your horse to the vet. allow the vet to do a physical exam of your horse. provide the vet with your horse’s medical history. treat the lameness.
notice if he becomes overly protective of his phone and computer. pay attention to his schedule. notice if he isolates you from his life. determine if he is less affectionate. notice any changes in his behavior or moods.
choose a shampoo. identify the cause of your dandruff. choose an anti-fungal shampoo. apply the shampoo to your hair. use the shampoo daily. reduce frequency.
open the "properties" window. find the "processor" entry. click the "speed" tab. find your processor's speed. check your number of cores. check the "number of cores" entry, if applicable.
ask your doctor about pain relievers for headaches. try acupuncture. see a therapist. exercise to manage anxiety and stress. practice deep breathing exercises. try aromatherapy.
visit your doctor. ask your doctor for a referral to a mental health professional. talk to your doctor about medication. see a therapist. consider cognitive behavioral therapy or psychotherapy. address any potential causes or risk factors. combine treatments.
choose the fabric for your hammock. make a chain of five chain stitches. slip stitch into the first stitch of the chain. continue to chain five until you have reached the end of the fabric. , slip stitch in the last stitch. , chain five and turn. , repeat the previous step for the second row. , join in the third stitch. repeat the second and third rows. , finish the third row with a slip stitch. make the fourth row. join the fourth and fifth stitches. , make the fifth row. repeat for the sixth and seventh rows. make another chain. , turn and repeat the eighth and ninth rows. turn and join the eighth row. turn. make one last loop. join to the corner of the corner with a stitch. measure the length of the dowel. drill the holes. sand the dowels and corners. tie a knot in the middle string. gather the bundle around the first dowel and tie it in a knot. tie the bundle to the other dowel in a similar fashion. , gather the second end around the same way you did with the first end. tie off the bundle with a knot at the end. repeat with the other end. braid the strings if you wish to make a braid. gather all of the strings together and tie them in a double knot. , braid or tie the loose ends of the braid together. , trim the ends. finished.
decide what type of graffiti you want to do. decide what your name is going to be. develop your graffiti. start with the basic stuff. try to develop your own style of graffiti. practice, practice, and practice some more. when you think you have a good enough basic style, try to try to make it into a more complex style. add finishing touches.
list the author and translator of the book. list the title and subtitle. include the publisher's last name, followed by a period. , list the city of publication. include a colon after the title. , include the city where the book was published. , write the city in italics. , add the year of publication, if there is more than 1 publication. , type the medium of publication in parenthesis. , finish with the publication year. , enter the number of copies of the publication in parentheses. , end with the format in which the publisher used to print the book, if it was a hard copy. , use the format for hard copy books, if you have more than one. , fill in the page with the medium format of the publishing medium. add the page number of the edition. , conclude with the name of the medium for the publication.
identify verbal abuse. listen for double-edged comments. watch for manipulation. listen to your partner’s threats. identify signs of social isolation. recognize signs of physical or mental isolation.
don't overeat yourself. have a healthy snack before you go out. crack nuts in small pieces. cut back on the sauces and dressings. keep citrus on the table. offer healthy snacks before a meal. eat slowly and mindfully.
talk to the parents of the children you are interested in babysitting and ask them if you can sit for their child for an hour or two. ask to sit for the parents' children for a few hours. ask the parents how much they're willing to pay you. talk to them about your expectations. ask questions. tell the parents about any prior babysitting experience you have, if you have it.
rinse your sponge. pour white vinegar into a large bowl. place the sponge in the vinegar. soak the sponge overnight. let the sponge air-dry. use the sponge.
cut two pieces of flannel fabric. pin the two pieces together along the edges. sew around the blanket using a ¼-inch (0.64-centimeter) seam allowance. leave a gap in one edge. push out the corners of the blanket. turn the blanket inside out. topstitch the raw edges into the blanket, if you want to. sew the blanket together. finished.
realize that what you're feeling isn't really love. determine if there is any possibility of a relationship. figure out why it's never going to work out. focus on someone else. remember that you deserve to be with someone who loves you.
make a call. use a video-chat application. send a text message. send an e-mail.send an email is a great way to keep in touch with friends.
determine if the number needs to be written in british standard form. shift the decimal point to the right or left. calculate the number of spaces you shifted the decimal. write the final answer in standard form instead.
check your local news. watch the powerball news broadcast. review your own numbers to see if they match the winning combination.
talk to a therapist. reach out to friends and family. ask for support. join a support group. find humor. express your emotions through art. take care of yourself. recognize signs of anxiety. practice relaxation techniques. eat a healthy diet. exercise regularly. get enough sleep. avoid alcohol and drugs. avoid drugs and alcohol. manage your stress levels.
use a good white balance. find the right lighting. get your subject comfortable. frame the shot. set your camera's aperture, shutter, and shutter speed. get the right subject. get a good background. get close to your subject. focus on your subject's face. get some close-up shots. take some candid shots. get closer to yoursubject. get more than one shot of your subject at a time. get rid of the shadows. add some finishing touches.
ask yourself if you are happy to see the person. determine if you have any physical preferences. look at the person's appearance.
know that binacle is weak against certain types of pokémon. know that one half of its strength comes from water. understand that it is weak to certain kinds of attacks.
gather information about the dispute. choose an arbitration provider. file your complaint. wait for a response from the respondent. gather information to support your claim. consider consulting an attorney. attend mediation. participate in discovery. prepare for trial. attend the trial. receive the arbitrator's decision. consider filing an appeal, if necessary.
wash your face with warm water and a gentle cleanser. pat yourself dry with a soft, dry washcloth. use an all-natural moisturizing lotion. apply a moisturizer with hydrating creams or creams. wait at least 30-60 minutes before applying foundation, blush, and lipstick.
do an art project. build a fort. dress up and take pictures. bake a dessert. put together a time capsule of your friendship.
set up a second tank. use tricaine-sulfonate (ms-222). use clove oil for anaesthesia. use 95% ethanol for anaesthetization. do not try clove oils. add the drug to the tank. move the fish to the euthanasia bath. wait for death. check for signs of death after 2 hours.
go to shutterfly.com. sign into your shutterfly account. click the “upload photos” button. select the photos you want to upload. select multiple photos. name the photos. click “next.” you will be taken to the uploader page. , select the date you want the photos to be uploaded. share your photos with friends and family.
complete form i-765. gather required documents. submit your materials. pay your filing fee. wait for uscis’s decision.
choose a neutral color. choose a neutral top. wear the right shoes. add a jacket or sweater. accessorize with the right accessories. keep your make-up simple and subtle.
wash your hands. pick up the newborn from the ground. cradle the newborn. carry the newborn on your shoulder. use a sling or stroller. do not shake, bounce, or throw the baby.
place an adoption advertisement. consider hiring an adoption attorney. join an adoption parent support group. get to know the birth mother and prospective parents. ask friends and family for recommendations. attend orientation meetings. research each agency's background and record. calculate the agency's fees. compare the agencies' fees and services. talk to the birthmother and adoptive parents. gather information about the adoption process. choose an agency. complete the adoption application. submit your adoption application and supporting documents. attend your final adoption meeting. receive your child's birth certificate.
join a community of speed-cubers. compete in a local or national competition.
volunteer. go to events. try a new hobby. don’t be afraid to talk to everyone you see.
make soup with your homemade stock. make chicken noodle soup. make a chicken and vegetable stew. freeze a large batch of chicken stock for later use.
swap coconut or almond flour for wheat flour. swap cauliflower for rice. make vegetable noodles instead of rice. opt for muesli or granola instead of cereal.
go to topic10. view trending tags. view popular tags. browse through music videos with the trending tag. watch.
choose the type of rope. finish the ends of the rope. cut the rope to 12" to 15" (30.5cm to 38cm) in length. hold the rope between your right and left hands. insert the whipped end of the short end under the strand opening. twist the eye loop and the single strand between your left thumb and forefinger. pull the long end through the eye-loop. repeat the process two inches further down the rope, this time with your right hand. feed the rope into the loops, starting at the one closest to the eye loops. run the long ends through the loops. secure the halter with a back splice and a crown knot at the end.
decide what you want from the relationship. identify obstacles in your relationship. assess your finances. decide if you want a legal separation. consider a short, informal separation. talk with your spouse. set up a time to talk. discuss your feelings. ask your spouse what he or she wants. explain your decision. ask for your spouse’s opinion. discuss how you will divide assets and debts. discuss child support and alimony. discuss custody. discuss finances. discuss health care. discuss financial issues. talk about child support. discuss other issues. consider therapy.
write an eye-catching job description. show off your company's personality. provide detailed information about the position. ask for application materials. decide where to post the job opening. advertise in the right places. hire the right person for the job.
decide what type of flowers you want to grow in your garden. determine if the flowers are zoned for your area. choose the flowers that you would like to grow. choose a location for the garden. prepare the soil for planting. dig a hole in the soil that is twice as deep as the width of the flower plant. plant the flower seeds or plants in the hole. water the garden and keep the soil moist. , fertilize the garden once the flowers have grown enough to support their own weight. finished.
make five double crochets into one established stitch. slip stitch into the first stitch. repeat as needed. chain stitch a foundation chain. single crochet into each stitch of the chain. chain and single crochet across the row. double crochet five times into the next two stitches. work five double crochet stitches in the next stitch. re-insert the hook and draw the yarn through the loops. make one single crochet in each of the next three stitches. repeat the previous row. make another row of popcorn stitches. chain 13. single crochet across the next row. repeat this pattern until you reach the end of the piece. make a double crochet into the fourth stitch. work the next five stitches. make five more popcorn stitches into the seventh stitch. finish the piece as desired.
write down the equation. set the terms inside the parentheses to greater than zero. isolate the variable x. add 8 to both sides. show the domain of x.
be honest with yourself about your recovery. avoid starting a romance too soon into recovery. keep your focus on treatment. practice coping strategies if you feel anxious or stressed out.
don't force your child to face his or her fears. don't make your child feel afraid by acting out in front of him or her. be a good role model. turn off the scary movies and cartoons. show your child that there is nothing scary in the house. talk to your child about what he or she is imagining. play on your child's empathy. make a "monster barrier" for your child. stay calm.
understand your role as a goodreads librarian on goodreads. understand the difference between a regular librarian and a super librarian. find the book you'll need to edit by clicking on the "edit book details" link on the left side of the goodreads home page. look for the fields that need to be edited. add the book settings to the form by clicking the "add a book setting" link. click the "save changes" button to save the changes you've made to the book. click on the book's name to edit the details of the book, if you haven't already done so. check the "merge editions" box to see if there are any duplicate editions to merge. click "add book settings" to add a new book setting to the record. check to make sure that the book is set to the correct format and that all the necessary information has been entered. save the file and click "publish" to save your changes to the file.
do not keep indoor plants in your home. keep firewood outdoors. inspect your home for signs of water damage. keep windows open when using washers and dryers.
go swimming. go to a bowling alley. play games at an arcade. watch a movie with your friends. plan in advance to go to concerts, concerts, and festivals.
identify the job requirements for the position for which you are applying. create a list of your past work experience. list your skills and personal characteristics. write down your reasons for applying to the job. consider including photos or videos if the job requires it.
contact your school's financial aid office. contact your local community college or community college if you are a woman or returning student. contact the local chamber of commerce or community development office. submit an application for a returning student grant with the department of education. apply for grants at community colleges, community colleges and community colleges. look for grants for women, returning students and students in non-traditional populations. check with your state's government agencies.
don’t answer the door. be rude. let them introduce themselves. tell them you aren’s interested. avoid conversation. listen to their counter arguments. close the doors.
establish clear boundaries. take it slow. address jealousy as it arises. communicate with your partner about how you're feeling throughout the relationship.
think about what was important to you in the past. make new friends. think about what made you happy. seek professional help if necessary.
talk to your healthcare provider about additional tests. ask your doctor about a nutritional intervention plan. discuss medication options. ask about dietary changes you can make immediately. discuss surgical options for inflammatory bowel disease. discuss individualized treatment options for different forms of ibd. discuss treatment for flare-ups and reoccurrences.
do push ups. do weights. do calf raises. do wall sits. jump. squats. do machine guns. skip. be fast and strong.
clean the mop head. clean your broom. clean the canister or bag in your vacuum. clean out your vacuum attachments.
open adobe adobe photoshop and download the theme you want to use. open the theme by double clicking on the theme icon on the top toolbar, you’ll catch a glimpse of the theme, you can choose the one that you like the best, it’s compatible with the theme of your choice. create a new collage. add photos. add text. add a mask, frame, clip-art, etc. review and save the collage as an image file.
determine your hamster’s species. place hamsters of the same gender together. place them in the same cage. observe how they interact with each other. remove them from the same cages. recognize normal squabbling. remove your hamsters from the cage. keep them separate from other hamsters. watch for signs of aggression. be patient.
pour the sorrel sepals and water into a large bowl. add the remaining ingredients to the bowl. stir in the cinnamon, orange peel, ginger, cloves, and orange peel. add sugar and agave, if desired. cover the bowl and let it sit in the sun. strain the mixture through a fine-mesh strainer. pour the mixture into a pitcher or a glass jar. serve or store the juice. finished.
talk to your doctor or plastic surgeon about surgery. prepare for surgery. recover from surgery. schedule a follow-up appointment with your surgeon.
go to the casting callbacks. if you make it in to the callbacks, you will be asked if you want to go to the next one. , if you don't make it, go to your next audition!, if you do make it to the callback.
eat foods rich in vitamin c, e and a. vitamin c and a are essential for healthy skin. drink plenty of water. add borage seed oil and fish oil to your diet. make bone broth to boost the immune system and support the connective tissue.
gather your materials. sand the glove (optional). trace out the pieces of the glove. cut the pieces out. glue the pieces on. paint the pieces. cut out four pieces of thin cardboard. cut four blades out of the cardboard. paint each blade with silver or red paint. attach the blade to each piece of cardboard with glue. glue on the glove to the blade. add the other pieces of cardboard. add a “cover” for the thumb.
gather your supplies. decide whether you want to wrap the lid or the box separately. place the gift box on a flat, flat surface. place a piece of wrapping paper on top of the box. wrap the wrapping paper around the box in an x-shape. place clear, double-sided tape along the top and bottom edges of your box. cut the paper out. fold the paper in half lengthwise. use a pencil and ruler to draw straight lines across the paper. cut along the lines you drew with your scissors. fold each side of the paper up over the box on each side. secure the hems with more clear, clear tape. repeat the previous step for the other side. consider wrapping the box with tissue paper.
wash your hands before and after handling food. wash your hands after handling raw food. cook raw foods to the right temperature.
determine if you are dealing with workplace harassment. document the harassment. ignore the person. tell the person to stop harassing you. walk away from the situation. report the harassment to your supervisor or human resources. ask to be reassigned. consider taking legal action against the harasser. report your harasser to the authorities.
look for injuries that don’t look like normal bumps and scratches. check for signs of neglect. look for signs that the child has been sexually abused. ask the child if they have any problems. talk to an authority about the abuse.
make crackers. make mini-lasagna roll-ups. make a nacho. make chilaquiles. make stir fry noodles. make beef stroganoff. make lasagna kugel. make chocolate lasagna noodles. turn your lasagna into ice cream. make macarono. make pasta noodles. use them in a lasagna casserole. finished.
prepare the green tea. rinse the leaves and warm the water. steep the tea. add the boiling water. serve and enjoy.
preheat the oven to 175 degrees centigrade (about 350 fahrenheit). peel the onion and red bell pepper. cut the garlic into small pieces. mix the onion, bell pepper and garlic with the olive oil in a mixing bowl. pour the mixture into a baking tray. add the diced tomatoes. add herbs. put the tray back into the oven. add a little water to the mixture and stir it with a wooden spoon. remove the tray from the oven and serve. finished.
understand the benefits of isotonic drinks. choose an isotonic drink for workouts and moderate sweating. gather your ingredients. pour your water into a pitcher. add your fruit juice or tea to the water. add a pinch of salt to the pitcher. stir the ingredients together and enjoy your isotonic fluid replacement.
make a sea salt face wash. apply the wash to your face. rinse the wash off. apply moisturizer. make a sea Salt paste for your face to dry out.
 sponsor a sports team. buy a magazine ad. advertise on the radio. wrap a car. advertise at a gas station. turn a two-minute ad into an infomercial. don't be a one-person show. get out and about. run errands.
understand hemorrhoids. recognize the symptoms. take a bath or shower. use a hair dryer to dry off your anal area. apply witch hazel. let the area air dry.
make sure that the mast of your vessel is high enough to prevent birds from landing on it. place flapping objects at the top of the mast. use bird repellents. place a decoy bird on your vessel. use "bird spikes" on your windex. if your vessel has a wind-direction indicator on the mast, be sure to use it correctly.
boil water in a kettle. pour the hot water down the drain. let the water work for five minutes and then pour cold water. flush the drain with hot water.
choose nuri. choose hana. choose max. choose uncle bob. choose cecilia. pick max. pick koh. choose kuo. choose maria. choose lolo. choose mabel. choose tiffi. choose jenny. choose pikki. choose ryo. choose sakura. choose shilo. choose zuki. select michael. select tiffy. select ry. finished.
try to see the world through the eyes of an artist. draw. think differently. challenge yourself. try to think of something completely different every time you see an ordinary object. don't be afraid to be a little quirky. be open to new things. think of one thing that you would like to do with one object. write a poem, draw a picture, write a song, paint a piece of art. do a bit of what you do every single day. watch videos of artists you admire and admire them.
boil three cups of water. add the oats to the boiling water. simmer the oats over medium heat for 20 to 30 minutes. remove the oats from the heat and set aside. pour the oatmeal mixture back into the pot. add any desired garnishes.
protect your hair from the sun. rinse your hair with fresh water before and after swimming. wash your hair less often. deep condition your hair once or twice per week. finished.
remove the batteries from the battery cradle. inspect the old batteries. look for corrosion. clean the corrosion. make a baking soda paste. apply the paste. rinse the connections. wipe the terminals clean. apply a lubricant. replace batteries.
decide how to dispose of the data. destroy the hard drive. erase the hard disk. copy the data to another drive. use a drive duplicator to erase data properly.
learn the chord progression to "happy birthday". play an open c major chord. play a g major chord through the third measure. play an f major chord on the "birth" syllable of "birthday" through the fourth and fifth measures. play the f major on the first "hap - py birth - day dear..." syllable. play c and g on the second and third syllables of the "to" syllables. finish off with an easy f major. practice playing the chords through the rest of the measure. learn the melody to " happy birthday". learn the tablature of the song. learn how to read tablature. learn to play the chords on the guitar. learn a few variations of the melody. learn some alternate chord progressions. practice singing the song over the chords. practice the song on your own. learn more about the lyrics. finished.
make a budget. choose a date for your wedding. open a savings account. ask your friends and family for wedding services. hire a wedding planner. get a credit card for only wedding purchases. talk to your venue, caterer and photographer about a payment plan that will help you save money on wedding costs.
take frequent breaks. stay focused. don’t leave questions you don't know the answer to blank. keep an eye on the clock. pay attention to your time. take a break if you start to feel overwhelmed. take care of your body. plan ahead for difficult questions. finished.
acquire a level 61 farming. travel to one of the herb patches. rake the patch. add supercompost to the patch (optional). plant 1 woad seed. harvest the herbs after 80 minutes of planting. , harvest them.
identify what emperor scorpions eat. identify the species of emperor scorpion you are looking for. observe the habitat of the scorpion. observe their behavior at night. avoid aggressive behavior.
ensure that your kindle fire is fully charged. connect the kindle to your computer. wait for the kindles fire to turn off. plug the kindling fire to your pc. open the pictures folder on your computer and select the pictures you want to transfer. copy the pictures. insert the usb 2.0 or 3.0 jack into the kindLE fire’s usb port. open your computer”s pictures folder. paste the pictures into your tablet. disconnect your device. view your pictures.
practice acting scenes in front of a friend. take acting classes at your local community college or community college. take improv classes to improve your improv skills. try to perform in as many different types of roles as possible. network with people in the industry to get a job. get out in the world.
preheat the grill. make the butter glaze. prepare the aluminum foil. slit the plantains. place the plantain slices on the grill and cook them. flip and continue cooking. baste with the butter and serve.
measure the length, width, and height of the box. measure the width and length of the sides. multiply the length of each side by the width of the length to find the box area.
stand or sit up straight. hold the pan flute in front of you. relax your arms. adjust your embouchure. blow into tubes.
understand the difference between religion and personal belief. learn about the different types of religion. consider the following aspects of each type of religion and how they relate to your personal beliefs. think about how religion affects your life. consider how religion relates to human rights. consider whether your religion is based on religion or not. decide if you want to convert to islam.
keep brushing and flossing your teeth. eat soft foods. stop smoking. see a dentist for regular check-ups.
connect a usb over ip device to your network device. connect an ethernet cable to the usb port on the ip converter. connect the usb device to the network device using the ethernet cables. , wait for the device to reach the network.
use this recipe to make very strong clay. mix the glue, stearin, glycerin, vaseline and citric acid. add the cornstarch. continue mixing the clay. knead the clay for 20 minutes. store the clay in sealed plastic bags. use it.
use japanese in casual conversation. question your in-group bias. dress in anime-inspired clothing. express your interest in anime and manga by dressing up as your favorite character. be honest with yourself about your inner self and your preferences.
determine what type of grout to use. remove any existing grout from the surface of the tile. clean the tile if necessary. apply a tile sealant. mix the grout. apply grout using the rubber grout float. remove excess grout with the rubber float. allow grout set. clean tile floor with a second 5 gallon (19 l) bucket of water. remove grout residue. caulk expansion joints. apply penetrating sealer to grout joints.
determine how many people will be traveling in your motor home. determine how many beds you will need. decide how many sleeping quarters and dining areas you would like to have. determine the number of people that you will be using the motor home for. decide if you want to have a permanent dining and dining area or a permanent sleeping area. decide what amenities you want in the vehicle. consider how often you would need to refill the water and waste water tanks. consider the size of the vehicle that you would be using. research the area you would want to travel to. decide on the type of vehicle you want. check the prices. book the vehicle in advance. review the terms and conditions of the rental agreement before you sign the contract. read the terms of the contract carefully.
open the facebook app. tap ☰. scroll down and tap suggested ads. tap an advertisement. tap the downward-facing arrow. tap hide ad. , tap hide ads.
contact your local animal shelters. use an online pet-finding service. contact an animal rescue organization. meet the requirements to adopt a terrier. complete the application process and pay a fee. schedule a home visit. gather all the supplies you will need to bring your new terrier home. feed your terrier a healthy diet. housetrain your dog early and consistently. provide plenty of exercise for your dog. play with your young terrier every day.
download and install avidemux. add a second video clip to the first. add more clips to the end of the video file. save the new video file in the same format as the original.
improve your home's air quality. close your windows at night. wear protective gear when outdoors. limit your exposure to outdoor air on high-risk days. contact a professional. prevent mold from growing in the first place.
shut down your computer. unplug the computer from the wall. open your computer case. locate the cmos battery. discharge the battery. reassemble your case. power on your computer again.
choose your base fabric. make a mark where you want the tree skirt to end. draw a circle in the middle of the base. cut a smaller circle out of the center of the string. fold the circle in half and cut along one of the folded edges. cut the strips into strips. iron the strips flat. crease the ends of the strips, if desired. hot glue the first strip to the back of the skirt base. glue the end of the strip over the edge of the slit. pinch the next section of fabric into the base, and secure it with glue. repeat the process until you run out of fabric. glue down a new strip, if necessary. hem the edges of the ruffles, if needed. fold a strip in half lengthwise and press it into the skirt. cut and glue the ruffle to the base fabric, if you want to. cut some ribbon for the bottom hem. glue a strip of ribbon to the top of the top ruffle. add the final ruffle, and you're done. finished.
find out if you need to apply for the exam. apply to take the exam and pay the fee. study for your exam. attend the exam if you plan to take it. continue your continuing education after you have passed the exam to keep your certification up-to-date. finished.
make sure you have a good starting team. make sure your pokémon are strong enough. if you're using a ground-type, make sure that you have at least one strong physical move. if it's a fire-type team, use one of the following: pikachu, pidgey, or pidgeotto. bring a strong psychic-type to deal with nidoking and nidoque.
make triangle-shaped sandwiches. make mini-sandwich wraps with different shapes. invite your friends over to make a snack with you. ask your family to help you make a healthy snack.
choose firm ground cleats if you’ll be playing on a natural grass pitch. wear soft ground cleat cleats for a dry pitch. choose hard ground shoes for a firm ground pitch. use turf cleats on a turf pitch. pick cleats with a clean strike zone if you're a forward. choose shoes with cushioned insoles and midsoles if you are a midfielder. choose tough shoes if you play defense. choose high quality cleats to protect your feet from the strike zone. look for shoes with a variety of fabrics. choose a style that fits your foot type.
go to http://www.antbuster.com. click on the "play now" button at the bottom of the screen. go to the game and click on start match. after ten seconds have passed, you should see a screen with a timer on it. place two quick cannons 1 and two heavy cannons 2 parallel to each other. place another two quick cannon 4s parallel to the first two. , place two more quick cannons 2 and two more heavy cannons 4 above the two ice cannons. , click on end match. now you should be at level 70. , go to your inventory. go back to the original version of the game. now that you are at level 80, you have two more ice cannons 2. , now you have at least three ice cannons 4. , you should now have a good chance of getting to level 80. , wait until you get to at least level 80 again. by now, you will have a pretty good chance to get to level 100. , watch as many ants spawn as you can. enjoy your victory!
hug your sister as much as you can. ask her if she wants to talk about it. let her know how you're feeling. cry with her if you feel the need to. do things to help her grieve.
follow the instructions on the label. read the warning label. use caution when handling pesticides. use the appropriate application equipment. calculate the amount of pesticide you will need to apply. wash your hands before and after applying the pesticide. wear protective clothing when applying pesticides. allow the area to dry completely before reusing the product. do not reapply pesticides after the expiration date listed on the package. apply pesticides at the right time of year. avoid overuse of pesticides. follow the label instructions for use on crops prior to harvest. use bacillus thiensium (btisium) as a pest control product. bacisium, also known as "bacillus aacillus, is a fungalium".
place protector pads on the bottom of your furniture. place rugs or carpets under furniture. put mats at your doorways. replace plastic chairs with rubber wheels. lift your furniture when you move it around. place plastic discs underneath heavy furniture. keep your floor humid. trim your pet’s nails. avoid wet mopping your laminate flooring. clean your flooring with a dry cloth. use a soft sponge to clean small spills. clean up spills immediately. vacuum the floor. replace worn-out pads. clean the floor with a vacuum cleaner.
learn how to play this role. find a good position. gather your squad. get to your position. get into position. , move to your assigned position. stay alert. communicate with your squad and main force (if you have one).
start with the end in mind. consider your audience. decide on the body of your presentation. gather information to support your points. gather supporting information. start with an introduction. put your best points in your body. make a transition between statements. wrap up with a conclusion. make sure your audience understands what you're trying to get out of the presentation. keep it short and sweet. use visual aids. keep your audience engaged. make your presentation interactive. don't be afraid to ask questions.
eat a mostly whole-food diet. eat foods rich in phytocompounds. eat fish rich in omega 3 fatty acids. include yogurt in your diet. drink kombucha or kefir water. eat a lot of prebiotics. eat raw fruits and vegetables high in fiber. eat nuts, seeds, and whole grains as well.
check your lease to see if you are allowed to change the color of your walls. add color to your walls and furniture. replace the hardware in your home that doesn't fit with your new design scheme. finished.
wipe up spills and standing water as soon as they occur. vacuum and mop your floor at least once a week. take extra care of your floor during the first 6-12 months of your rubber floor life.
place the plums in a plastic bag. refrigerate the plum(s) in a cool, dry place. store them in the refrigerator. eat them when ripe.
look for coconuts on the beach. write letters to other townsfolk. receive a coconut from mom. visit a friend's town. find a spot to plant your tree. dig a hole and bury the coconut. wait three days for the tree to grow. harvest the coconut tree.
don’t let your partner touch you. be confident. be sexy. wear sexy clothing. remove as much of your clothing as you can without taking off your shoes. take off your bottoms. remove your top layer. take your shoes off. put on your lingerie. finish the dance.
ggather your materials. make a square out of duct tape. cut the duct tape to a length that is about ten inches (25.4 cm) long. fold the tape in half lengthwise into a square. fold down the top right corner of the square into a triangle. form the first petals of the rose. wrap the first few petals around the base of the stem. make the second layer of petals. stick a piece of tape under the rose and stem. finished.
identify what you did wrong. identify other times when you forgot to do something. take responsibility for your mistake. identify how you have solved similar problems in the past. identify possible solutions to the problem. make a plan. identify alternatives to the solution. be dependable. accept the possibility that the solution won’t fix the issue. identify your goals for the future. accept your mistakes and move on. learn from your mistakes. learn to forgive yourself. practice self-compassion. use positive self-talk. seek professional help if you need it. be patient.
visit findmugshots.com. search the prison handbook. visit your state’s department of corrections website. search a sex offender registry. check with your local law enforcement agency. download a smartphone app to search for mugshots.
remove the chicken breasts from the refrigerator. place the breasts in a microwave-safe bowl. defrost the chicken in the microwave for 2 to 3 minutes. remove the chicken from the microwave. finished.
understand the connection between facial expressions and emotion. look at the person’s eyes. watch for a genuine smile. look for a sad smile. identify anger, disgust, and resentment. recognize fear, surprise, and anger when they occur. identify fear and surprise when they happen.
talk to others about your faith. attend your place of worship. make the right decisions. volunteer your time to help others.
take a bath or shower. trim your pubic hair. take a shower or bath. wash your body with warm water and mild soap. rinse your undergarments after you're done shaving.
practice putting around a hole. practice putting over a coin. do the three-foot putt drill. put with your eyes closed when you put.
llose weight if you are overweight. stop playing sports that put you at a higher risk of injury. ask your boss if you can switch to a less physically demanding job. see a physiotherapist. increase your intake of omega-3 fatty acids. eat foods that are rich in antioxidants. consider taking natural supplements that can help with post-traumatic arthritis pain relief.
prepare your team. train your pokémon. stock up on supplies. go to mount lanakila. defeat the elite four. go back to the pokémon center. talk to the person at the desk. choose the order you want to face them in. challenge hau. challenge hariyama. challenge olivia. challenge kahili. fight olivi. fight komala. fight ari. battle kyili. defeat olivie. battle ari again. challenge ari once more. defeat ari twice more. beat ari a second time. beat kahali. beat hala again. beat olivii. beat ahili again.
set up the formula for slope given two points on a line. set up the coordinates of the starting and ending points. plug the coordinates into the formula. solve for the slope of the line.
use an alphabetical filing system. create a subject or topic order. use a numerical system for dates and dates. use numbering. color code your files. group frequently used information into folders.
know what kind of job you are looking for. find out where to look for a job. learn about the job you want to apply for. be prepared for a wide variety of situations. choose a company to work with.
go to pollnivneach and become a slayer master. once you are level 35 slayer, you will be able to become a master of the slayer dungeon. know what to use against each monster. buy a black mask or slayer helm. use herblore overloads if you can. know which tasks are not worth doing. prioritize your slayer tasks. use slayer rings or helmet rings if you want to. try the "slayer row" minigame in priffindas. finished.
launch the app store. search for “topic10.” in the results, tap on the first one on the list of results. , download the app. launch topic10. add more currencies. add a currency. view the currencies. select more currencies to add. reorder or delete currencies. view a currency’s details. select a currency to view the current exchange rate. compute the foreign exchange value. repeat for the other currencies. finished.
ddetermine if your ipod works. determine if you have a touch screen-less ipod touch. determine whether you have an ipod nano. determine what type of ipod classic you have. determine the type of iPod shuffle. try turning on the ipod. try using a different method if you can’t find the answer to the problem.
find another computer or phone. contact a domestic violence hotline. find a battered women’s shelter in your area. reach out to friends and family for help and support.
be confident. look nice, but not too nice. keep it casual. have a specific date in mind. ask him out alone. be prepared for a rejection.
eat a low-glycemic index diet. reduce your intake of dairy. eat foods high in vitamin a and vitamin d. vitamin a is an antioxidant that helps your body produce collagen, which helps to control the production of oil-producing molecules in your skin.vitamin a and d are both antioxidants that your body needs to produce to keep your skin healthy. get more omega-3 fatty acids in your diet.
decide what breed of ducks you want to keep. introduce your ducks to their new home. provide food and water for your ducks. feed your ducks a balanced diet. encourage egg-laying.
choose a place to shop. choose a size. pick a style. choose the material. choose something that is comfortable for both of you. choose lingerie that is appropriate for her height and body type. choose colors that match her hair, skin tone and skin tone.
be kind. offer advice. listen to the person who is complaining. be assertive. say no. take control of the situation.
preheat the oven to 350ºf/180ºc. add the onion, garlic and garlic to the saucepan. pour in the diced tomatoes. pour the stock into the cooked mixture. remove the dish from the heat. remove from the oven. serve. finished.
open microsoft word. open the drawing toolbar. create a flowchart. select a starting shape. use different shapes for different concepts. add text to your shapes. re-size shapes that don’t fit.
go to http://www.feedburner.com/tools/rss-buttons. click on the button that says "add button". select the buttons that you want to add. click the "create button" button. , choose the type of button you want. click "save" to save the code. save the outputted code. open your blog in your blogging software. enter the url of your rss feed in the "url" field. , enter the code to create the button. save your blog as usual.
use the zoom function. use the accessibility function to zoom in and out. use three-finger triple-tap to zoom. tap on a window to zoom it. change the magnification of the zoom. use your finger to move the zoomed version of the window around.
get two pieces of paper. fold your "scratch" paper into thirds. make adjustments to your scratch paper. use the scratch paper as a blueprint. use a straight edge.
have a snack. drink a glass of clean water. avoid drinking too much water, or any liquid.
preheat the oven to 350 °f (175°c). rinse and dry the cornish game hens. make the basting mixture. baste the hens with the herb seasoning. bake for 30 minutes. reduce oven temperature to 350°f (180°c) and continue baking. serve. finished.
talk to your doctor if you are prescribed weight loss medication. ask your doctor about weight loss medications. be aware of the side effects of weight-loss medication. use weight- loss medication with diet and lifestyle changes. schedule check-ins with your doctor while on the medication.
register for baby shower gifts. enter baby clothing giveaways. enter contests for baby clothes. apply for help from charitable organizations. donate used clothes.
place the milk in the back of the refrigerator, away from the door. place the milk containers in the front of the fridge. label the containers. freeze the milk if you do not plan to use it in five to eight days. scald the milk, if necessary, if it has a soapy or soapy flavor that bothers your child.
heat the rice flour in a pan. boil water in a small saucepan. add the flour and salt to the pan. mix together the flour, water, and salt. stir the mixture. knead the dough for a minute. add ghee to the dough. stop kneading and cover it. grease the idiyappam press and idli mould. warm the idli mold. separate the dough into four equal parts. place one quarter of dough in the idiiappam. press the rest of the dough in each compartment. place the idi mold inside the steamer. steam for 7-9 minutes. remove the idkiappam from the steam and serve. serve with your favorite idli dishes.
have a good hygiene routine. get enough sleep. take care of your skin. keep your nails in good shape. get the right hairstyle. wear make-up that makes you feel beautiful. wear clothes that make you feel good about yourself. be confident in who you are. don't compare yourself to other people. be kind to yourself. smile. be a good listener. be positive.
turn on your playstation 3. select "playstation store" on your console's home screen. select the "store" option. click "play store.", select " demos.", select a demo to download. press "x" to download the demo.
calculate the net asset value on a date relevant to your needs. calculate the total value of the fund’s securities. subtract the value of any outstanding liabilities. find the closing price of the securities on the day of the valuation date. determine the total return on your investment. compare your total return rate to the stock market's return rate. determine whether your investment in the fund is retaining its value. assess whether you need to adjust your investment strategy. consider the benefits of using a mutual fund. evaluate the disadvantages of using mutual funds as investments.
preheat the oven to 350ºf/180ºc. mix the dry ingredients in a large bowl. whisk together the wet ingredients. combine the wet and dry ingredients. pour the batter onto the pan. cook the pancake. garnish the pancakes.
mix ¼ cup (60 milliliters) of olive oil and ½ cup (120 grams) of coconut oil. apply the mixture to the tangle. apply a small amount of the hair oil mixture to your fingers. use a fine-toothed comb to gently comb through the hair. rinse the hair with warm water. dry your hair with a towel.
clean your beans. soak the beans. cook the beans over medium-high heat. check for softness. make vegan burgers. make black bean soup. make salsa.
determine if your puppy is dehydrated. provide plenty of fluids. feed your puppy a bland diet. consider giving your dog antibiotics. manage the diarrhea in adult dogs with the infection.
acquire a level 20 farming. get an empty plant pot. add a pineapple tree seed to the filled pot. travel to one of the fruit tree patches. rake the patch. add compost to the spot. place your sapling in the patch and wait for it to grow. , harvest the tree after 80 minutes of planting. harvest the sapling after 40 minutes.
beat the butter and sugar together. mix in the egg, milk, and vanilla. add the flour and baking powder. divide the dough into sections. add food coloring to the first ball of dough. flatten and chill the dough. preheat the oven to 400 degrees fahrenheit (200 degrees celsius). remove half of the dough from the refrigerator. drop a small piece of each color of dough on a floured surface. use a rolling pin to flatten the colors. cut the cookies into desired shapes. line a baking sheet with parchment paper and grease it. place the cookies on the baking sheet. bake the cookies for 10 to 12 minutes. allow the cookies to cool for 10 minutes. remove the cookies from the oven and allow them to cool. decorate the cookies with sprinkles and sprinkles. let the cookies cool completely before serving them. store the cookies in the refrigerator until you’re ready to use them.
dust the woodwork. choose a wood cleaning product. apply the cleaner to a cloth or surface. rub the cleaner over the surface. scrub the surface with a toothbrush if necessary.
choose the time of year to plan your trip. look at schedules for main attractions. plan to drive in and out of the city during off-peak.
rule out the need to see a doctor. apply heat and cold to the pain. take over the counter pain medications to relieve the pain temporarily.
think about what kind of world you want to create. think about the laws of the world. create your races. create the different races. decide on the climate. plan out the layout of your world. write down the laws and regulations of the land. think of what life would be like in this world. put it all together and see how it all comes together. start writing.
get a totodile and a croconaw. go into the tall grass near whitney city and start the battle with clefairy. after you get a couple of hits, use rage. continue using rage until you get to the pokémon center, where you should be able to catch miltank.
protect the chrome from further damage. buff the chrome with a wax or polish. paint over the rust damage. sand the chrome. re-chrome the car with chrome plating.
be suspicious of people who seem out of place. be suspicious of anyone who seems to be presenting false or incomplete documents. look out for alert signs. notice if someone is sitting or standing with unnatural posture. watch out for people who are missing fingers or smell like chemicals or gasoline.
pour vinegar into a spray bottle. spray the cabinets with the vinegar solution. allow the solution to sit for 5 to 10 minutes. scrub the cabinets again with a clean, soft cloth. buff with a non-abrasive scrubber.
apply your makeup as you normally would. apply setting spray to the area you want to set. apply the spray.
place a bucket at the bottom of your fish tank. insert the tubing into the bucket. place the siphon tube inside your aquarium. submerge the vacuum end of the tube. lower the tube into the tank. seal the discharge opening. lift the tube out of the tank and into your bucket. move the vacuum around the tank bottom. raise the discharge end, if necessary. finished.
determine what you will be using the laptop for. find a docking station. remove the battery from your laptop. plug your laptop into the docking station with a usb cable. plug in your devices. use it.
make family-oriented activities easier for your mate to participate in. travel with your mate. create a “bucket list” of things you and your mate can do together together.
graduate from a four year university. take the law school admission test (lsat). attend law school. get licensed to practice law in your state. get an internship or summer job. get a job as a legal consultant. start your own legal practice. apply for a job with a law firm. apply to open your own firm. join a professional organization. consider joining the national association of legal professionals (nlra). apply for jobs in the legal field. look for opportunities to work as an attorney. consider working as a consultant for a few years.
enable video calling on your android device. tap the menu button or the menu icon at the bottom of the screen.
part your hair down the middle. divide your hair into three equal sections. make a plait. add another section of hair to the back strand. don’t use the front strand as a front stand. repeat the process until you reach your part. create a french braid on the opposite side of your head. continue the process on the other side. gather all four braids into a ponytail and remove the elastics from each braid. finish with a loose ponytail.
footbrake. loosen your trucks. stay relaxed. crouch. straighten up your stance. try to carve as wide as you can. if you are going too fast and there isn't enough room to carve or turn, try to slow down and try to make a deep carve. if all else fails, you can always try to bail.if you get wobbling, you may want to try to get off the board and go back to your home and practice again.
choose a tape or bandage material. purchase a bandage. wash and shave your arm. consider an underwrap. cut the tape. ask a friend or family member to help you. position your arm correctly. apply the tape to your elbow. secure the bandage in place. remove the tape and bandage carefully. apply a second layer of tape. check for signs of infection or swelling.
power on your bluetooth device. click the apple menu. click system preferences. click bluetooth. make sure bluetooth is enabled. double-click your device's name. click pair. click yes when prompted. open the system preferences app. click sound. click output. click microphone. click +. type in the name of your device. test out your new audio output.
prepare your child for the event by role playing it. practice sharing with your child. teach your child good manners. encourage your child to say “no” to boredom.
understand the assignment. make sure you have all the materials you need. give yourself enough time. create a timeline. find a good place to write. decide on a topic. brainstorm possible topics. read through your course notes. take notes during your research sessions. create an outline. write a rough draft. write your introduction. write the body of your paper. write an introduction. outline your research sources. make a table of contents. cite your sources. cite all of your sources in your outline. use the appropriate citation structure. use appropriate citations. use proper citations. proofread your research paper. revise your paper as needed. submit your paper to your instructor. have someone else read your paper before turning it in.
choose a topic for your blog. maintain a consistent blog schedule. promote your blog through advertising and social media. set aside time to devote to your blog, but remember that it takes time to become a successful blog writer. commit to a regular blog writing schedule per week.
use visual aids to help the child express his discomfort or frustration. teach the child how to ask for help. create pictorial or visual calendars. use pictures and colors to control challenging behaviors. collaborate with family members to function as normally as possible. teach simple yet important tasks with visual aids. organize the child’s things. avoid giving too many oral instructions to a child with autism.
get an apple. cut the apple in half. get a spoon. get some sugar. put the sugar on top of the apple. add some fruit. enjoy it!
eat nuts. eat wild salmon. add yogurt to your diet. avoid sweets, candies, and other comfort foods.
open up your inventory. buy some paper. write a letter to your future self. drag items onto the letters to free up inventory space. finished.
keep the dog from licking the stitches. cover the stitches if your dog scratches. keep the area clean. keep it dry. monitor the wound. cover a wound with a shirt.
review national fire code. choose a material. measure your chimney. determine the number of flues you will need. choose the size of the flue. gather your supplies. start your project. mix the mortar. place the bricks. install the joints. line the chimney with bricks. connect the flues. install flashing. install a cap. add a cap to the top of the roof. install chimney roof braces. attach the roof braces to the roof of the house. add flashing to the outside of the wall or ceiling. add chimney caulk. install fire alarms. install smoke alarms. finish the job.
deal three cards face down to each player. deal the first card to the player to your left. begin betting. continue betting. deal three cards to the remaining players. make the turn. bet the river. play the showdown. declare a winner.
decide where you want to have your wedding and set a budget. start looking for a venue early. choose a unique, off-beat location. check with the venue to see if you can use their catering company. register with the american marriage ministry to get an officiant. hire a friend to be your photographer. consider getting a dj instead of a band or dj. assign seating to your guests instead of choosing where they sit. make your own table plan for your reception.
look for an affectionate personality. notice a kitten-like temperament. look for an active personality. see if it gets along with other pets. listen for a cooing voice.
understand the four characteristics of hazardous waste. know the legal responsibility of your county and state. learn about your county’s hazardous waste disposal protocol. know what not to throw away.
prepare to wash the wool. fill a bucket or sink with warm water. add a mild dish soap or detergent to the water. soak the wool in the basin of water. remove the wool from the basin and rinse it. wrap the wool with a clean towel. allow the wool to air dry. purchase a wool carder. place the wool on the top of the carder with the wool facing up. hold the handle of one carder in your left hand. brush the wool gently with the pin paper. continue brushing the wool until the fibers are straightened. switch to the other carder and repeat the process. lift the wool up and brush it. roll the wool into a rolag. remove any excess fibers. store the carders in an airtight container.
choose an under-bust corset. choose a corset that is 4–6 inches (10.2–15.2 cm) smaller than your current waist size. break in the corset before tightening it fully. begin to tighten your corset a little everyday. wear the corset for three to six hours everyday. progress to a smaller corset, if desired. consider the pros and cons.
eat smaller, more frequent meals. eat more frequently. calculate the number of calories you need to maintain your current weight. choose nutrient-dense foods. choose full-fat options over fat-free options. eat a lot of carbohydrates. eat plenty of fiber. don’t forget the snacks. cut back on caffeine. drink water. increase the intensity of your exercise. do strength training. do cardio. do weight training. try weight training with a friend or family member. join a gym. join an online community. get a personal trainer. get professional help.
drill a hole in the side of the barrel with an electric drill. place a piece of cloth over the barrel and secure it with a trowel. fill the barrel halfway with potting soil. , place the stones into the barrel. add osmocote to the soil. select plants for planting. place the plants in the garden. water the plants with a garden hose or a watering can. , check the soil every few days to make sure that it’s well-drained and that the plants are getting the water they need. enjoy your newly-planted garden!
don’t worry about what other people think. decide what you want to look like. let the music guide your life. decide whether or not metal is fantasy. consider your interests. invest in a good sound system. don't be offended if people assume you’re crazy. learn about the history of metal. know the types of metal you like. know your metal labels. wear the right clothes. listen to the right music. make metal friends. join a metal club. go to metal shows. attend metal conventions. get involved in your local metal community. make your own music.
make the first stroke. create the second stroke. make the final stroke. finished. , practice writing it out. practice writing out the rest of the words and practice writing them in kana.
click on the apple menu. click on system preferences. , click on privacy. click the "privacy" tab. click and drag the "screen resolution" slider to the desired size.
go to asus webstorage. sign in. go to your files. select the files you want to download. compress the files. download the zip file.
take an over-the-counter painkiller. apply arnica cream. use a live leech to suck blood.
open the blackberry app world on your computer. go to the themes section of the app world store. select a theme. download the theme to your phone.
purchase chalkboard paint for glass. clean the surface of the glass with rubbing alcohol. cover the areas you do not want painted with painter's tape. prime the glass. apply a coat of chalkboard primer to the surface you want painted. paint the surface using a paintbrush. let the paint dry completely. remove the painter’s tape. allow the paint to cure for three days. "condition" the surface with chalk. wash the glass using soap and water. do not scrub the painted areas. finished.
get a 5-gallon (18.92 l) bucket and a roller screen. fill the bucket with paint. dip the roller into the paint. roll the roller against the screen.
begin with the integral of a curve.    find the area of the vector field enclosed by the curve. set green's theorem to equalize the integral. find the differential between the two integrals.  substitute this differential into t{\displaystyle t}.   use the identities for cosines, sines, and sines.  evaluate the integral in terms of its coefficients.  calculate the sum of the contributions.  write the final integral.
boil the carrots and ginger. blend the carrots, ginger, and honey. taste and adjust the flavor.
determine what kind of knob you have. use a screwdriver to disengage the hidden lever. pull on the knob to detach it. repeat on the other side.
determine if fresh yeast is usable. measure out a small amount of the liquid called for. warm the liquid slightly. add sugar, if necessary. add fresh yeast to the liquid. stir the mixture and wait for foam or bubbles to form.
get the look. dress like albus dumbledore. age yourself well. carry the elder wand. have a good sense of humor and be a happy person.
visit the project website of the project you want to build. look for the project's source directory on the website. download the project files. search for the "install" or "configure" scripts. find the project configuration script. if there is no configure script, type ./configure or sh configure to run the script. type the command make to build the project. if the project uses java, type ant to build it. type libtool to create the necessary files. navigate to the /usr/lib/bin/ directory where the project is stored. right-click on the project directory and select "run as administrator" from the list of options. restart your computer and enjoy your project.
choose your fabric. measure your waist. cut the skirt. cut out the waist band. measure and cut the straps. pin the straps to the skirt and waistband. overlap the straps and pin them together. pin and pin the waistband to the waist. sew around the circle. stitch the circle in place. hem the dress. turn the dress right-side out. sew the dress together. turn it right side out. add the finishing touches. try it on and enjoy. finished.
be alone. dress mysterious. hair. act mysterious in public. be mysterious. be artsy. have an imaginary world in your head. have a cause you care about.
tell your date about your favorite facial feature. focus on your date’s appearance. avoid objectifying your date's appearance. compliment their interests. analyze their sense of humor. tell your date that you like his or her depth and character. let your date know that you appreciate their generosity. tell them that you enjoy talking about their passions. compliment them about their intelligence. be a good listener. don’t overdo it. avoid flattery. be honest about your feelings. don't be afraid to ask for a second date. keep your compliments short and sweet. avoid over-complimenting your date.
help them reach out to others for support. encourage them to talk with a counselor. help them connect more with supportive people. encourage more encouragement.
use the following method: 10x/2 = (x - 1, x - 2, (x + 1,x + 2) = 5x. , multiply the sum of the first 4 numbers by 5. use the same method to multiply 10x by 2.
go to the facebook editor page. click the "edit" and "community" icons. review your editor status. click edit points. review the community tab. scroll down to the "suggest edits" section. click all editor activity. click suggest edits. click a location to edit. click next. click yes or no to mark the location as duplicate. click ok or no. click save. type facebook into the search field. type in facebook. press ↵ enter. select a location. click ⋮. enter information for the location's attribute. click submit.
open your iphone's settings. scroll down and tap general. tap wallet. , tap icloud. , slide the "wallet" switch right to the "on" position. open the wallet app. tap the "pay" button. tap add credit/debit card. tap your card's name. enter the card's information into the "enter card details" field. tap next. tap continue.
choose a topic that you are passionate about. create a web domain for your topic. move your existing blog to your web domain. sign up for an affiliate program. create your website or web page. create links to your affiliate products. promote your site. decide how you want to advertise your website. consider other ways to promote your blog or website.
prepare your work area. create your pattern. cut out the pattern. sew the pattern pieces together. create the back of the sleeper. create a zipper. sew on the zipper. make the sleeves. cut two pieces of fabric that are the same size as the front of the garment. cut the fabric in half and sew the two sides together. , sew the left and right side pieces together and sew them along the center back back. , create the front zipper. cut a piece of fabric and sew it along the front right side. , make the arms and feet. , measure your feet. draw out a pattern for a boot. cut your fabric. , cut out your boot pieces. , stitch the boot pieces together with the right sides facing each other. , attach the elastic to the ankle pieces. make a boot for the other foot. , place the foot pieces on top of each other and stitch them in place. , repeat this process until you have enough feet for the sleeper you want. , buy jiffy grip. enjoy wearing your new baby blanket sleeper and feeling comfortable. finished.
prepare your dye. dip the egg into the dye. remove the egg from the dye and dip it in the dye again. repeat the dipping process until you’re happy with the colour. pat the eggs dry with a paper towel. wipe the eggs down with vegetable oil and refrigerate.
add the ingredients to a mixing bowl. mix the ingredients together. scoop the ingredients into a tin and use the pomade.
familiarize yourself with basic pronunciation. understand there are many different ways to say "i love you.", address yourself.
buy an electric gold smelting kiln. buy a microwave-safe crucible. place the gold in the microwave.
take advantage of social interaction. build relationships. develop long-term relationships. plan your advertising and marketing budget. hold a rummage sale.
figure out what you already have and what you don't need anymore. figure out where you prefer to buy your clothes. find out how long you want your clothes to last. decide how much money you want to spend on each item. decide what you're going to buy. check with your parents. if you're just starting out, get some basics. decide where you're willing to spend your money. know what makeup you need. buy the rest of your makeup. buy accessories. shop for sales. take care of your skin. remember that money is not the only thing that matters. have fun with your shopping!
download the xposed framework installer. make sure that “unknown sources” is checked. download the framework. install the framework on your device. launch xposed. tap “install.” once the installation is complete, tap the “start” button on the top right corner of the screen. , tap the download button. , download the desired module. tap the downloaded file. , go to “settings” and tap on “modules.’ , tap on the module you want to install. , select “youtube” from the list of available modules. , click on the one you want. , open the youtube app. , press “open” to launch youtube. , scroll down to the bottom of the page and tap "settings". , tap "ad settings". , select the ad elements you don't want.
log into your uber business account. click the “request uberrush” button. fill out the form to apply for uberrush. log in to uber rush. click “order uber rush”. set a delivery time frame. complete the uberrush request form. click "request uber rush". track your courier’s progress on the uberrush website. click your delivery status.
launch the app store. search for sugarsync. download sugarsync. launch sugarsync on your mobile device. sign in. find the folder or file you want to update. tap the three vertical dots on the top right corner of the screen. tap on “sync” from the menu. select “my computer”. select a folder or a file to sync with the cloud. open sugarsync from the mobile app. sign into your sugarsync account. select the folder/file to sync. tap “update” at the bottom right corner.
identify tasks you do not have the time or the resources to do. identify tasks that can be outsourced. identify areas of your business that need special expertise. outsource essential projects. reduce costs. define the tasks you need to outsource. define what you want the outsource partner to provide. define how you will measure quality. determine who will be in charge of overseeing the process. describe your needs. define your goals. create an outsourcing contract. negotiate the terms of the outsourcing agreement.
understand the purpose of a medical second opinion. recognize when a second opinion may be requested. understand why you may request a second opinions on your child’s condition. consider the reasons for requesting a second expert opinion. identify the reasons not to get a medical opinion.
decide what is perishable and what is non-perishable in your refrigerator/refrigerator. remove all the frozen food from the refrigerator. turn the temperature of the refrigerator down to the lowest possible setting. empty out the freezer and refrigerator. clean out your refrigerator and freezer. remove the food from your pantry. plug in any plugs that are plugged into the refrigerator or freezer. take everything out of your refrigerator. put everything back in the refrigerator/freezer. , clean the refrigerator and/or freezer. put the food back in your freezer or refrigerator and put it all back into the pantry or refrigerator. enjoy your new, clean, and organized refrigerator/frigerator!
gather your ingredients and supplies. combine the flour, sugar, baking powder, and salt. beat the egg and milk together. add the milk and egg mixture to the flour mixture. heat your pan. cook the pikelets. transfer to a plate and cook the remaining batches. top with butter or other toppings. garnish with fruit. use other dairy products. serve with syrup or syrup.
preheat the oven to 350 degrees fahrenheit (180 degrees celsius). peel the ginger. chop the ginger coarsely. place the ginger and oil in a saucepan. strain the mixture through a strainer. allow the mixture to cool. add the sugar and water to the ginger mixture. pour the mixture into a clean glass jar with a lid. store the scrub in the refrigerator. finished.
get to know the student and get to know him or her. ask questions and listen to the answers. assess the student's progress in the first session. set goals for the student for the second and remaining tutorial sessions. make sure the student is progressing in a positive direction. give the student as much autonomy as possible. model what you are trying to teach and model the student how to do it. encourage the student to take responsibility for the work he or she is doing. create an expectation that the student will do the work. prepare for the end of the term exam. set a budget for the next term. keep track of the progress of the student during the term. , set up a timetable for next year's exam and start the new term the following year.
choose a square cloth. wrap food or packages in the hand-carried wrap. wrap packages or food in the shoulder carry-wrap. wrap items in the middle of the cloth. create a bowling ball wrap. make a bottle wrap. try other methods.
launch the facebook app. log into your facebook account. create a facebook page for your organization. add information about the organization. set the web address. tap the “create page” button. add more details to the page.
understand the meaning of the food pyramid. divide the pyramid into four sections. label each section of the pyramid. label the first level from the base. determine the number of servings for each food group.
try the brat diet if you are feeling nauseous. stick to a bland diet. eat small amounts of food throughout the day. eat a low-sodium diet. avoid fatty foods. steer clear of foods that make you feel nauseous if you’re already feeling nausea. avoid foods that worsen your nausea.
use plastic worms. use crankbaits. use spinnerbaits or inline spinners. use jigs. try jigs in weeds and brush. use lures designed for smallmouth bass and walleye. use minnows. try other types of lures. use other lures for other species of fish. use artificial lures sparingly.
make sure you're ready for high school. get used to the school. don't be afraid to talk to people. be prepared for a little bit of anxiety the first week or two. try to fit in with the 10th graders, but don't try to be popular. know what is acceptable for a freshmen. join a few clubs. go to dances and parties. have fun and enjoy your first year of high school!
place the dog in a comfortable position. position your dominant hand. place your non-dominant hand over the bridge of the dog's nose. take the pill and position it in your dog's mouth. advance the pill into the dog’s mouth. remove your hand from his mouth. reward your dog for swallowing. consider using a pill popper.
use the correct form of ser. learn how to tell the time just using hours. know how to say the time at midnight and noon. tell time using minutes and hours.
schedule training sessions with your sales leadership team. ask yourself if your sales training sessions are time efficient. make sure your sales trainer is a fast learner. plan training sessions around your salespeople' schedules. train in small groups. ask your sales people to take notes during the training sessions. use webinars, presentations and powerpoint presentations. make the training interactive. set sales goals based on the results of the training. ask for feedback on the effectiveness of each training session after the first one.
learn about italy's history and culture. learn italian. consider the benefits of moving to italy. visit italy before you make a decision. understand the immigration and residency laws. research the different visa options available to you. apply for a visa. obtain a passport. apply to live in italy for a short period of time. register for a work visa. find a job. find an italian language to speak. learn the language. get familiar with italian culture. get to know the cuisine. learn about italian cuisine. get involved in italian politics and politics.
take a relaxing bath. get out of your pajamas. stretch. do yoga. meditate. take a power nap. read a book. eat a snack. watch a movie. do something else you enjoy. if it's night, go to bed early. when you wake up, take a shower, do something you enjoy doing.
don’t compliment her before you know her personally. compliment her in private. avoid clichés. choose the right time to compliment her. make a connection between the two of you. keep it short and sweet. make sure you mean what you say. don't be too hard on yourself for compliments.
join clubs. do things that you enjoy. find out what you like to do. make sure you have time in your schedule. if you have kids, try to get them to do something you like. do something crazy. do kid things. do random things. go on a field trip. go to a restaurant and order the spiciest food on the menu. have a sleepover with your friends and family.
call your city’s animal control department. send a letter to your nearest animal shelter. cooperate with the investigation. wait for a response. testify in court, if necessary. find your city's definition of excessive barking. document the duration of the barking. record audio of the dog barking. talk to the owner, if you want to. complain about the dog to your neighbors. call the authorities immediately if you see signs of animal cruelty. follow up with the authorities. file a complaint with your local animal shelter or police department.
choose a digital memory book platform. choose a template. upload your content. crop your images. choose your font and color scheme. add text and pictures as you go. print or assemble your book. share your digital book.
be a u.s. citizen. be willing to relocate. be physically fit. have a clean legal record. apply for the position. complete the application process.
be nice to her. be considerate. compliment her. show her affection. make her feel special. don't ignore her. talk to her when you're having a problem. apologize after an argument. surprise her. call her. give her a gift. listen to what she has to say. make sure she knows how much she means to you. be there for her when she needs a shoulder to cry on. be a good listener. be affectionate. be fun to be around. be honest. be yourself. be confident. be romantic. relax.
understand that neurotic twitch syndrome (ts) is usually short-term. don't get frustrated. avoid over-analyzing the condition. pay attention, but not too much attention. consider counseling or therapy. ask your doctor about prescription drugs. ask about anti-anxiety or anti-psychotic drugs. try cognitive behavioral therapy. consider medication. consider surgery. consider electroconvulsive therapy. try alternative therapies.
combine your egg whites, sugar, and cream of tartar. combine your dry ingredients. roll out your cookies. bake your lavender cookies. decorate your lavenders.
wipe your hard drive. remove your computer’s battery. remove the keyboard keys. unscrew the bottom of the computer. take apart the circuit boards. remove and dispose of the hard drive, if applicable. dispose of any remaining hard drive parts. recycle or recycle the remaining parts of your computer, if you’ve decided to reuse them yourself.
cook the pasta. mix the milk, vanilla sugar, and sugar. add the pasta and lemon zest to the milk mixture. garnish with walnuts and cinnamon.
open outlook. click mail. click ⚙️. click accounts. click add account. click the name of the account you want to edit. click account settings. click reply-to email. click edit address. type in a new email address. click ok. click next. , type in your new address.click save. click save. , click the “reply to email” box. ,type in a reply.click ok. ,
go to every game. watch the games. make friends with other mets fans. go to a game. know who the key players are. know the team's current roster. get to know the stadium. don't get too excited about the team on social media. keep up the mets spirit in your everyday life. buy mets merchandise, and wear it everywhere you go, even if you're not a fan of the team.
understand the parts of speech. learn the rules of parts of grammar. write out numbers in word or numerical form. use a subject and an action. use singular and plural nouns and verbs. form compound sentences. write conditional clauses in the correct form. understand the meaning of adverbs and prepositions. learn how to use adverbs. use the correct verb and nouns. use proper nouns, verbs, and adjectives. understand adverbs, preposives, and conjunctions. use correct noun and verb forms. use appropriate verb and adjective forms. understand irregular verbs and adverb forms. know how to form a sentence. understand how to make a statement.
download and install a lyric plugin. install the plugin. load the song you want to play. add your own lyrics (optional).
plug the webcam into a usb port on your computer. run the webcam driver installer. follow the on-screen instructions to install the drivers. download the drivers from the manufacturer's website if you don't have a disc. restart your computer and run the installer. test your webcam. check your microphone levels. attach the webcam to the top of your monitor. toggle the webcam on or off. plug the webcam back into the computer. try plugging it into a different usb port. troubleshoot the driver.
launch cmd. open the properties menu. uncheck the legacy console checkbox. open cmd again. adjust the opacity of the colors.
call up your ex-spouse. catch up on late payments. ask for wage garnishment. work out a plan to modify your alimony. attend a contempt proceeding. pay any fines. lose your driver’s license. have your bank accounts seized. pay your attorney’�s fees. go to jail. file a motion for summary judgment. attend the contempt hearing. receive the contempt judgment. file an appeal. serve a copy of the contempt order on your ex. attend your hearing. comply with the contempt ruling. file for bankruptcy.
take a look at the field guide for the hike you want to go on. go to http://www.bbbode.org/wiki/hikeguide.php to find a list of hikes in the Columbia river gorge. save your field guide. look for intersections. find the hike. write a post on the topic. submit your post to the thread.
find a flat, flat area on the ground. look for dead or dangerous branches. find two trees with two anchor branches. consider the weather when you set up your tarp shelter.
use a warm moist towel before you start shaving. choose the right shaving cream. massage the shaving cream into your skin. shave with the grain of your hair. adjust the closeness of your razor. consider using a depilatory cream. apply a gentle moisturizer after you finish shaving.
gather ingredients. mix the ingredients. roll the dough. bake the cookies. add fish oil to the peanut butter if your dog likes fish oil.
gather your supplies. cut two identical trees out of construction paper. assemble the two trees. decorate the tree. add a topper.
decide what business structure works best for your needs. select a name for your corporation. search for a name. reserve the name. visit the secretary of state’s website. download the articles of incorporation form. complete the form. identify the registered agent. provide the principal address of the corporation. provide an optional address for the principal office. decide whether to include an optional statement of organization. provide a statement of liability. provide information about the incorporator. provide additional information, if necessary. sign the articles. file your articles. pay the filing fee. receive your certificate of incorporation. determine if you need an employer identification number (ein). apply for an ein number. apply for a business license. file for a state tax id number. file with the north carolina department of revenue.
preheat your oven to 350f/176.67 c. clean your cast iron dutch oven. rinse the cast iron with warm water. line a cookie sheet with parchment paper or aluminum foil. choose your seasoning oil. lube up the pot with oil. spread the oil all over the surface of the pot. place the pot in the oven. wait for the oil to set. turn off the oven and let the oil set. remove the cookie sheet and wipe the oil off with a paper towel. finished.
go to https://www. blogger.com. sign in to your google account. click on the drop-down menu in the upper right. select your blog. select the post you want to delete. select delete from the menu.
pick the right time and the right place. know what you want to say. know when someone is open to hearing you. pay attention to your body language. use "i" statements. avoid opening with anger. be willing to listen to the other person's side of the story. don't be afraid to ask for help. use “i” statements. don’t assume that you're the only one who needs to be heard. avoid using “you” or “me”statements. be patient.
sign into your chromebook using your google account. backup your data to google drive. press .⊞ win+⇧ shift+r on your keyboard. select "settings" from the drop-down menu. click the "reset" option. click "restart" to confirm the reset. enter your password and password when prompted. setup the chromebook. request for the device to be un-enrolled if it is secondhand.
choose between a waterproof and water resistant jacket. choose a jacket with the right breathability. decide on a layer. choose between a membrane laminated or coated fabric. decide how heavy you want your jacket to be. decide if you want a soft shell or hard shell jacket. check the seam tape or sealing. make sure the jacket fits properly. check for a hood. check if the jacket has zips. look for a waterproof zipper. check to see if the zipper is fastened. look at the pockets of the jacket. consider how the jacket is constructed.
look for a bright, bright light. look for a dim, dim light. watch for a slow, steady light. check for flickering. look at the light's brightness. don't ignore it.
park the car on a level surface. locate the clutch fluid reservoir. check the fluid level in the reservoir. fill the reservoir with the appropriate amount of fluid. replace the cap on the reservoir, if necessary.
practice the coin drop trick. wear clothing that makes objects “disappear”. use a toothpick.
add sugar or honey to your tea. add citrus to your rooibos tea. try cinnamon or mint.
use eye cream to reduce swelling. use redness relief eye drops. cover dark circles with an orange color corrector and flesh toned concealer. use a concealer that’s a shade or two lighter than your skin tone. use light eye shadows on the lid. highlight the inner corner of your eye. use cat eye liner for a cat eye shape. try a nude or white eyeliner. apply a flesh tone to the inner corners of your eyes. apply black mascara to make your eyes pop.
learn about public administration jobs. look for non-profit jobs. consider working in the private sector. think about the pay and stability of public administration.
breathe. be aware of your surroundings. pause the game. focus on the task at hand. use your character's abilities to your advantage. don't be afraid to show off your achievements. if you make a mistake, don't try to make it look like a race.
decide what kind of music you want your band to play. get an instrument. learn to play some christian songs. if you are a christian, try to write songs about the lord and sing them in your band. try to be a good christian. try not to make a big difference between your band and your personal life. have a good time with your friends and family. have fun and don't be afraid to make mistakes. , have fun with your life.
click the start menu and select "start.", type "doc" in the search field. click the search bar. , select the file or folder that you want to search for. right-click on the result. select the folder or program that contains the file. find other documents that match the search.
download the latest virus updates. run the avg installer. scan your computer. set up a scan schedule. set a scan time.
create a band. add the members. make sure that they're all from the same household. make a website for the band. make up a name for your band. play gigs. have a tip jar. have fun!
take a fruit and vegetable carving class. purchase your carving tools. practice using your tools to learn how to make different kinds of cuts. keep your hands and knives safe while carving.
wipe the disk with a damp paper towel. rub the paper towel in a circular motion around the disk. wipe the disk again.
preheat your oven to 350 degrees fahrenheit (180 degrees celsius). bake your cake. let your cake cool. make your jello mix. mix in your cool whip. pour the jello-mousse mixture into your cake pan. refrigerate the mousse. make the top layer. add fruits or sprinkles if desired.
choose your vegetables carefully. choose the best vegetables for your meal. make sure that your plate is full of vegetables. add a little bit of each vegetable to your plate.
choose a healthy variety of swiss chard. choose a variety with different ribs. wash the chard before you cook it. separate the ribs from the leaves, if necessary.
calculate your regular rate of pay. find your state’s overtime laws. calculate how much overtime pay you will earn. contact your state agency. understand how comp time is calculated. find out if there are limits on when you can take time off. ask other workers. understand the policies for “cashing out” accrued comp time. decide how many hours you want to work. choose between comp time and overtime pay. compare the benefits of comp time versus overtime. choose comp time over overtime pay under federal law.
create a background layer. set the background color. lock the layer in place as you create your artwork.
understand how the irs scores individual returns. consider your deductions. file early or request an extension. include explanatory information on your tax return if possible.
use calamine lotion. make a poultice with colloidal oatmeal. use baking soda to make a paste with baking soda.
address the lie as carefully as you can. remain calm. talk to your teen about the lie. make your teen feel that you are approachable. enforce consequences if your teen continues to lie. restrict your teen's freedom. teach your teen to tell the truth. don't punish your teen if he/she doesn't come clean. consider getting professional help if necessary.
go to the okcupid website. click ☰. click settings. click account settings. scroll down and click accounts. click leave my account. click delete your account. type in your password. click ok.
apply sunscreen. keep your makeup simple. don’t be afraid to experiment with different hairstyles and makeup looks. finished.
use modeling clay to make a fun shape. decorate your container. create a label for your lip balm container.
take a lukewarm bath. apply lotion, cream, or ointment. use over-the-counter (otc) products. cool your skin. take an otc antihistamine. avoid scratching.
rest your cat in your lap. place your cat on a flat surface. hold her head steady. clean your cat’s eyes. pull down her lower eyelid. hold the applicator tip above your cat's eye. dispense the eye drops into her eye. keep your cat still. do not massage her eyes. give her eye drops after a meal. administer eye drops several times a day. give your cat an eyewash solution. use eye drops as a last resort. avoid giving your cat eye drops if she rubs her eyes too much. give eye drops only when your veterinarian recommends it. consult your veterinarian.
gather your ingredients. place the lemon slices in a baking dish. add the salmon fillets and broth to the dish. cover the dish with plastic wrap. microwave the salmon for 8 minutes. drain and cool the salmon. serve.
mix the yeast and the milk. add the flour. knead the dough. refrigerate the dough for 1/2 hour. cream the butter. roll the dough out. spread the butter over the dough rectangle. fold the dough in half. wrap the dough and refrigerate it again. roll out the dough into a rectangle. turn the dough over. fold it into thirds. wrap it in plastic and chill it. roll it out again. chill it for another 1/4 hour. make the cronut shapes. preheat the oven to 350 °f (177 °c). heat the oil in the frying pan. fry the cronuts for 10 to 12 minutes. cool the donuts on a wire rack. prepare the glaze. drizzle the icing over the donut. dip the crut donuts into the icing. serve the cruts. finished.
pay attention to how his symptoms move from one body part to another. check your child’s temperature. listen for vomiting. look for clammy skin. pay attention to abdominal pain. check for red, crusty eyes. ask your child if he wants to take medicine. notice how your child reacts to the thought of not having to go to school. notice if your child seems more alert while watching t.v. watch for a change in her study habits. watch out for nervousness or anxiety. see if she has a hard time with her teacher. notice any mention of bullying. keep an eye out for leg cramps or cramps. notice a cough or fever. notice signs of stress or anxiety in your child.
place oil cans in your yard. make an earwig trap. use a shoebox to trap the earwigs.
determine if you need to replace your catheter after surgery. determine if you will need to have a catheter if you have a chronic illness or incontinence. replace the catheter every 14 days. watch for complications.
pay attention to the child’s hygiene. look for signs of illness. notice if the child seems malnourished. look at the caregivers. see if there is a picture of the parent or caregiver in the school education. ask the child about her home life. watch for a lack of empathy or ability to empathize with others.
turn on your computer and boot it up. navigate to the bios screen. find the "frequency/voltage control" page. select the value that you want to adjust. adjust the value to the lowest value you can find by pressing the "enter" key or other combination of key combinations. find and adjust the values that you need to lower by pressing "enter". find and lower the value of the "voltage control", "power" and/or "wakeup" settings. look for the "frequency/voltage" and "widen" values. look at the "wpa/wpa+" value and "vac" value to find out if you can adjust these values. check to see if you've made a mistake. exit the bios when you're satisfied with the new settings.
choose a team. pick a name for your team. decide on team colors. advertise. have a date and time. make sure the kids are ready. choose a captain, co-captain, and other members. pick an outfit. go to the mall and get a uniform. have fun, and don't be afraid to show off your skills!
teach the child the concept of fractions. ask the child to draw a circle with two intersecting lines inside. draw another circle with a line in the middle from top to bottom. draw a third circle with an intersecting line inside it. have the child draw a fourth circle with four sections.
recognize the symptoms of pcos. recognize the link between pcos and depression. determine if infertility is a cause of your symptoms.
be eligible to join the army. complete basic combat training. attend the officer training course (wlc) at a military base.
purchase a carpet stain remover. remove excess ink with an old towel or cloth. test the cleaning product on a small area. apply the cleaner to the stain. blot the stain with a clean cloth. rinse the carpet. allow the carpet to air dry and vacuum the carpet overnight.
understand the different ways of succession gardening. understand the different types of succession systems. decide which method is best for you. know the growing times of each crop. use the first crop method. try the second crop method if you want to grow more than one crop at a time. consider the third crop if you wish to grow multiple crops at once. know what not to plant. know which plants should not be followed by which crops, and which should be left alone.
take everything out of your house. decide what you'll keep. get rid of anything you don't use. throw out anything that you've forgotten about. store things that you know you won't need for a while. donate or sell any items that are in good condition. put the "maybe" box in the "don't know" box. finished.
try the following exercises to improve your agility: kick, kick, and kick. try the balloon kick. use a treadmill. practice dribbling with a ball. try throwing a coin at the ball while you’re dribbling.
do patrol. do the campaign. do story missions. upgrade your weapons and gear. do bounties. do strikes. do a strike. do cruccible. do daily heroic missions. do heroic missions are when you are at level 50 or higher in the game.
eat a healthy diet. get enough sleep. exercise. live in the moment. be grateful for what you have.
navigate to https://www.facebook.com in a web browser. , go to facebook settings. block apps. block an app.
don't tell anyone about your password. make sure your password is not related to something you like or what you post on social media. make your password hard to guess. don't use your password on other accounts. use two-step verification on your phone. make every other computer on your computer trusted. check your account activity. if you have a recovery e-mail, use it to send a message to gmail about the compromising of your account. change your password if you did not change it. if the hacker(s) sent messages to all your contacts, contact them immediately and tell them not to send you any money or anything else.
find a suitable clothes pin. , draw the eyes and mouth on the base of the spring. attach the spring to the clothes pin with glue or glue. place the spring on the pin.
exercise regularly. eat a healthy diet. find regular respite care. get plenty of rest. do things you enjoy. stay connected to your support system. recognize the signs of caregiver burnout and seek help.
apply for an australian citizen's visa if you are a citizen of australia. apply for a new zealandian child's visa, if you're a child of an Australian citizen.
sip on some mint tea. add some spice to your meals. chew on gum. eat off blue plates.
get a bike. learn how to ride a motorcycle. learn the basics of riding a bike: braking: when you are riding down a straightaway, try to go slow and steady. whoops: whoops are one of the most dangerous parts of riding. practice, practice, and practice some more until you are comfortable with them. , have fun!
calculate cost increases for all of your expenses. use cost increase percentages to determine profit margins. calculate the value of collectibles. perform other cost calculations.
look your best. build your confidence. don't let rejection get you down. start with casual openers. keep the conversation focused on them. compliment them. flirt with your body language. use your eyes. make eye contact. use body language that makes the other person feel good about themselves. use the "i" and "you" method. use "i"-statements. use “you” statements. don’t be afraid to break the touch barrier. know when it's time to break it off. make sure you're not trying too hard. be yourself.
rinse the millet in cold water. drain the millets in a colander. rinse the millett under cold running water. heat a frying pan or skillet over medium heat. , add the rice and millet to the pan. cook the grains until they are golden brown. serve with rice or other grains as desired.
prune helleborus in mid-winter. prune the old leaves. remove damaged leaves. cut away diseased parts of the plant to prevent the spread of disease.
dress for the weather. create an hourglass shape with a wrap dress. wear heels to accentuate your legs. visit a tailor for a custom fitting session.
write down as much information as you can about the person you are tracking. write down the person’s full name, address and any other personal information you have about them. get the person's contact information. search for the person on professional networking websites. ask friends and family members of the person if they know the person. use a search engine like google or yahoo. ask other people you know if they have known the person for a long time.
start with the basics. move on to the tops. move onto the bottoms. move to the coats. move into the dresses. add the finishing touches. finished.
schedule your orthodontic appointments. use the key. insert the key into the uvula. turn the screw. remove the key when you are done. take the key out when you have finished. schedule a follow-up appointment with your orthoderontist if necessary. finished.
get organized. make use of your time. create deadlines for tasks and deliverables. respond to email and other messages in a timely manner. build strong relationships with your coworkers. listen attentively. sit up straight.
open the google+ website. wait for the person you want to add to your circle to appear in your contacts list. open the profile page of the person or organization you wish to add. click the "follow" button. open your google+ contacts. click on the profile of the profile. click "new contact". edit the information for the new contact. finished.
cry it out. listen to the song. write it down. write about it. don’t be afraid to cry. do something else. close your eyes and imagine yourself doing it. draw a picture of the song on a piece of paper. sing the song again. if you still can't get through it, don't give up. seek professional help if necessary.
open microsoft word. click file. click on save as…. click on file. , look at the format of the file. check to see if it says save as .txt.
examine the vehicle's appearance. check the safety rating of the vehicle. try the vehicle out. consider the price of the car. know what to avoid when buying from a dealer. buy a vehicle from a private seller if the vin number is not on the title. pay for a report on title if you are buying secondhand. ask an independent expert to inspect the vehicle before you commit to buying it.
fold the paper. fold the paper in half. fold in half again. fold over the top.
go for a walk. have a picnic outside. go stargazing. go for a date on the water.
ask for an itemized statement. check for error. find an advocate. negotiate with your medical provider. don’t send it to collections.
be prepared for negative reactions. get to know the child. let the child lead the way. be prepared to bring the entertainment. get the child moving. be silly. be available to play. don't get distracted. make sure the child is well-fed and well-balanced. keep the kids happy. keep an eye on the parents' moods. be a good listener. be patient. keep your cool when the parents are gone. stay calm and collected.
choose a character that is good at dealing damage, and can deal a lot of damage with a little bit of.
stay calm. use “i” language when you talk to your sister. ask your sister how she is feeling. consider your own behavior. understand your sister’s needs. talk to a parent or guardian if you’re having a hard time dealing with her.
go to http://www.microsoft.com/mail/ and sign up for a free account. look at the features of windows live mail. sign up to get the best of it.
serve warm comfort foods and drinks. serve finger food and snacks. serve a variety of foods with different toppings. have a birthday cake.
determine if the cat is a stray or feral cat. look at the cat’s behavior towards humans. observe the cat's behavior towards people. listen to the cat. observe where the cat hangs out.
introduce your pets to each other. supervise your pets at all times. watch for signs of territorial behavior. give your pets time to adjust.
weigh yourself regularly. set long-term goals. reevaluate your progress as you continue to lose.
decide what materials to use. come up with a name for the restaurant. decide on the hours of day the restaurant will be open. create a menu by hand. choose a theme. plan the menu. present the menu to your customers. add some games. use felt food. use play dough. use paper plates. make a sign. decorate the outside of the restaurant table.
open pinterest. tap the pinterest app. tap ☰. search for an image. tap an image to view it. tap ⁝. tap save.
invite a small group of people to your confession. don't try to be "cool" or "cool.", be honest with yourself. tell the person(s) you've made a mistake. be honest about what happened. be humble. be prepared to take responsibility for your actions. be willing to admit your wrongdoing. ask for forgiveness. be ready to make amends and restitution.
choose the right bag. pack water and snacks. pack food. pack reflective tape. pack a poncho or coat. pack mylar sheets. add a whistle or a whistle. pack athletic shoes. pack your athletic socks. pack bandages. pack other emergency supplies. pack an extra pair of shoes. add your cell phone and charger. include a first aid kit. pack first aid items. pack extra clothing. pack toiletries. pack emergency first aid. pack medical supplies. include first aid supplies. add extra clothing items. add personal items. put together your work station. put your work clothes in your work bag. add some personal items to your work kit. make a map of your work area. put a map in your bag. make sure you have a way to get to work from home.
learn about the religion. talk to people who know about mormonism. ask people who have left the church. read the book of mormon. talk with mormon missionaries. become an investigator. take lessons. make commitments. live the lds lifestyle. attend church services. reflect on your experience. prepare for your baptism interview. attend the baptism. accept the invitation to become a member. follow the requirements of baptism. maintain chastity and abstain from harmful substances. maintain your testimony.
prepare your poultice. brew tea. soak a towel in the tea. wrap the towel around your neck. repeat as many times as needed.
know which formats of dvd are compatible with your devices. know which brands of dvds work best with which devices you have.
think about what you're going to wear. think about how you want to dress. start with the basics. add a little glam. add some fun accessories. get a bag. get some new shoes. , add some jewelry. , get some makeup. , go to the mall and buy some new clothes. , buy a new purse. , if you don't want to buy new clothes, you can always make your own. , don't be afraid to shop at thrift stores. , try a new perfume. , pick up some new lingerie. if you're short, tall, or on the heavy side, go with skinny jeans, heels, and skinny jeans. no curves?, pick a style. don't wear the same thing all the time. pick one color for fall. pick the right fabric for the occasion. pick a color for the season. , wear it all!, don't forget the shoes!, bring out the blazers. , bring out your jeans. , take out your skirts. take out the dresses. , put out the jackets. , do your hair. do your makeup. take care of your skin. try new hairstyles. do you want your nails to look like kat's or kenden's?, do your nails like kendin's. , have fun with your hair!, be sure to always have a good sense of style. , remember, you are who you are, not the rest of the world.
make sure your tack fits your pony. ask a friend to ride your pony for you. tell your pony where to go and when to stop. take your time when riding. when riding at a trot, rise to the trot to a pony's stride, not to a horse's. don't be afraid to ask for help from other horses. if you are riding a horse, don't push your pony over. if your pony is bucking/rearing/bucking, do not push them over with your legs, use your legs to push them out of the way.
open your iphone’s settings. scroll down and tap privacy. tap advertising. slide the tracking switch to the “off” position. tap the privacy tab. tap don’t track me. tap ok. slide track me to the "off" position.
empty a plastic water bottle. add vinegar and baking soda to the bottle. mix the two ingredients together. cap the bottle and seal the lid. shake the bottle to create tension. throw the bottle onto cement and aim for the plastic lid. watch the rocket shoot into space.
wait until the weather warms up. obtain jicama seeds. prepare the seeds for planting. choose a sunny location. plant the seeds in a medium-sized pot. water the seeds. dig holes in the soil. place the seeds into the holes. sprinkle the seeds with water. fertilize the soil with fertilizer. stake the vines when they are tall. keep the soil moist. remove the flowers when they die. remove any pests. use tubers to remove the tubers. dig a hole for the vine. place your tubers in the ground. water and fertilize as needed. water when the soil becomes dry. harvest the jicamas when the vines are 3 in (7.6 cm) tall. cut the vines back when the vine is 4 in (10.2 cm).
rinse the glass with cold water. , place the glass in the freezer. remove the glass from the freezer when it is frozen.
decide if you want to start your own company. consider opening a franchise. consider working as an independent contractor. find a way to work for yourself. write a business plan. find an address. create a budget. get financing. choose a name. register your company. pay tax. register as a sole proprietorship. become an s corporation. become a limited liability company (llc). become a partnership. open a business bank account.
examine the color of their coats. look for a thick winter coat. check for a sleek summer coat. assess the size of the cattle. look at the horns. check the hooves. watch for rapid growth. consider their ability to forage. research breeders.
place the stained area on a flat surface. apply butter to the stain. allow the butter to sit for a couple of days. wash the fabric. check the fabric to see if the stain has been removed completely.
choose the right bronzer. choose the right blush colour. apply the right amount of blush. select the right finish for the weather.
teach pattern recognition. predict small events. ask them to think about the last time something similar happened. follow up your questions with an explanation.
cover a table with green paper. cut out a paper house from a sheet of paper. make a paper lake. make houses from paper. place the paper houses and trees on top of the green paper on the table. add other elements to the scene. decorate the scene with glitter. hang santa in his sleigh. hide presents under the trees and under the houses. add a christmas tree at the bottom of the lake, if there is one. , add a garland garland.
get to know this person in real life. request their friendship on a social network. do some background research. start a casual chat. send them an e-mail. be positive and light-hearted. keep the conversation short and to the point. keep it casual. don't be too obvious. be yourself. keep your expectations realistic. ask them to hang out in person. ask for their phone number. ask about their schedule. be prepared for rejection if it happens.
learn about blitzcrank's abilities. learn about his ultimate. grab a few minions at level 1. grab w at level 2. grab e at level 3. use aegis of the legion at level 4. grab an enemy champion at level 5. use the ultimate at level 6. build up your mana. start a fight. when the enemy jungler takes your turret, jump out of the way and grab the enemy. keep running until you reach 20% health. use your manamune. when your mana shield is at 80%, use your w. , when you are at 100% health, use your q. , use your e. , grab a minion and pull them to your turret. , attack the enemy with the turret. beat up the enemy's dragon with your dragon. finished.
make salt or sugar rims. make a sugar rim. garnish the margaritas with strawberries. try different fruit flavors for a strawberry margarita. consider making a non-alcoholic margarit for serving to minors.
get your band together. sign up for a myspace account. add some friends to your myspace profile. upload some music and videos to your profile. update your profile regularly. let people know that you have a gig coming up. start playing gigs in bars. keep your fans and followers coming back.
read the instructions provided in this article. remove the negative battery lead and negative battery cover. locate the brake line bracket. locate and remove the front wheel well wheel well. find the brake brake line that extends from the front of the wheel well to the rear of the truck. remove both the front and back wheel well brake lines using a 12 to 14 inch (30.5 to 35.6 cm) extension and a 14mm socket and ratchet. , remove the rear wheel well cover. , locate the left front wheel strut. remove top brake line cover.remove the left rear wheel strut using a 13mm socket, swivel headed ratchet, and 14mm flex socket. remove positive battery lead. remove negative battery leads. remove starter. replace negative battery led. remove brake line. remove bushes. check the windings. replace the starter. insert the new starter into the starter housing. re-install the positive battery leads and positive battery cover and top bolt. reinstall the brake lines, replace the wheel, and replace the plastic rivets and rubber guards. , re-boltune the wheel bolts. replace brake line and wheel assembly. replace battery lead, negative battery and positive lead cover, replace positive battery mount, and top bolts. , start the truck, remove the jack stands, remove jack stands and jack stands. , check the transmission fluid levels, replace negative and positive batteries lead, and the starter should be in the engine compartment.
commit to your treatment. interact in small groups. listen to the other person more than you talk. set boundaries for your friendship. refrain from being needy. don’t let your friend’s lack of plans trigger you.
decide if you want to be an environmentalist or not. decide whether you want capitalism to end. decide what economic system to use. decide how you will change your lifestyle.
choose the barrett over the intervention if you want a more powerful weapon. , look for areas with high ground cover. don't forget about the recoil. consider the magazine size and reload time.
clean the area you want to decorate. separate the temporary tattoo from its packaging. pick off the clear plastic backing. apply the tattoo to your skin. hold the backing in place with a dry cloth or sponge. wait 30 seconds. peel off the backing. wait ten minutes. moisturize and dust the tattoo.
take advantage of your alone time. explore your hobbies and interests. use technology in moderation, but not.
know yourself. don't look for a boyfriend for the sake of having a boyfriend. stop trying to be "cool.", make lots of friends. take your time. be yourself. remember who you are, and stay true.
do not use a paste adhesive that contains zinc. clean and dry your dentures. apply a small amount of paste adhesive to the upper denture. apply three to four dabs of paste to the lower dentured. reapply the adhesive as needed throughout the day.
recognize what is within your control and what is out of your control.there are some things in life that you are in control over, and some things you are not. learn how to be a more resilient person. be more adaptable to changes in your life.it is important to be aware that you may not be in control of everything in life, but that doesn't mean you have to avoid trying to be adaptable.
install smoke detectors in your home. install a fire extinguisher. keep matches and cigarette lighters away from children, and keep them out of the reach of children.
open facebook. go to https://www.facebook.com in a web browser. enter your email address and password. tap the "messages" tab. tap messages. scroll down and tap edit messages. tap edit. tap and hold a message you wish to delete. tap an arrow next to the message's name. tap "delete" in the top right corner of the context menu. tap delete again.
brush your teeth twice a day. brush your teeth after you eat. wait after you’ve eaten. use a soft or sensitive bristled toothbrush. choose a toothpaste with the american dental association seal of acceptance. brush with the correct technique. brush for two minutes. store your toothbrush properly. replace the toothbrush every three to four months. floss your teeth at night. roll the end of the floss around your hand. hold your floss between your thumb and forefinger. rub your teeth with your index and middle fingers. rinse your mouth after flossing.
play on the realistic difficulty setting. work on your reaction time. build a good character. use the best weapons you can afford, but be aware that the weapons aren't as good as you think they are. play with people who are at least a few ranks higher than you. find a good place to play (i.e. if you are playing with friends, play with them in a multiplayer game. know the map of the map. use grenades. use c4. don't be afraid to use camouflage, but don't use it too much, because the terrorists will see you as a threat and will try to kill you.
turn off the internet. stop checking your email. turn off the tv and radio. wear headphones. set up a study area with plenty of books and magazines. change your environment.
talk to the vet about tooth extraction. discuss laser surgery with the vet. ask about clinical testing for your cat's stem.
do strength training 3-4 days per week. do plyometrics 2-3 days a week. focus on strength training every 4th day. do strength training at least once a week in the summer. build up aerobic conditioning and strength training over the summer months. taper mileage every third week. include sprints and intervals in your training. do interval training 3 days a weeks. do hill sprints 2 days a month. do sprints on the weekends. do long runs 2-4 times a week, but not too long. include a long run on the weekend of the race. take a rest day. eat a balanced diet. drink plenty of water. rest.
gather your supplies. wash your hands. measure out the salt and sugar. add a liter of water to the salt solution. stir the solution. pour the solution into a clean pitcher or bottle.
ask for an expensive present on your birthday or christmas. show your love for macs. don't talk about other computers all the time. show how well you take care of other things. be a good student. do your chores. buy a macbook from a reputable source. get a mac that will last for years and won't pull your hair out on the weekends like a pc-geek.
make sure you're at least level 60. get a good weapon. get some runes. get an air staff. , get some blood runes. ,get some fire runes.get some water runes.go to the staff merchant and buy the air staff, 400 blood runes, 400 fire runes, and 800 fire.go back to your inventory and buy your other 2 staffs. , go to the arena and fight kolodion. , kill him and get the second staff.get the third staff. get the blood runes for each staff. go to a place where you can cast spells without being killed. train the staffs until you are at level 60 or higher. go back to the merchant and get all your staffs and buy them. train until you have the spells you want to use in the arena.
pay attention to her body language. build sexual tension. know when to give her the window of opportunity. be prepared for the worst. work on building intimacy.
restart the game. launch nfs world. log into nfsw. choose a new driver from the list.
close all of the windows and doors in the room. lock the door to the room you are in. close the blinds/curtains. turn off the lights. stay quiet. call your family and friends as soon as you are sure they are out of the room and safe.
determine if you are eligible to work under 14. determine how many hours you can work during the school week. determine the hours you are allowed to work on holidays.
use the palm strike to strike the temple, the side of the neck, or the head. use the hand strike to hit the jaw, the solar plexus, and the forehead. apply the palm and thumb strike to the groin, the head, or both. learn how to use the thumb and index finger strike. learn the palm, thumb, palm, and forefinger strike. practice the thumb, forefinger, and middle finger strike, also known as the u-strike. learn to strike with the knife or blade hand, also called the "sonnal anchoragi.", learn the thumb strike, which is the most common way to strike a person with a knife hand.
determine the time difference between israel time and your local time zone. dial 011. dial the international phone number for the number you want to call. dial 001-972.
unplug your ipod and unplug it from the charger. , remove the back of the ipod. remove the front faceplate. unscrew the screws holding the battery in place with a pry bar. remove your digitizer. remove all the screws that hold the digitizers in place. replace your broken lcd screen if you are replacing your outer protective screen. replace the battery if you have not already done so. , replace your protective screen if necessary.
define your core beliefs. reflect on your core values. engage in a social activity. pick up a new hobby or activity. use the internet. attend a religious or spiritual meeting. join an activist group. get involved in political politics. join a professional organization. meet new people. be open to new experiences. be a good listener. accept rejection gracefully.
listen to some music on the phone. ask questions about the person you want to talk to. think about why you are calling. think of all the good things you can say to this person. take a deep breath. start with, "hi, how are you?, ask, "how's it going?, talk about something that happened at your party. ask a question. talk about yourself. start talking about your life. relax and enjoy the conversation. when you're done talking, think about what you've learned from your conversation with the person.
eat a testosterone-friendly diet. eat nuts and seeds. increase your zinc intake. start your day with oatmeal. eat eggs. eat cabbage. lose weight if you're overweight. cut out processed sugar from your diet. take testosterone-boosting supplements. drink plenty of water. exercise regularly. get a good night's sleep. avoid alcohol and smoking. get enough sleep. get plenty of exercise. quit smoking.
make sure you have any important documents or files saved to your email account. check to see if there is any money on your account. save your product keys and passwords. notify your contacts that you are closing your account, and give them a new email address. cancel any subscriptions you have with your email service, if you have a microsoft account, or any other service.
choose a deep conditioner. apply the conditioner to your hair. let it sit for 5–10 minutes. dry your hair with a blow dryer. wash your hair normally. divide your hair into sections. style your hair as usual. repeat regularly.
recognize physical abuse. look for signs of physical injury. recognize signs of sexual abuse. recognize the signs of emotional abuse. notice if the woman gives excuses for injuries. consider whether the woman has isolated herself.
know the answer to the question. look for clues. use your general knowledge. use the encyclopedic knowledge technique. try the weakest case first. use logic. use common sense. try to guess the answer without looking at the question at all. don't be too hard on yourself. be careful not to assume the answer is something you already know. be aware of the limits of your knowledge. be prepared for the possibility that the answer may be wrong. be ready for the unexpected.
open an image in the preview app. click on file in the menu bar at the top of the screen. , click on export as…. click on resize. , select a new size. select a save location.
take a bath. use a body scrub. eat a healthy diet. stretch. exercise regularly. use aromatherapy. get enough sleep. take breaks throughout the day. take a break every 90 minutes.
open twitter. tap your timeline. tap the profile icon. tap me. tap settings. tap account settings. scroll down and tap account info. , tap add email. , type your email address into the “email address” field. tap next. open your email. tap confirm.
open itunes on your iphone. click the music tab. click preferences. click itunes preferences. check the box next to "prevent devices from syncing automatically". make sure the checkmark is checked. close itunes. connect your ios device to your computer. click your device's icon. click options. click music. click library. click songs. click add to library. scroll down and click icloud. select your device. click and drag a song onto the devices section. click done. open the settings app. scroll to music. tap music. slide the "icloud music library" switch to the "on" position. tap save. open music on your phone. tap search. tap the search bar. type in the name of a song. tap a song's name. tap play. tap library. tap songs. tap all. tap add music. select a song to add to your playlist. tap done. tap albums. tap purchased. tap and hold a playlist photo. tap +. tap download. tap ok when prompted. wait for your music to finish downloading.
ddetermine if your dog is overly aggressive. identify behavioral problems. talk to your vet about pheromones. take your dog to the vet. choose a dog-appeasing product. decide on an application method. consult your veterinarian. plan ahead. purchase a dog pheromeone product. reapply the application method periodically. set a calendar for application. use a diffuser. clean your dog's environment. keep your dog indoors. give your dog time to adjust to the new environment.
decide if this is the right option for you. review the course syllabus. ensure that you meet the course’s requirements. connect with your professor. inform your employer of your online course. find a quiet place to study. write down the due dates for each assignment. create a study schedule. stick to your schedule. complete your assignments on time. review your assignments regularly. take notes on your progress. complete any assignments that are due before the due date. study for your exams. complete the coursework. submit your assignments. pay attention to your study habits.
locate the radiator hoses. check the condition of the hoses to determine if they are in good condition. squeeze the radiator hose to check for a soft spot. adjust the hose clamps.
get your opponents out of the game. use the rules to your advantage. establish yourself as the next thrower if you can.
gather the necessary materials. spray the bread with water. seal the bread in a plastic bag. store the sealed bread. observe the growth of the mold. dispose of the sealed container. make as many samples as you need. experiment with different conditions. test different temperatures.
create a watermark on your image. save the watermark as a .tiff file. find the original image and save it on the internet. find your original image. go to filters and go to filter-enhance-unsharp mask and change the amount.
understand the assignment. determine what the assignment calls for. read and reread the text several times. jot down your initial reactions. annotate the text. ask yourself questions. freewrite your initial thoughts. decide what you want to say. write a rough draft of your paper. write your introduction. write the body of the paper. create a conclusion. proofread and edit your work. make sure you have enough time to write. use proper grammar and punctuation. write in the first-person. revise and proofread your paper as needed.
load up materials from mr. strindberg’s warehouse. head to an undeveloped island. build a warehouse. start building a city center. build the building modules. place a fishery on your island. receive a message from m.strindberg asking for more parts for your turboine. build 1 rotary excavator and 1 coal power station. read your mail. pick up steel from the northeast warehouse. build more worker barracks. build another city center and more houses. get the optimized turbobine for your new city.
wash, slice, and soak citrus fruits. crush fresh berries. add cucumber. add blackberries and sage leaves. add apple and other hard fruits. choose your fruit. wash the fruit. cut the fruit into rounds or cubes. add water. filter the water. pulverize the fruit (optional). add herbs. add ice. chill and strain before serving. steep for 1–2 hours. strain and serve. mix with other fruit and herbs. steep with other herbs and spices. add fruit and spices to make a fruit tea. mix fruit and tea with other ingredients. add other ingredients to make an herbal tea. make a tea and fruit smoothie.
click on the apple menu. click on system preferences. , click on the general tab. select system preferences . click on desktop & screen saver. check the "change desktop picture" box. click ok.
understand what a business lawyer does. talk to business lawyers. obtain a bachelor's degree in business. work in a business environment. take the law school admissions test (lsat). apply to law school. attend a bar exam. research law schools. apply to a business school. get a job as a lawyer. join a professional organization. take continuing education courses. pass the mpre. apply for admittance to a state bar. register for the state bar examination. take part in informational interviews. register with your state's bar association. get admitted to the federal bar. start your own practice. stay in touch.
use a medium-firm mattress. sleep in an adjustable bed. try a reclining chair. use a pillow that supports your neck. place a pillow between your knees when you sleep on your side. elevate your feet with a pillow.
catch a deino. have a pokémon who knows the move false swipe. use a dusk ball to capture the deino if you don't have one already. go into the wild and find a wild deino to capture. level up your deino until it reaches level 50 or higher to evolve into zweil.
invite your guests. send out invitations. specify the duration of the silent dinner. plan to serve dishes that do not require verbal communication. discourage guests from speaking. ask guests to refrain from writing or reading. turn off cell phones, tablets, and other technology. ask that guests stay at the table until the dinner ends. encourage guests to communicate through non-verbally body language. explain to guests that they are not obligated to speak. explain that the dinner does not have to end with applause or applause. encourage your guests to leave when the dinner is over. thank your guests for coming.
find something meaningful to your partner, such as flowers, chocolates, a special place, a song, etc. know what your partner likes and wants. plan. make the arrangements. keep it a secret. don't go overboard with the cost. make sure the timing is perfect. execute the surprise. be prepared for your partner's reaction. enjoy your anniversary, and don't forget to tell your partner how much they mean to you, and how much you care about them. finished.
take care of yourself. take some time to think about what has just happened. get rid of everything that reminds you of him/her. don't dwell on the past. remember that its okay to be sad, but don't wallow over it. try to find someone new. remember you're not alone. think about how you felt before the breakup. do something you've always wanted to do. take care of your appearance!, don't try to get pity from people. listen to music, music is a great way to cope.
do business locally. ship the item. do not accept payment by paypal. ask for cash. consider asking for a personal check. avoid paying by cashier's checks. never accept money orders. never pay more than your asking price for a money order payment.
decide when you want to visit. drive to the park. purchase a park pass or buy an individual pass. take the shuttle to the valley. stay in a hotel or campground. visit some of the other attractions in the valley: visitor center - this is the main attraction in the park and has everything you need to see and do. take a hike or bike ride on the park trails. go on a day trip to the falls. visit half dome. go to bridalveil fall. visit el capitan. visit the other waterfalls. take pictures of the valley and the surrounding area. take photos of half dome and the valley from a distance. take photographs of the falls from the viewpoint.
ask open-ended questions to get different perspectives. gather data and materials from all subjects involved. organize your data in one place. create a thesis-like statement. organize the rest of your material in a way that makes it easy to access and analyze.
find a suitable work surface. remove any nail polish that has stuck to the surface of the brush with a toothpick. clean the brush out with warm soapy water. use a damp cloth to wipe off any remaining nail polish from the brush. , rinse the brush in warm water. place the brush back into the container with the nail polish still on it. add a small amount of non-toxic cleaner to the container. allow the brush to air-dry in a warm, dry place for at least 24 hours. use the brush as you would any other nail polish brush, such as a paintbrush.
wash your hair with shampoo and conditioner. make a vinegar mixture. soak your hair in the vinegar mixture for two minutes. add baking soda to the water. rinse the vinegar out of your hair. put 4-5 teaspoons of hydrogen peroxide in your hand and comb your hair through with your fingers. let the peroxide sit in your hair for 15 minutes.
understand the benefits of sprinting. warm up before you run. run a warm-up lap. sprint. rest between sprints. keep your core in line with your legs. use your arms for momentum, but don't overdo it. stop sprinting when you're done. drink plenty of water. stretch after your sprints and cool down.
prepare the chocolate. make the cream mixture. pour the chocolate mixture over the cream and sugar mixture. add the vanilla extract.
do not use fats. combine the corn syrup and alcohol. brush the glaze onto the fondant. let the glazed fondant dry completely.
use orthodontic wax. apply the wax to the back of your mouth. move the wire if necessary. cut the wire off if it is too long.
recognize the different types of seizures. keep track of how often your dog has seizures. watch for unusual behavior. keep a diary of your dog's seizures. understand the difference between a seizure and a seizure. have the dog assessed by a veterinarian. rule out other conditions that could cause seizures. allow the vet to run blood tests. get a ct scan or an mri. ask the vet about a brain scan. give your dog medication. give the dog anti-seizure medication. follow the vet's suggestions for treatment.
take control of your thoughts. ask yourself what the worst thing that could happen is. practice deep breathing. redirect your imagination.
hang out with a variety of people. introduce yourself to new students. if someone says something to you that annoys you, don't look at them like a fool. if a student asks you for help with something, and you don't know how to help them, just ignore them and say, "oh, well, i don't think you need help with that, but i can help you with that.", be nice to everyone, even if they don't like you. speak like a mature person.
eat foods rich in iron. take iron supplements. add copper to your diet. take folic acid supplements. increase your intake of vitamin a. vitamin a plays an important role in the production of red blood cells. take vitamin c. vitamin c is another essential mineral that helps in the absorption of iron in the body. exercise regularly. avoid smoking and drinking alcohol. talk to your doctor about a blood transfusion. get a blood test. understand the importance of a good rbc count. know the symptoms of anemia. be aware of the risk factors. know how anemia is diagnosed. understand how it's diagnosed.
open a new excel worksheet. copy and paste the formulas from the previous article. enter a new variable for each variable. increase or decrease the variables. use an amortization table to calculate future value.
go to your local hardware store and buy a tube of food coloring. mix the food coloring in a small bowl. fill the bowl with water. add 1-2 drops of food color to the water. close the tube and shake it to mix it up. take a q-tip or ring finger and apply a thin layer of color.
cut your bread into cubes. toast your bread. prepare the rest of your ingredients. cook your vegetables. make your egg mixture. combine your stuffing ingredients in a bowl. transfer your mixture to your slow cooker. cook the stuffing for 2 to 3 hours on low. consider making your stuffing vegan or vegetarian if you'd like to.you can also use 1/4 cup (56.7 g) of melted butter and chicken stock instead.
recognize the difference between cystic and common acne. look for cystic acne scars. know that you can effectively pop pimples and blackheads. recognize that treatment is possible. make an appointment with a dermatologist immediately.
wear pantyhose. choose the right shoes. wear the right jewelry. consider adding a belt. add a scarf. wear a pair of black pumps. wear black gloves. carry a nice bag. consider wearing a hat.a hat can be a great addition to the little black dress and can make a lovely statement with the black dress backdrop. , accessorize with the right accessories.
look for micro-expressions. watch the person's nose. look at the mouth and lips. notice eye directionality. watch how the person blinks. notice the hands and fingers. don't ignore eye contact.
understand menstrual cramps. make lifestyle changes. take pain relievers. ask your doctor about birth control. try acupuncture treatments.
choose a high-quality brisket. season your brisket with a dry rub. consider making a mop sauce. heat up your grill. add your meat to the side of the grill. smoke the meat with water-soaked wood chips. sear the meat. let the brisket rest for 10-15 minutes. remove the meat from the grill and let it rest for 5-10 minutes before serving. serve the meat warm or at room temperature. serve with a side dish of barbecue sauce. add a garnish and serve immediately.
label food with allergens. try new foods. talk about other topics outside of work. share recipes or recipes with other lunch swappers.
obtain a library card, if you don't already have one. find out what resources are available. ask a librarian for help. visit the library website. check out the library's online catalog. ask about online services. ask for help with technology. use a library computer. join a library program. take advantage of library programs. make the most of your time at the library. use the library as a resource for your career. attend a public library meeting, if one is offered.
open the page that you want to delete. make sure that the "page Thumbnails" pane is visible. select the pages that you wish to delete from the list.
keep track of how many hours your child watches tv each week. select good shows for preschoolers. look for classic tv shows for older children. do your research. watch tv shows with your child. talk about what your child learns from tv shows. encourage your child to use his imagination. balance tv with other activities.
set goals for yourself. break the book up into smaller sections. eliminate distractions. get into a good reading mindset. highlight or underline important passages. paraphrase important material in your own words. ask yourself questions as you read. take notes as you go. make a list of things you like about the book. read the book out loud. take breaks between sections. read with a friend or family member. take a break from reading.
create a new image in photoshop. create a new file. open the layers and animations panels. add a new layer. draw or add text to the layer. create another layer. click the new frame button. create more frames. view the first frame in the animation panel. create additional frames. save your animation as a gif.
notice if he glances at you. notice if he smiles when you come around. pay attention if he seems nervous around you sometimes.
go to the underworld. wear the appropriate armor. find the chests in the dungeon. go to the chests. don't stay too long in the underworld, though. finished.
decide how often you want to wear flowers. decide how many flowers you want. choose your flowers. pick the right flowers. chill your flowers before you wear them. cut the stem of the flower. paint the stem. use a bobby pin. secure the stem with bobby pins. put the flower in your hair. place the flower strategically. wear an updo. wear the right outfit with the flowers.
open tuvaro. find your browser shortcuts. right-click on the shortcut you want to change. click the "properties" menu. find the "target" section. change the address of the target line for each shortcut.
keep your bedroom clean. keep your bedroom clutter-free. reduce the noise level. turn off all appliances. write a list of the things you need to do before you go to bed. take a bath. meditate. spritz your body with water before going to sleep. adjust the temperature of the room. lie on your side or on your back to get the most out of your sleep.
peel and cut the potatoes into bite-sized pieces. place the potatoes in a large pot. bring the potatoes to a boil over medium-high heat. cook the potatoes for 15 to 20 minutes. drain the potatoes. mash the potatoes with a potato masher. transfer the mashed potatoes into a serving dish.
preheat the oven to 350 degrees fahrenheit (180 degrees celsius). boil the water. poach the tuna. add the tuna, lemon, and thyme. cook the tuna until it flakes. boil a separate saucepan of water. boil the pasta. drain the pasta and keep warm. melt the butter. add and sauté the onions. whisk in the flour. stir in the milk. season and grate the sauce. combine the sauce, pasta, and cheese. mix in the bread crumbs. bake for 25 to 30 minutes. remove from the oven. serve and enjoy. finished.
open the start menu and type "system preferences". , click the "scan" button and scan all of the pictures you want to personalize your desktop with. create a folder on your desktop that contains all of your pictures. click on the desktop personalization icon. go to the "desktop & screensaver" menu. choose "personalize desktop" from the dropdown list. choose the folder that contains your pictures from the list. click "choose folder...". choose your image folder, then click "browse". click "ok" to save your changes. , go back to system preferences and click on "change picture settings". choose how often you want your images to change. change the image order.
choose your self-tanner. apply the tanner to your face with your fingers. apply tanner under your hairline. contour below your cheekbones. blend your tanner in with your fingertips. wait for the tan to set.
launch google play store. search for “sms backup+”. download the app. launch gmail. log into your gmail account. go to settings. enable imap access. launch sms backup+. connect to google. back up your messages. sign into gmail with your google account. enable auto backup for a regular schedule.
check your hamster’s body shape. look for signs of diabetes. watch for wet tail. check for tapeworms. deworm your dwarf hamster. watch out for pneumonia. look out for abscess formation. inspect for assesses regularly.
be true to yourself. stand up for what you believe in. question everything. use your talents. trust yourself. set realistic goals. tell people about your dreams. focus on the good things. accept that you will make mistakes. take responsibility for your actions. break free from the shackles of the past. make a conscious effort to learn from your mistakes. don't be afraid to ask for help. be willing to make sacrifices. be a leader. be an inspiration to others. be the change you want to see in the world. live in the present moment.
think about what you want to say. do your research. consider who else you may want to come out to. choose the right time and place. explain yourself. be prepared for a range of reactions. be supportive. give your partner time to process it. give them space. be patient. don't be afraid to ask for help. take care of yourself. take some time to grieve.
choose your team wisely. pick a good midfielder. if you're playing with kritter, try to get him to pass the ball to you. , if you are playing with dry bones, make sure you keep him at the back. try playing with a power captain. if it's a team game, you can play with any of the following players. try using hammer bro. hammer bro may be the best because he's the most powerful player.
navigate to the amazon kindle page on wikihow. click on the "more" button in the upper right corner of the page. , click on "more options.", select the type of account you'd like to use. choose the option that you want to use to manage your device. click "next" to continue. , follow the instructions provided in the article provided on how to use a kindle keyboard. enjoy using your kindle on your device!
make a budget. designate a coordinator. designate 2 coordinators. choose a location. make sure that the location is convenient for everyone. have some activities. make some bookmarks. greet your family members when they arrive at the reunion. make a list of all the things you will be doing during the reunion, such as making a cake, playing games, playing cards, etc. , greet your guests when they enter the reunion hall. make it a family reunion to remember. take lots of photos and share them with your family. , make a scrapbook and share it with your friends and family members at home.
visit your local veterinarian’s office. visit the websites of dog breed clubs. look for a referral from a dog breed club. visit a dog show. contact the breeder. set up an appointment to visit the puppies. introduce yourself. inspect the puppies’ living environment. examine the puppies' health. observe how the puppy interacts with other puppies. observe the puppy's behavior with its mother. ask questions about the puppy’�s health and temperament. ask if the puppy has a history of illness or illness. ask about the owner.
cut the quilt block to the size you want it to be. , sew along the edge of the block with a straight stitch. cut two pieces of fabric that are the same size as the block. , measure through the middle of the border. , cut the border fabric. , place the two pieces on top of each other. place the border on top and bottom of the top and the bottom. sew the two sides together. , finished. finished.
think of your prospects and customers as if they were your friends, and you were trying to solve their problems. answer questions, even if you don't know the answer to the first question. don't be afraid to offer something of value to the people that need it. be willing to spend time and money to learn the basics of web marketing. answer the questions where the questions are being asked. have something to say, and say it in the right places. use the internet to your advantage. create content that can be re-delivered, and can be used again and again. break down the information. keep it up to date.
use patch cables. put a tuning pedal first. put tuners first. go for wah-wahs and filters next. put distortion and overdrive pedals last. put modulators, phasers, and chorus pedals next. experiment with different combinations of pedals. use a power-patch cable. invest in a pedal board. keep your set-up on a board, rather than on individual pedals.
do freaky, creepy, or creepy things with strangers. be weird.
use her missile attack. use her grab attack. know when to use her smash, up smash, and forward air attack. don't use her back air attack too much. use the dash attack, but not as much as you might think. when you have a lot of damage done to your opponent, use the back air. remember, samus is a great character. finished.
be friendly, but not too friendly. spend more time with them. avoid the power struggle. find something you like about them. be polite. don't let them walk all over you.
download and install gboard. enable contacts search. select gboard as your keyboard. tap the google icon on the keyboard. search for a contact. share the contact.
do not attempt to retrieve your phone yourself. reset your passwords and logins. contact your service provider and ask them to deactivate your phone. contact the police if you cannot find your phone within 2 hours. call your phone company to cancel your sim card. report your lost phone to the police.
be funny. be quiet. don't hate angels. be cool down. have a best friend. always have something nice to say to your enemies. never show any signs of anger or fear. be a loner. be strong, but not so strong that you can carry a truck with your little finger. wear clothes that make you look pretty, but don't show off too much. if you want to look like bayonetta, try to wear a black dress with a little bit of makeup.
chop the cantaloupe. blend the yogurt and vanilla yogurt. add the mango and ginger and honey. pour the soup into a large bowl and chill. serve and garnish the soup before serving. finished.
acquire matches. get a grill. get an octopus. have the octopus in your rucksack. start a bonfire. choose the octanus that you need for the recipe.
insert the needle into the fabric. draw the needle through to the a point. poke the tip of the needle down. insert the needle back up. thread the needle and thread through. repeat down the line. poke out at a point halfway along the first stitch. split the thread. repeat the process. tie a small knot. finished.
make a rectangle with the purple rods. attach the snowflake connectors to the rectangle. make two standing bases. connect the blue and red bases to the snowflakes. fix the criss cross on the blue base. make eight red rods and four purple connectors. make four red rods. make the star. attach two red connectors to each of the two red slots on the star piece. make six of these "dark green" attachments: attach one red connector to one of the blue rods, one blue connector to the other, and one purple connector to another red connector. repeat the previous step with the remaining four blue rods. , repeat the same process for the remaining three rods. place the wheel in the center of the structure. make a second wheel. make one last row of seats. attach a yellow connector to each end of the yellow rod. , attach a blue rod to the top of the purple connector. , slide a tube through the blue rod. attach another yellow connector on the other side of the tube. , continue the same steps for the other two wheels. , make a third wheel. , connect the remaining two blue rods to the remaining blue connectors on the standing base. , create the fourth wheel. attach all of the seats to the wheel. create the fifth and final wheel. add the final row. add a snowflake to the last row. make another row. finish off the ferris wheel. finished.
choose the right colors. invest in neutrals. dress for the weather. wear comfortable fabrics. go floral. wear open-back shirts and shorts. keep an umbrella handy. finished.
go to the google play store. click on the search bar at the top of the screen. , type "play coins" in the search box. , click on "get play coins". , walk around the park. check your steps and play coins. play with your dog.
send out the invitations. invite your friends. make sure your guests have a good reason for wanting to bring clothes to the party. have each guest bring one item of clothing that they want to donate to the charity. hold a vote on who gets to wear the item first. have fun!
get comfortable. wear comfortable shoes. make sure your shoes have good arch support. pack light. carry your bag strategically.
determine the amount you owe. print out your bill. choose your payment method. address your payment envelope.
open recovery os. connect to wi-fi. select “i forgot my password” from the recovery os menu. enter your apple id and password. click “next” to download your recovery key. enter a new password for your local computer account. reboot the computer. create a new login keychain. manually create a keychain (if necessary).
ask your doctor what a healthy weight is. talk to a mental health professional about mental health issues. consult a nutritionist about diet changes.
visit your doctor. ask your doctor to rule out other conditions that could be the cause of your chest pain. get a prescription for antibiotics if your doctor recommends it. take prescription medications for chronic pain. try alternative treatments if the pain does not go away on its own. rest the area that is causing the pain. apply heat to the area where the pain is occurring. apply ice to the sternum joint. do chest stretches. stretch your chest muscles. take a hot shower or bath. eat foods high in vitamin c. vitamin c is a powerful antioxidant that can reduce pain and inflammation in the chest joint. drink plenty of water. eat a healthy diet. exercise regularly. get plenty of rest. avoid smoking. avoid alcohol and other drugs. get regular check-ups with your doctor and a specialist.
cut a piece of construction paper to fit the coffee tin. draw a rectangle on the construction paper. glue a square of fabric to the top of the tin. attach the lid. decorate the drum.
explain to your children that it’s not their fault. avoid talking negatively about your ex in front of your children. listen to your child. ask open-ended questions. don’t push your child to talk about the divorce. give your child time to process their emotions. help your child find a support system. talk to a therapist. consider couples’ counseling.
do some research on hamsters. make sure you know what hamsters are like. talk to your parents about the pros and cons of having a hamster. make a list of the things you will need. ask your parents if you can have a pet. wait for your parents' answer. ask them why they don't want you to have one. if they say no, don't give up. save up your money. show your parents that you are ready for the responsibility. make an inventory. put your hamster in a safe place in your room. don't talk about getting a pet with your other animals. if your parents say yes, try not to beg. if you do get a pet, take it to the vet and get it checked out at least once a year.
talk to your veterinarian. read the instructions. call your cat’s veterinarian. decide on a method.
choose the right shirt. find an image of a cartoon logo. reverse the image in an image editing program. get the right type of transfer paper. trim the background off of the image. place the image onto the transfer paper, image-side-down. follow the directions on the paper. let the shirt dry before you wear it. finished.
remove the broken nail. apply pressure to stop the bleeding. trim off any remaining nail pieces. soak your finger in warm salt water. apply antibiotic ointment. bandage your nail. soak it.
remove clutter from your home. clean the floors of crumbs, crumbs and debris regularly.
visit the western union website. look for the "contact us" link. click the "chat with us" button. wait for the chat window to open. enter your contact information. select a reason for your chat. provide the necessary information to the chat agent. change your money transfer request.
recognize that overthinking is a common problem in relationships. deal with your emotions. bring it up to your girlfriend. talk to her about it.
provide your coral with an aquarium light with a timer. add a variety of fish, shrimp, and microfauna to your aquarium. feed your fish and other sea creatures that live alongside your coral. add live food sources to the water. feed fish directly to your coral, if necessary.
keep bears away from your tent. don’t leave food out for a bear to eat. avoid wearing anything that smells like food. hang your clothes and food from the clothesline. eat foods that are not likely to smell like bear food. tie a rope to the top of your tent to keep the food out of the bear’s sight. hike out in the early morning if you see a bear in the area you have camped in.
use the quadratic formula ax2+bx+c=0{\displaystyle ax^{2}+b x+ c=0}.
give your kitten a bath. , dry your kitten off with a towel. brush your kitten’s hair. give your pampered pet a special treat. play with your kitten every day.
remind your child not to lick their lips. keep your child hydrated. use a toothpaste that does not contain sodium lauryl sulfate. avoid toothpaste with nickel. protect your child’s lips from cold and dry weather. avoid exposing your child to citrus fruits. apply a lip balm or ointment to their chapped lips twice a day. wet their lips with a wet cloth. do not let your child touch their lips or put dirty things in their mouth. look for white patches on their tongue. ask your doctor about an anti-fungal cream to treat a yeast or Candida infection. consider lip eczema.
take your cat for a walk. restrict outdoor time to mid-day hours. create a safe enclosure for your cat outdoors.
determine how you will get to chile. choose your accommodations. create a budget for your trip. plan your sightseeing. make a daily travel plan. dress for the weather. pack a small purse or small purse. pack your money. bring a credit card or debit card. bring your cell phone. bring cash for souvenirs. take a camera with you.
make sure that you can see the candle at all times. make sure that the candle is in a safe place. place the candle on a stable surface. keep the candle away from children and pets. don't leave candles in high-traffic areas. keep candles away from windows and curtains. check the wick of the candle before you put it in the holder. use candle holders. use candles on a plate. use a tightly fitted cup for votive candles. avoid taper candles.
talk to your teacher or boss about your report requirements. choose a topic for your report. conduct research on your topic. research your topic thoroughly. find credible sources. consider your audience. introduce your topic in a clear and concise manner. write a title page. write your introduction. write the body of the report. include a table of contents. include an abstract. include your conclusion. include tables, figures, or illustrations. write an introduction. create a table for your abstract. create an introduction for your body of content. include sources for your tables. use tables and figures. cite your sources correctly.
choose a fun umbrella. wear sunglasses. wrap a sash or belt around your waist. wear a hat with a wide brim. wear springtime jewelry with a nature theme. wear leggings beneath a skirt or dress. finished.
go to http://www.microsoft.com/downloads/ and download the latest version of the hosts zip file. double-click on the hosts file to open it. click on the "run" button and follow the prompts to run the hosts program. , follow the on-screen prompts to install the hosts software. restart your computer. , check your internet browsing history to make sure everything works.
supervise all interactions between your dog and children. keep your dog in sit and stay. allow children to approach your dog slowly. do not allow the child to play with your dog. remove your dog from the situation.
identify the target of your attack. determine the type of information that you want to steal. think about the types of companies that are most likely to have weak security. look for ways to get into the operating system of the target company. find exploits that will allow you to gain access to the running system. obtain access to a user account on the running application. use the internet to your advantage. try to get inside the company's website. use a phishing technique to enter information into the system. use malware to get access to other parts of the system that the user does not want to access. , create a backdoor that will make it easier for a hacker to access the system!
open your iphone's settings. scroll down and tap general. tap accessibility. tap restrictions. make sure you're in the restrictions app. tap background app refresh. slide the button next to "background app refresh" to the off position.
get an iphone 6 or an android phone that is about the same height as your phone. get some air-dry clay. gather the items needed to make the phone stand. start with a square piece of clay. mold the square into a sphere. cut off the edges of the square. make a rectangle out of the clay. fold the square in half. make another square out of clay using the same method. cut the rectangle into a rectangle. attach the rectangle to the base of the phone. check the shape of the stand. check that the stand is ready to be used. paint the clay with acrylic paint. let the clay dry for at least 24 hours. choose a color. paint a thin coat of acrylic paint over the entire project. allow the paint to dry completely. , paint the rest of the project. , allow the clay to dry for another 24 hours or until it is completely dry. , apply a thin layer of acrylic or acrylic paint to the clay and allow it to dry again. , let it dry for a few hours. , add any decorations you want to add. , once the clay is fully dry, paint the stand with acrylic. , wait for it to fully dry before adding any more decorations. , decorate the stand again. let it fully dry for about 24 hours before adding anything. , you're ready to use your phone stand!, enjoy your new phone stand!
make a list of all the toiletries that you need to bring. don't overpack. make sure that you don't bring anything that you've never used before. write down your toiletry routine. get a bag that is big enough to hold all your toiletries. buy a small bag that you can put all of the toiletry items in.
perform standing calf raises. do squats in a chair. do standing toe-to-toe toe flexes.
get kai's look. get the look. be a hard worker. be serious. be loyal to your team. kai is very loyal to his team, but he does care about them.
put the ice cubes in a blender or food processor. add the banana. pour in the yogurt. add in the honey or sugar substitute, if desired. pour the smoothie into two tall glasses or mugs and serve it up.
put on a new pair of socks. blow hot air on the boots with a hair dryer. wear the boots for 30 seconds. remove the boots and let them cool. repeat the process if necessary. apply a product designed to preserve the leather.
wear clothes you can run around in. wear masculine accessories. cut your hair and don’t.
wash the skin of your neck daily. exfoliate your neck weekly. moisturize your neck. wear shirts and ties that don’t rub against your skin.
choose a car insurance broker. choose the best-rated car insurance companies. don’t settle for the lowest price. look for discounts. check if you qualify for additional discounts. get a discount if you’re a woman. don't accept a renewal quote if you don't want to pay for it. get quotes from as many insurance companies as you possibly can. check out different types of car insurance. compare car insurance quotes online.
understand what a business development manager does. know what the job entails. do some research on the job. get a bachelor’s degree. take business courses. consider getting an mba. do an internship. specialize. join a professional association. get an entry-level job. apply for a full-time job. look for a job in a variety of industries. apply to multiple companies. prepare for an interview. be prepared for the interview. do your homework. get the most out of your interview. follow up with a letter of recommendation. be a good communicator. be willing to work long hours and travel often. be flexible. be able to adapt to change. be ready to move up quickly.
lose weight if you are overweight. exercise regularly. stay hydrated. avoid sleeping pills and other stimulants. clear your nasal passages. avoid long-term use of oral decongestants. try a humidifier. try an anti-nausea medication. consider surgery. talk to your doctor about a sleep apnea specialist.
go to a metal shop and buy a black t-shirt. buy some band shirts. buy a pair of jeans. get a belt. get some good shoes. get yourself a kutte. make your own jacket. add some band patches. add a band patch to your shirt. add spikes, studs, spikes, and spikes if you feel like it. , get a band hat. add facial hair, facial hair and facial hair accessories. you're now ready to rock out!
help your golfer feel at ease. stay positive. stroke their ego. offer words of encouragement when a golfer is having a bad day.
watch the television. go to the grocery store when you are a child. talk to your children about the dangers of junk food. limit the amount of time children spend looking at junk food packaging. do not allow children to sign up for junk food reward sites that allow them to buy junk food in return for a certain amount of money in the future.
heat the butter and garlic in a saucepan over medium heat. add the tomatoes, onion, and celery. add in the stock and creme fraiche. blend the soup. serve the soup while warm.
take your dog to the vet. consider your dog’s comfort level. dress your dog in a warm, snugly fitting garment. check your dog's paws daily. avoid bathing your dog.
ddetermine what immigrant category you belong to. determine whether you'll need an underlying petition. check to see if a visa is available for your immigrant category. fill out form i-485, the petition for an alien worker, if you're applying for a green card through your employer or family member. file the appropriate form with the appropriate government agency.
do not react too strongly. do not respond with a verbal reaction. distract your hedgehog if it is nipping or nibbling at you. put the hedgehog back in its cage immediately. avoid overfeeding and watering. watch for signs of illness. avoid stressful stimuli. be careful not to teach it to bite. get your hedge Hog comfortable with you. know the difference between nibbling and licking. keep your hedgehogs healthy. hold your Hedgehog gently. let it go through its daily routine. wash your hands before handling it. watch its quills.
have small interactions with people. stay up-to-date on current events. listen to other people. be confident. practice.
understand the open ended nature of a rental agreement. research local and state laws regarding rental agreements. research health and safety laws in your area. research security deposit laws. search for sample rental agreements online. include basic information about the property and the renter. state the duration of the agreement. include a provision for termination of the tenancy. state how payment of rent will be made. describe the conditions of the property. describe what the tenant must do to keep the property in good condition. describe how the landlord can evict the tenant. include any other provisions or conditions related to the rental. add any additional provisions or provisions. sign and date the document. make copies of the rental agreement for your records.
prepare a clean catch. prepare a clean area. wash your hands and your hands. pull down your son's pants and underwear. place the cup on a paper towel. clean your son’s penis. wipe the penis with the sterile wipes provided by the doctor's office.place the cup under the toilet/urinal.have your son sit down on the toilet or urinal. position the cup. remove the cup when it's about 1/3 full. cover the cup and put it away. have your son pull his foreskin forward. have him wash his hands.
recognize the many benefits of femininity. create a safe space for yourself. find peace in yourself. meditate. connect with nature. take care of your body. dress to suit your body type. style your hair and skin to reflect your best features. take good care of hair. apply makeup to enhance your natural beauty. wear makeup that enhances your natural features. embrace your feminine beauty. be kind to others. be compassionate. be generous. be a good listener. be gentle with yourself and others. practice self-care. be confident in who you are and what you can do. accept your inner beauty. finished.
practice the task that makes you nervous. prepare for the task. visualize success. relax yourself. take deep breaths. avoid sweating. avoid fidgeting. think about why you are nervous. don't worry too much about it.
try an elimination diet. avoid dairy. avoid high-glycemic grains. avoid gluten if you have a gluten allergy. avoid stimululating drinks. avoid foods high in sugar, chemicals, and unhealthy fats. eat foods rich in omega-3 fatty acids. add probiotics to your diet. increase your fiber intake. drink plenty of water. take an igg test. take a warm bath. use emolloidal creams and lotions. apply a moisturizer to your skin. apply aloe vera gel. use a moisturizing lotion. apply an aloe gel.
get plenty of sleep. eat a healthy diet. drink plenty of water. exercise regularly. reduce your stress level.
open the rca remote code finder. turn on the device you want to program. point the remote at the device. find the device button on your remote. press and hold the “device” button on the top of the remote. enter the code for “rca” and press the button. press the power button. test the remote to make sure the code was entered correctly.
decide who you want to invite. decide on a theme. make and send out invitations. serve food. set up a place for guests to sleep. decorate your house. plan some activities for when guests arrive. get some new clothes for the next day. make sure you have a place to sit and wait for your guests to arrive. enjoy the party and have fun with your new friends!
watch out for earthquake lights. pay attention to unusual behavior in animals. look out for foreshocks. take action if you feel the ground begin to roll or hear loud shaking.
treat her like a person. don’t be jealous. spend time with her. don't be clingy or clingy.
open the document you want to take a screenshot of. click the start menu and select "run". , type "screenshot" in the search box. , click "take a screenshot". select the active window. open a new project. take your screenshot. save it.
prepare the acetone. apply petroleum jelly to the edges of your nails. soak your nails in acetone for 30 minutes. remove the gel with a cotton ball. shape and buff your nails with a nail file. finished.
talk to your doctor about surgery if the bleeding is excessive. have a myomectomy to remove abnormal growths in the uterus. have fibroids surgically removed. consider endometrial ablation. ask your doctor if you should have a hysterectomy done instead.
understand what a learning disability (ld) is. learn about the different types of lds. recognize the symptoms of lds. look for the general symptoms of a ld. note the specific symptoms of each type of lsd. take note of your own symptoms. consider whether or not the symptoms are being caused by outside factors. take a quiz or questionnaire. know that individuals with lds are not typically intelligent. recognize that many famous people have had lds, as well. finished.
listen to his voice. talk to him about what's going on in the war, and ask him what he's been doing. make a list of things to include in the box. make the box yourself. put all the items in it. put the box in a safe place where it won't be disturbed, such as a closet or closet.
open popcorn. click on the "new project" button to create a new project. , click on "events" in the left pane to open the "editor pane". , click the "events tab" to add your first event or objects. , drag and drop an event into the timeline selector bar to change its position in the video. , adjust the current position of the slide-bar. understand the layers/tracks/layers. know how to manage your events/objects in the editor pane. understand how to manipulate the timeline in the tracks timeline pane. learn how to add events to your project. add a media source for your video. make sure your project is open in a web browser. save your project by clicking on "save project" at the top right corner.
look for travel deals on the internet. check your bank account to see how much it will cost to go on a trip to a new location. create a budget for your trip. decide how far you want your money to go in each destination. buy a travel guidebook for each destination you plan to visit. check to see if your airline will charge you for checked luggage when traveling.
choose a conductive material. choose a jar with a lid. line the inside of the jar with metal foil. insert an electrode into the lid. wrap the jar in foil. charge the leyden jar.
open the safari app. tap safari. tap the "back" button. tap an entry on the history page you want to clear.
turn off the air conditioner. remove the filter. purchase a foaming cleanser. apply the cleaner to the outside of the air-conditioner coils. clean the filter, if necessary. turn off the unit and allow it to cool. turn on the unit. allow the unit to cool and adjust thermostat to low temperature. wait for the condensate to form in the drip pan. re-apply the cleaner, if needed. check the humidity. turn the unit back on and let it cool again. , check the temperature and humidity. , turn the air conditioning off and allow the coils to cool completely. , test the outside coils. rinse the coils manually. turn it back on. check to see if the discharge air is clean. if the problem persists, it may be time for service or replacement. , call a professional.
understand the importance of early detection. recognize the symptoms of kidney failure. look for increased thirst. notice if your cat is urinating more often. check for signs of dehydration. pay attention to weight loss. smell your cat's breath. check the cat's mouth and stomach for ulceration. feel your cat to see if her muscles are thin. look at the size of the cat’s lumbar vertear. check your cat for scoliosis. take a blood sample. have your vet take a urine sample. ask your vet to take a kidney biopsy. get a kidney ultrasound. have a renal biopsy done on your cat.
open the powerpoint presentation you want to export. click the “export” button in the upper-right corner of the screen. , select “save as”. select a file type. click save.
go to the pogo website at http://www.pogo.com/ and click on the "play now" button located in the top right corner of the game screen. , select the game you want to play. click the advertisements to begin playing the game. roll the dice three times in a row. define the category of the yahtzee you wish to play by clicking the blue cup in the bottom right corner. , complete the category definition. , click the category. , roll the second y Yahtzee. complete the required number of rolls in the category to be scored in the round. click "submit" when you are done. complete any additional bonus throws you'd like to receive bonus coins for. wait for the game to end when the game is over. finished.
understand the equation for calculating monthly payments. find the principal of the loan. determine the interest rate. calculate the monthly interest rate on the principal. determine how many months you have to repay the loan in order to repay it. plug your variables into the equation. solve the equation to find the monthly payment on your loan.
look for a dipole in the bond. notice the difference between metals and non metals. look at the number of valence electrons in an atom.
use third person omniscient point of view to show character thoughts and actions. allow the narrator to reveal inner thoughts and feelings. use first and second person pronouns only in active dialog. do not use third person pronouns in non-active dialog.
run errands. take public transportation. hang out in a public place. talk to someone you see often. go to a friend’s party or get-together. exercise in a new location.
eat plenty of fruits and vegetables. eat zinc-rich foods. include omega-3 fatty acids in your diet. finished.
pick a goal weight. track your progress. set goals. reward yourself. share your success with others. make changes to your diet. limit your intake of certain foods. prepare your meals ahead of time. keep yourself informed about nutrition.
take beano to reduce bloating and gas. talk to your doctor about fiber supplements. know when to see a doctor if your symptoms don’t improve.
decide if you are old enough to get your ears pierced. calculate the cost of the piercing. consider your pain tolerance. talk to your doctor. check if piercings are allowed at your school or work. ask your parents for permission. decide if you want your earlobes pierced. download an app to help you visualize your piercing. decide what type of jewelry you want. choose a piercer. ask the piercer about the process. ask about the recovery period. ask if you can wear the jewelry for a few weeks. consider getting a second piercing, if you need to.
plan your meals ahead of time. find healthy recipes. reduce your fat and sugar intake. eat less red meat. eat a proper portion size of food.
open skype. click ☰. click settings. click account settings. , click privacy. , scroll down and click chat history. click delete chat histories. click the trash can icon. click ok. click yes when prompted. type in your skype username and password.click ok. finished.
use this method if the ground is very hard and you have a lot of posts to pull. use a post puller if you have only a few poles to pull and you don’t have a post driver. , use a sledgehammer if you’re using more than one post or post piece. , pull the post out of the ground with your hands. , try this method to lift the post from the ground if you are using a pole. , rent or buy a postpuller. , drive the post in.
sell the dress online on ebay. sell the dress on etsy. sell your dress on craigslist. use a bridal-focused resale site.
choose your clothing and location in advance. stand in front of your partner. tease your partner as you take off your clothes. stand with your legs together or spread apart. lift your hands up over your head. take off a button-up shirt slowly. repeat the process until your partner gives in. remove your negligee or negligee. pull off a skirt. pull your jeans off. remove a pair of stockings. take your panties off slowly. pick a sexy thong or other item of clothing to reveal your legs. put on a sexy lingerie or lingerie. wear a sexy pair of shoes. put your hair in a sexy ponytail or bun. finished.
find a place where you can pick blackberries. go to the area where you want to pick. pick the berries. pull the berry straight up with your fingers. keep picking until you've got all the berries you want. decide what you're going to do with them.
be aware of the problems that can arise in a relationship that is not going to turn into a marriage. show your love and care for one another. understand that girls and boys have different needs and wants. show love and affection for each other. maintain a healthy balance of time spent together and time spent apart. make sure that you are mentally compatible. respect each other's individual space and identity. don't take the message to the other extreme.
make flashcards. label items with english names. download the duolingo app. use free english learning materials from the guardian. study english every day. find other ways to study language. study with a friend. understand the difference between synonyms and synonyms. look at word meanings. pay attention to spelling and grammar. practice your pronunciation. practice reading and writing in english. listen to english music. read as much english as you can. speak the language. take classes. take a language class. join a language club. take an english language course. join an online community.
gather information about the case. visit the website for the municipal court where the case was heard. make a records request. wait for the court to respond to your records request and provide information.
find a career counselor in your area. contact the following organizations for a list of career counselors: contact the national career development association (www.ncda.org/aws/ncda).
chill the ingredients. pour the sherbet into the punch bowl. add the juices and mix well. taste the punch and make any necessary adjustments. pour into glasses and serve. enjoy your sherbet punch.
compare the whole numbers of the numbers. make a table with rows and columns. fill in the decimal points. compare the digits in the tenths and tenths place values. find a larger digit in the hundredths place value. move on to the thousandths place. list the numbers in order from least to greatest.
tell them how you feel. ask him if he has his own issues. give him time to respond. tell him that you need some space and space.
become a directioner. learn the names of the members of one direction. listen to their music. watch their videos. learn their inside jokes. don't pick a favorite. find the jokes. ignore the haters. be respectful. respect the other directioners. join in on the fun. watch one direction videos. get involved in the fandom. be nice to the boys. be kind to the girls. be a good listener. be yourself. have a good sense of humor. have good hygiene. have fun with it all.
analyze your case. read the rules of civil procedure. identify the grounds for your motion. determine if you need a change of venue. discuss your motion with the other side. find the appropriate forms. fill out your forms. create your caption. add a certificate of service. create a proposed order. draft your signature block. sign the motion. make copies of your motion for filing. take your motion to the clerk of court. have the other party served. have your motion served. receive the judge's decision. prepare for your hearing.
write something. make music. draw, paint, or draw something. write a letter. make a memento with the things around you.
open a new document in word. select one of the templates. search for resumes on microsoft office online. download a resume template directly. edit your resume. use the resume wizard if you have it.
inspect the wound. put on disposable gloves. stop any bleeding. rinse the wound with cool water. clean the wound area with antibacterial soap and water. remove any debris or dirt. pat the wound dry. apply an antibiotic cream or ointment. cover the skinned knee with a bandage. change the bandage daily. keep the wound moist. monitor the wound’s healing. contact a doctor if the wound becomes infected. get a tetanus shot. get stitches if necessary. wear protective clothing. wear a knee brace. protect your knee from the elements. protect the wound from infection.
open the gmail app on your iphone. sign in to your gmail account. tap the gear button in the upper-left corner of the screen. tap "signatures.", find the signature you want to copy. edit the signature. compose a new message. send the message. tap and hold the email from your ipad to open it. select the message and tap the "edit" button. highlight the signature that you wish to copy and tap "copy". tap "paste.", tap "mail" in the top-right corner of your screen. select "signature" from the menu. tap your account name in the left field. place the cursor over the "copy" field. tap or click the "paste" button to paste the entire signature. review your copied signature. save your changes. attach the signature to your email account.
gather at least nine slime blocks. layer the slime blocks on top of each other. cover the surface of the square or circle with a thin layer of wood or stone. build a skinny tower at the top of your square. jump on the trampoline and bounce as high as you can.
decide how you want to use the box. use an old box. make a paper origami box to wrap your gift.
prepare yourself. get a flash reader. make sure you have a computer with flash. write down everything you need to know. don't skip anything. read act 1. read the comic. avoid spoilers. understand cross-shipping and headcanonting. never, ever, ever skip a part. read every single page of homestuck. listen to the videos. read through the entire comic, and then read the pesterlogs and intermissions.
bake a loaf. bake a loaf of bread. prepare a meal for the family. have a ritual. if you are a religious person, have a harvest ritual with your family. let the children play in the garden or in the rain. attend a harvest festival in your area. tell stories about the harvest to the children to help them get into the spirit of the festival. tell a story or sing a song about harvest to help the children understand what harvest is all about.
review your bank and credit card account statements regularly. check your credit report regularly. know when to report identity theft to your bank or other financial institution immediately.
find a teddy that you like. get your teddy a pencil, a pencil case, a board, and a pencil and paper. get a small backpack. make a day plan. make an exercise mat. start teaching him/her the basics of math and reading. have fun!
make the "front page" of the card. make the "cover page". create the "inner page". decorate the inner portion. add the "birthday wishes" on the left and right sides. add a photo of you and the birthday person on the right side. finish the card with stickers, glitter, and any other extras you want.
learn the rules and regulations in your state. talk to other homeschooling parents. choose a method. read as much as possible.
go to www.photobucket.com. sign up for an account. create an album. download java. go to the upload page. click on the 'upload photos' tab. , click on 'upload'. navigate to the folder where your photos are. select the photos that you want to upload. select all of your photos. click 'upload' to upload your photos to the album. , select your photos and click on open. use your photos as needed.
gather fresh parsley from your garden. rinse the parsley. cut the stems off of the stems of parsley with a sharp pair of scissors. rinse and shake the leaves. cut off the ends of the sprigs and toss them into a large bowl. place the parsly on a baking sheet and toss it into the oven. wait for the Parsley to dry completely.
warm up before you exercise. stretch before you work out. know your limits. exercise at a moderate intensity. stretch your muscles. massage your sore muscles. take a hot bath. apply a topical ointment or balm. take an over-the-counter (otc) pain reliever. try an ice pack. consider taking an anti-inflammatory medication. see a chiropractor. talk to your doctor about prescription muscle relaxants.
go to the start menu. go to the control panel. click on programs. select the applications tab. select "programs and applications". click on the "program manager" tab. , click on variables.
choose between spring and summer shoes. enjoy sandals and espadrilles in the summer. avoid the sandals in the winter. avoid heels in the fall and winter.
use a basic test kit. check the water parameters. keep the tank at the right temperature. clean out the tank. clean the filter media. make sure that the tank environment is clean. use the right filter. keep your tank in the right environment. don't use food items that are toxic to your beneficial bacteria. keep a record of your water parameters and record your results. cycle your tank every day. keep an eye on your tank water. use a fishless cycle. try a fish-in cycle. use fishless cycling. try fish-out cycling. experiment with fishless and fishless-in cycling. do a fish cycle.
think about how your teacher feels. learn about your teacher's personality. talk to your teacher. be creative. speak your mind. say thank you to your teachers. pay attention in class. follow instructions. do your work. be a good student. be respectful. be nice to everyone in the class. don't be a troublemaker. get along with your classmates. do what you're supposed to do. get involved in extra-curricular activities outside of school.
encourage wakefulness during the day. get outside with your baby. make sure your baby gets enough daytime sleep. recognize signs of sleepiness. feed your baby every hour. establish a bedtime routine. teach your baby how to put herself to sleep. consider using a pacifier. soothe teething gums. keep your baby’s room as dark as possible. keep the room warm. don’t let your baby sleep for more than four hours at a time. avoid naps. avoid over-the-counter naps and sleep aids. try a sleep aid. try melatonin supplements. talk to your doctor about melatonin. consider other sleep aids if your baby is sick.
create a folder 'my docs'/music folder' on your desktop. create folder 'songline' on the server-side 'folder/songline'. create a song file. create a web presentation page with a single line at the top as follows: http://www.domain. domain.xxx/Songline/nameofsong.m3u. create 'mp3 audio play list file' on desktop. transfer the song file and 'audio play list files' to the server side. create new 'audioplay list file'. create 'new song name': as directed in step 4, 'new name of song. mp3.mp3' into html folder songline. transfer all the above steps to on-line web page. create another song file, and use the same address, single line, and change the name of the song title only as in step 3, as per step 4.
stand up straight. raise your arms. lower yourself backwards. rock back and forth. lock your arms and arch your back. let your knees drop. cave your body.
realize that you've been away for a long time. realize that people will be surprised by how much you've changed. get back into a routine. prepare yourself for what lies ahead back home.
buy your nintendo ds. choose a game you want to play. make sure the battery is charged. plug in the power adapter. plug the adapter into the wall. wait for the system to charge.
take a moment to think before you speak. listen to them. change the subject or ask a question. try to keep the peace of mind. take a break if you need to. know what will trigger your impatience, anger, or sense of annoyance ahead of time. walk away from the conversation.
write down the chords in your song. play scales or arpeggios in the key of the chords. play the root of each chord. lead.
understand what you can and can’t say. be prepared to answer questions lawfully. answer questions about the union authorization card. confirm that a union does not guarantee job security. respond to questions about pay for a strike.
ddetermine if surgical removal is necessary. ask your vet questions about the procedure. prepare your dog for surgery. place a surgical drain in the surgical incision. place an e-collar on your dog. clean the surgical site. monitor the incision for signs of infection. take your dog to the vet for a follow-up visit. follow your vet’s instructions for post-surgical care. feed your dog a balanced diet. give your dog plenty of exercise. monitor your dog's weight. keep your dog from licking or chewing at the surgical wound. keep the wound clean and dry.
understand what a fraction is. understand common fractions. understand what the top number in a fraction represents. understand the bottom number of a fraction. understand that the numerator and denominator are the same. understand improper fractions. convert improper fractions to make them easier to read. combine two fractions to get a "mixed" fraction, if necessary.
tell on your sibling. if your sibling pushes you, say that they pushed you. tell on your siblings. videotape them doing something.
be an active listener. reassure your loved one when he or she is in pain. encourage your lovedOne to stick with his or her normal routine. avoid trivializing or dismissing the pain for the sake of the symptoms.
eat more fruits and vegetables. eat breakfast every morning. eat a low-calorie, high-protein, low-carb diet for the next 4 days. reduce your calorie intake by 25 percent each day. choose lean protein for lunch and dinner. cut back on alcohol, caffeine and sugary beverages. avoid yo-yo dieting, which is a diet that is short-term and high-carb, with lots of carbohydrates and sugar.
identify the author, date of publication, publication, and page range. indicate the d.o.i. indicate where the article was retrieved from, if applicable.
realize that you are not the only one in need of forgiveness. let go of your anger. don't try to "get back" at the other person. forgive, but don't seek revenge. put the blame in god's hands. trust the lord. decide what to do. enjoy your life.
set goals for yourself. get active. find new interests. get busy. visualize a broom sweeping out the attic.
use msdb.dbo.sp_send_dbmail to send the results of a query as an email. run the stored procedure. use xml to get the results. run a stored procedure to transform the results into an html table. create the xml table with the tr-td tags. create a new job to execute the stored process and run the xml report. repeat the process until you have a list of all the people you want to send an email to. repeat this process as many times as you need in a cycle.
go to https://www.venmo.com in a web browser. click ☰. click charge. select a friend to charge. type your friend’s name into the “to:” field. type the amount you’d like to charge your friend. enter the date and time of your request. select whether you want your request to be public or private. click send. click the checkmark next to “send” to confirm.
heat the oil in a wok or deep-fryer. peel and slice the sweet potatoes. fry the chips. drain and serve.
open chrome. tap the chrome menu. tap "settings.", tap the "passwords" option. find the password you want to delete. clear your browsing history.
validate the person’s thoughts and feelings. ask questions about their diet. participate in discussions about dieting. contribute to the conversation. support the person in their diet changes. be mindful of those who have different diets. avoid speaking about disordered eating. refrain from blaming or judging. encourage the person to seek professional help. be clear about your concerns. avoid judging the person. avoid gossiping about the person's diet. avoid comparing yourself to others. recognize that dieting is a personal choice.
visit the turbo tax advantage website at https://www.turotaxadvant.com/en-us/index.html. , select the type of tax software you want to download. select the version of the software that best meets your computer’s operating system requirements. click the “buy now” button to begin the checkout process. , enter your preferred payment method and click “continue checkout.” if you have an account, enter your billing information and create an account. enter your payment information. review your information and download the software. edit your information.
choose your yarn and hook. chain 11. make a slip stitch chain. double crochet into the third chain stitch. make two more chain stitches and double crochet. repeat the previous two rows. repeat until a triangle forms. chain 100 chain stitches. repeat on the other side. bind off and wear the barefoot sandal.
purchase a feverfew seedling from a nursery or garden centre. plant the seedling seedling in a pot. feed the feverfew regularly. water regularly. prune the plant every two to three weeks. , harvest the flowers when they start to fade. , prune regularly.
examine the nature of your relationship with the staff member. consider how much control you have over the employee's actions. analyze whether the organization reimburses expenses and provides tools and supplies. review the average compensation paid by comparable organizations. look at the organization's geographic location. consider the staff members' responsibilities and responsibilities. compare the compensation of staff members to similar organizations. analyze the cost of services provided by the organization. consider whether the compensation is reasonable. analyze how much the organization spends on payroll taxes. analyze your organization's tax-exempt status as a whole.
open the app store. tap the search bar. type "uber" into the search field. tap get. tap install. tap open. open the uber app. tap allow. type in your phone number. tap continue. tap create account. create an uber account. open your android's app list. tap google play. tap search. , tap the magnifying glass icon. , type in the word "uber.", , tap install if prompted. , follow the on-screen prompts to install the app. open uber. tap sign in. tap request uber. enter your mobile number. sign in with your new account. tap where to?, type in a destination. tap a ride option. drag the map underneath the pin to change your location. tap accept to request a ride. wait for your ride. meet your driver at the pickup location. confirm your destination. rate your driver's ride. tap agree to the terms and conditions to finalize the ride. give your driver a 5-star rating.
cut out a piece of foamcore that is the same size as the circle that you cut out earlier. tape the foamcore piece to the inside of the circle. cut out a small piece of scored foamcore to fit on top of the already taped circle piece. start taping the circle to the lens. continue taping as needed. finished.
choose a shampoo. use a wide tooth comb to comb the hair. fill the sink with cool water. add shampoo to the water. wet the hair and apply shampoo. swish the shampoo through the hair in circular motions. rinse the hair with cool, lukewarm water. apply conditioner if necessary. use cool water to prevent detangling. add oil to the shampoo. apply the conditioner. rinse out the shampoo and conditioner thoroughly. dry the hair thoroughly with a towel. comb out any tangles with a wide-toothed comb. apply a moisturizing product. style the hair as you normally would.
purchase a waxing kit. remove your hair from your face. clean your skin. trim your hair. heat up the wax. trace the hairline with the applicator. apply the wax to your sideburns. remove the wax with a clean, soft cloth. apply a cold compress. clean up the area. repeat the waxing process in six weeks.
prepare your breeding area. separate your horses into two groups. breed your first group. breed the second group. repeat the previous two steps until you have 8 baby horses. breed another group of horses with the same type of horse. breed a third group with different types of horses.breed the last two horses.place the horses in a stall and wait for them to be ready for the next stage. congratulations!
buy a clicker. make sure the clicker doesn't make a lot of noise. get some good quality dog treats. put the treat in front of your dog's mouth. hold the treat up to the dog's nose. repeat this until your dog gets the idea that you are going to click the treat and give him the treat. repeat for a couple of times. continue this for at least a week or two. once your dog is used to it, you can move on to the next step. , give your dog a treat when he does it right away.
talk to your teacher. use online resources. find a tutor. find an online tutor or tutoring center.
measure the width of the head. measure the length of the face. measure from the top of the forehead down to the bottom of the chin. measure around the eyes using the width measurement from the crown of the crown to the front of the neck. measure and mark the space between the eyes on the left hand side of your sheet of paper. cut out the measurements using a pair of sharp scissors. , cut a hole in the center of the mask using the measurements you have taken. , measure and cut out a space for the nose using your measurements. , make sure that you have enough fabric to make the mask. cut the fabric according to the measurements on your pattern. , fold the fabric in half lengthwise. choose the thickness of polar fleece that you want to use. trace the pattern of a balaclava onto a piece of paper to make a template. use the width and eye measurements to determine the height of the balacla. cut a space in the middle of the pattern for the neck hole. fold the pattern in half and cut it out using the marks you have made. , finished.
download a world map app. use a geography website. decorate a wall with a large world map. print out copies of world maps and color them. work on a jigsaw puzzle.
open whatsapp. tap ⋮. tap settings. tap general. tap accounts. tap chats. scroll down and tap backup chats. tap back up now. tap backup. tap save. tap done. tap the back button. tap my account. tap whatsapp messenger. tap add account. type in your new phone's number. enter your old phone's phone number. tap next. tap sign out.
learn how to read and write in braille. learn how to use a cane. learn to prepare meals on your own. use audio tools to read online content.
get a good pair of tennis shoes. learn how to walk on your shoes. practice your crossover. wear a wrist guard. find a good place to practice. start off on a flat surface. stand with your feet shoulder width apart. start to cross over your feet. put your right foot in front of your left foot. turn your body so that your front foot is in back of your back foot. , step over your right leg and put it over your left. , do it again. , repeat this process until you can do it without falling over. , practice doing these crossover steps. , keep practicing. finished.
go to the juniors section. choose a western inspired top. add a jacket, cardigan, or blazer. go for bootcut jeans or capris. try a colorful miniskirt. wear cowboy boots. watch some hannah montana episodes. carry around a microphone. straighten your hair with a flat iron. buy a wig. wear a scarf. accessorize with bright jewelry. wear the right shoes. carry a large purse. wear earrings. use a hat. wear sunglasses. wear eye makeup. carry handbags. use fake eyelashes. use false lashes. wear false eyeliner.
gather the ingredients needed to make the chocolate. place the ingredients in the saucepan. , bring the water to a simmer. pour the chocolate into the bowl. , let the chocolate cool. finished.
be honest. stick to the facts. keep it brief. don't apologize for your actions. take responsibility for your role in the termination. avoid mentioning any legal issues. talk about the lessons you have learned. balance positive and negative.
choose a source of iron. fill a container with water. set up a power source. place the leads in the water. submerge the iron in water. turn on the power. leave the reaction for several hours. filter out the solution. bake.
choose a catchy title for your column. write an attention-grabbing opening line. answer the question, “who cares?” in every paragraph. write in a conversational style. use active verbs and active voice to cut down on wordiness and jargon.
ask for time to think. decide whether or not marriage is really your goal. give your partner time to process your answer. don’t wait too long to tell your partner. consider other options. keep the news to yourself, if you want.
ensure that you have the latest os version and firmware version. go to the microsoft software update page. ensure that the version of the phone and the web page are the same. download the update. install the update to your windows phone. restart your phone. check the status update status.
mix the water and lemon juice in a bottle. apply the toner to your face with a cotton ball. protect your face from the sun with sunscreen.
choose a suitable location for your espalier. position the maiden apple tree. prune the maiden tree in the spring of the following year. in the summer of the next year, cut back the top three shoots. the following winter, prune off the top two shoots and leave three healthy buds exposed on the single stem. the next winter, the top shoot is to be tied to the vertical support stake and the other two shoots to the side support sticks. the first tier horizontal climbing wire must be fastened to the second tier vertical climbing wire. the apple tree should now form more tiers. the tree should then be ready for the next growing season. finished.
donate your time. dance. spend time with friends who think you are beautiful and amazing.
go to the corner of el rancho boulevard and sustancia road. walk over to the tattoo parlor and listen to the woman cry out for help. follow the woman as she leads you to her house. don’t kill the woman. follow her back to the house. wait for the gang members to come out of the house and start shooting. take cover and wait for them to finish shooting. kill the gang and collect their money.
give your puppy a chew toy. put peanut butter on the toy. make a frozen rag to numb their gums. avoid giving your puppy dangerous chew toys.
gather your ingredients. mix the salt and water in a small bowl. heat the salt to a boil. pour the water into the bowl. stir the solution with a rubber spatula until the salt dissolves. submerge your finger in the saline solution for 2 to 3 minutes. rinse the area with clean water.
ask your doctor if you have an allergic reaction to any food.if you have a reaction to a food, drink, or any other substance, your doctor will likely recommend that you take an anti-histamine medication such as corticosteroids. ask your doctor about taking oral steroids.if your esophagus is inflamed and inflamed, you may need to take oral steroids to prevent irritation. remove suspicious foods from your diet.if the underlying cause of your symptoms are caused by a "culprit food," it is important to determine which one is the culprit.
pair it with a dress or miniskirt. wear it under a leather jacket. try a gray hoodie under a denim jacket. wear a slim-fit hoodie with pants.
try beet or carrot juice. use rooibos tea. use calendula and hibiscus.
consider the low calorie count. consider the low fat content. use powdered peanut butter to add protein and fiber without the extra fat.
dissolve the dye in hot water. add the lace to the dye bath. add salt or vinegar. dye the lace for 30 minutes. rinse the lace under warm and cool water. wash the lace thoroughly.
prepare to perform the trick. place your hands under the liftee’s head in a stack on either side of their head. begin to chant the following words: “i love you, i love you” and “we love you.” as you chant these words, slowly lift the person up from the ground and slowly lower them back to the ground. repeat the process until the person is able to stand up.
open the settings app on your iphone. tap the "wallet & apple pay" option. tap "add credit or debit card" and then "add card.", line up your card and enter your payment details. visit a website in safari. make sure your apple pay-enabled device is close by. make a purchase at a website that supports apple pay. click the "apple pay" button in the upper-right corner of the page. click "pay" to make a payment. confirm your payment with your touch id or watch.
check the ingredients on the box. replace eggs with flax seeds or yogurt. add baking powder. try a two-ingredient recipe.
decide on the shape of your character's head. decide on the hair style. determine the distance from the forehead to the top of the head. draw the outline of the character's hair. begin shading/colouring the hair. add colour to the hair using a black-ink pen. refine the hair and facial features once you are happy with the overall shape of the face and hair. finish up your manga character. finished.
remove the feet and the wings. pluck the outer layer of feathers. rip off the downy feathers. melt a block of paraffin wax in a large pot of water. dunk the duck into the wax bath. soak the duck in cold water. peel away the wax around the duck's midsection. finished.
put yourself in your child’s shoes. make sure your child gets enough sleep. feed your child a balanced diet. offer warning in advance. offer plenty of activities. spend quality time with your child. take your child with you on errands. try a light-hearted approach. make yourself laugh. record the sounds of your child whining. distract your child from his or her whining. give your child something else to do. reward your child when he or she stops whining. talk to your child about the behavior. consider taking your child to the doctor. consider a behavior modification program. teach your child self-soothing skills. consider enrolling your child in therapy.
recognize the symptoms of angina. consider the reasons you could be having chest pain. look for other symptoms of a heart attack. learn about coronary artery disease (cad). know your risk factors for coronary disease and cad risk factors.
consider the financial situation of the student. consider the academic challenges that the student is facing. consider how the student feels when he/she arrives on the university campus. think about the emotional challenges a student faces. consider that a student can only feel secure on the campus if he or she bonds.
move your bromeliad out of direct sunlight if the leaves are wilting and turning brown. move the plant to a more shaded area of your yard. adjust the plant's exposure to more sunlight if you notice discoloration or rot. give the plant more water if it needs it. mist an "air plant" with no soil if it gets dried out. deal with water problems immediately. watch out for pests and disease.
open the facebook website. click on your friend's name. click their name at the top of the page. click the "follow" button. click "unfollow" next to their name.
choose which method you want to use. go to a village. steal the flowers from the villagers. go back to your house. plant the flowers. enjoy your new flowers. , congrats!
go to the dota download page. download the patch. click the "download" button next to the patch you want to install. start the installation.
soak the sticker in rubbing alcohol. use isopropyl alcohol. wipe away the sticker with a degreaser. use nail polish remover. finished.
keep a gratitude journal. be grateful for the little things. don't compare yourself to others. be in the moment. meditate. get enough sleep. eat a balanced diet. exercise regularly. surround yourself with positive people. be kind to your friends and family. be thankful for the things you have in your life.
warm up your pasta maker. cut the dough into 1-inch (2.54-centimeter) thick pieces. place the dough on the pasta machine and turn it on. turn the machine on to its thinnest setting. use your fingers to lightly dust the top of the dough with olive oil. run the pasta maker through the first few runs, being careful not to get any dough on your fingers. turn your pasta machine off and let it rest for a few minutes, then run it through the next set of settings. repeat this process until you've thinned the dough to your desired thickness. remove the pasta from the machine and set it aside. brush the tops of each thin layer of dough with oil. stack the thin layers on top of each other.
talk to someone you trust. find a mentor. see a therapist or school counselor. understand that your parents may not love you the way you think they do. remember that it’s not about you. don’t treat yourself badly. practice positive self-talk. make a list of your positive attributes. avoid blaming yourself for your parents’ behavior. talk to a trusted adult about your feelings. get help if you need it. get involved in a support group. consider getting a pet sit.
gather your ingredients. preheat the grill to medium-high heat. melt the butter and parsley in a small saucepan. place 3 lbs. place the mussels on the grill in a single layer. cook the lemons for 5-10 minutes. remove the mussel from the grill and let them sit for 3-5 minutes. rinse the musels under cold running water. serve. finished.
look for 100 percent whole grain breads. check the label for "made with whole grains.", look for breads with a "multigrain" label. check for sprouted bread. look at the calories. look for the information on the nutritional panel. choose the bread with the least amount of sodium. check to see how much fiber is in the bread. make sure the bread is high in protein. avoid bread with a lot of sugar. avoid trans fats and saturated fats. watch out for added sugars and fats. look out for sourdough bread. keep the bread at room temperature. store the bread in the refrigerator. use it on toast or as a spread. top it with healthy toppings. add it to your favorite recipes. make it a part of a healthy snack. eat it as a side dish. make a healthy breakfast. make your own bread. cook it for dinner. make bread for your family. finished.
prioritize your significant other. make time for yourself. don’t spend too much time with your boyfriend or girlfriend. make sure to communicate effectively with your partner.
open a text editor. create a new file. name your class. declare the main method. write your program. compile the program. look at the results. open the directory where you saved the program in java. run the program and see the output.
keep your belongings close to you. keep valuables out of sight. sit in the backseat of the cab. have everything you need ready when you get out.
choose lipsticks that match your skin tone. choose lipsticks based on your skin type: fair, dark, olive, fair, fair and cool skin types can wear reds, browns, pinks and pinks.
open your iphone’s settings. tap general. tap accessibility. , scroll down and tap handoff. slide the button next to “handoff notifications” to the “off” position. , slide the switch off button.
launch an internet browser. go to credit karma’s website. log into your credit karma account. open the security settings menu. scroll down to the “change security question” section. choose a new security question. type in the answer to your security question in the text box below the drop-down menu. enter your password. save your new question to your profile. finished.
fill a tall glass with ice. pour the kahlua into the glass. hold the spoon in the middle of the glass with the dome facing up. slowly pour the first layer of ice cubes. continue to pour the next two layers. fill the glass the rest of the way. enjoy your drink.
check the temperature control dial on the refrigerator. check the freezer temperature settings. check for gaps between the walls and the appliance. turn off the evaporator fan. clean the coils on rear-mounted coils and floor coils. test the refrigerator for continuity. test each component for continuity with a multimeter.
clean grout with vinegar. remove mold and mildew from your kitchen floor. remove fish odors from the kitchen counter. remove coffee and tea stains from your coffee maker or coffee maker using vinegar.
open the google play store. search for a navigation app. tap the download button to download the app. wait for the app to finish downloading. open your new app. give the navigation app permission to access your location. find your destination. enter your destination in the search box or button. start the turn-by-turn navigation.
add a uv-protective film to your windows. avoid sitting near an open window. wear sunscreen indoors if you’re exposed to sunlight. use a qtemp device to monitor your uv exposure.
choose a design for your quilt. use a rotary cutter to cut out your blocks. cut out the backing fabric. cut the batting and top fabric into large and small squares. place the backing and batting on top of the quilt frame. sew the two pieces together. press the batting down with an iron to flatten it. trim the edges of the batting. create the rest of the blocks. sew a seam down the back of each block. turn the quilts right side out and turn them right side in. , turn the machine on and quilt the blocks together, using the long arm as a guide. enjoy your finished quilt!
visit a professional piercer. wash your hands before touching your piercing. don't remove the jewelry for 6-8 weeks after the piercing. clean your piercing with a cotton ball or q-tip. soak your piercing in a saline solution. know the signs of an infection. distinguish between normal side effects and infection side effects. differentiate between an infection and an allergic reaction. keep your piercing clean. wear clean, clean jewelry. keep the piercing clean and dry. take care of your piercing properly. avoid picking at the piercing site. avoid touching the piercing with your bare hands or fingers.
be aware of the relationships within the organisation. be aware of how well the systems and methods are working. explore other companies. be mindful of the intentions of the people you work with. look for ways to make the workplace a better place to work. try to be more mindful of your surroundings. be more aware of your own thoughts, feelings and actions. , try to live in the present moment. finished.
shampoo and condition your hair before you style. use a curl cream. apply curl-defining creams and pomades to dry, just-styled hair. use styling sprays and mists to restore the bounce and shine to dry hair. finished.
join a conservation organization. make a continuing donation. adopt a whale with a donation and a symbolic adoption.
download a torrent client. search for a torrent tracker. download the torrent. follow the instructions to install the game and apply the crack if necessary.
make sure that the assessment questions are clear and specific. ensure that the questions are easy to understand. determine the variables that affect the autistic person’s ability to participate in the assessment. determine how long the assessment session will be. make sure that all participants are included in the process. set up a plan for when, where, when and how to interact with the person. record the session. be sure that you are recording the entire assessment session, not just a small portion of it. keep track of the assessment as it happens. be prepared for the assessment to take longer or shorter than you expected. keep in mind that you will be recording after the assessment, not during it. prepare a report for the team to review. prepare the report for presentation to the team. , present the report to the individual. , ensure that all team members have access to the report. , advise the team on how to proceed with treatment planning and development once the assessment is complete. , follow up.
find a time bank in your area. attend time bank orientation. attend potlucks and other time bank events. attend an orientation. record an hour in your time bank software. make requests and offers.if you are a member, you can make a request for a meal, a time dollar, or any other item that you would like to exchange with another time bank member.you can also make an offer to a friend, family member, or anyone else who is willing to exchange time with you, as long as you are willing to wait.
draw a circle for the whale. draw the whale's body. add details to the whale’s face. draw its mouth. add detail to the top of the jellyfish. draw a line for the school of jellyfish's fins. add a school of fish. color it in.
preheat your oven to 350°f (177°c). spread the sand out on a baking sheet. place the baking sheet in a well-ventilated area. spray the sand with waterproofing spray. stir up the sand and spray it again. let the sand dry completely. pour the sand into a container. add a cap or lid to the container. pour some sand into the container of your choice. add water to the sand. decorate the sand, if desired. scoop out the sand from the water. wipe the sand down with a paper towel or paper towel to remove any beads of water. put the sand back into its container. store the sand in a cool, dry place.
choose a mild dog shampoo. bathe your apbt only when necessary. lather up your pet with shampoo and water. rinse your dog thoroughly. dry your pet thoroughly.
determine how much sleep you've lost. aim for eight hours of sleep per night. sleep at least 7.4 hours per night on the weekends and 6.8 hours on the week. try to sleep more on the weekend. avoid daytime naps. improve your sleep hygiene. avoid alcohol. avoid caffeine. avoid large meals before bed. avoid exercise before bedtime. prepare your bed before you go to sleep. adjust your sleeping conditions. get to bed at the same time every night.
begin with the name of the video in quotation marks. add the search terms in chicago style. type the title of the youtube video in italics. include the video's duration in parentheses. type in the minutes and seconds. type out the compiler's name. include a link to the youtube channel. add a date after the video title. finish with the exact url. cite a video in a chicago bibliography. use the same format to cite youtube videos in a bibliography, but replace the commas with periods when applicable. finished.
talk to someone you trust. get a referral to a mental health professional. confirm the diagnosis. discuss your treatment options. join a support group. find activities that make you feel better. invite a friend to do something with you. spend time in nature. make a list of goals. distinguish between good and bad thoughts. avoid self-medicating. avoid alcohol, drugs, and other harmful substances. exercise regularly. eat a healthy diet. get plenty of sleep. exercise. get enough exercise. maintain a healthy weight. avoid drugs and alcohol. avoid smoking and other depressants. avoid using drugs or alcohol. talk to your doctor about any suicidal thoughts.
put the seat belt around your waist. turn the belt the right way around. move your seat if the strap is cutting into your neck. purchase a padded seat belt. check your car's user manual.
use the right amount of primer. prime your miniature. use a separate base. use crazy glue to attach the base.
determine your friend's wii console number. have your friend determine his or her wii number. add your friend to your wii address book. wait for the server to synchronize.
wear bracelets. wear long-sleeved shirts with cuffs. wear swimming shorts. try board shorts or rash-guard swim tops. wear socks, tights, or high socks. cover your chest.
add berries to your breakfast foods. add berries to salads. eat berries as a side to lunch and dinner. snack on berries between meals.
choose your fleece. measure the width of your head. check the stretch of the fabric. print out a fleece beanie pattern. cut the fleece to size. cut a rectangle of fleece for your pattern. fold the rectangle in half across the width. fold it in half diagonally, lengthwise. pin the pattern to one side of the rectangle. cut out four more domes from the same fabric, if you want a solid colored beanie. cut two pieces of fabric in the same pattern for a reversible beanie, if desired. sew the dome pieces together with a sewing machine. attach the fabric pieces to the bottom of your hat. sew a seam on the top of the hat. add a trim to the back of the beanie if you'd like. add some buttons, sequins or gems to your hat, if needed. sew on a button or two to the front of the brim. add the brim to the hat with a seam allowance. try on your hat and see how it looks. finished.
consult the label. check the cost per unit. look for special ingredients. avoid brand name products. avoid appointments to hair salons. shop around. buy men's clothing instead of women's clothing. go for men's deodorant. use men's razors. opt for the same products in the same aisle. buy gender-specific toys. buy more men's products. buy the same things in different colors. buy in bulk. shop at discount stores. shop online. shop in bulk stores. compare prices at grocery stores and restaurants.
protect your child’s teeth during sports. take a permanent tooth to the dentist if it loses its socket. treat a toothache or sore gums. take pain relievers for severe pain. use less fluoride toothpaste than necessary.
think about the style of your bedroom. buy a bed frame that sits close to the ground. buy furniture that complements your bed frame. consider buying a coffee table and floor pillows. think about buying a small table and chair for your small seating area.
take all of your clothes out of it. clean your closet. separate summer and winter clothes. order your clothes by size. arrange your pants and white shirts by category. put your clothes in hangers. protect your clothes. donate or store old clothes. organize your shoes and accessories in your closet neatly.
purchase a copper still with a capacity of one gallon (25 l) or more. choose a heat source. clean your still. place the copper still on a heat-proof surface. fill the still with distilled water. place a funnel on top of the still. attach the condenser coil to the still’s condenser tube. connect all the fittings. turn on the still and place it in the water bath. turn the still on and allow it to heat up. remove the still from the heat source when the spout dries once per second. understand the different types of alcohol that come out of your still and how to distill them. collect the alcohol in shot glasses. pour the distillate into a bucket and store it in a cool, dry place until you are ready to use it. , redistill your alcohol.
crush the chalk into a fine powder. mix the chalk with water in a bowl. add some glitter to the water. mix in the silver and black glitter. apply the moon dust paint to the chalk using paintbrushes.
decide what day you want to have the party. send out invitations to your friends. invite your stuffed animal's friends. ask your friends if they want to come over. if your friends don't come over, ask your parents. let your stuffed animals pick out a toy or two. if you have a camera, take lots of pictures of them having fun!, if you don't have any toys, get a present for them. prepare for the party!, play some games!, let them play with their friends!, play games with them!, give them presents!, take them to the park!, have a picnic!, watch a movie!, wrap them up in their presents. if it's a friday, let them have a sleepover. when you get home, give them their presents and put them in their pajs and let them get ready for bed. enjoy!
go for a more natural look with your hair. if you want to look more gothic, go for a paleer look. decide what style you want your hair to be. look up some tips on how to curl your hair online.
preheat the oven to 300ºf/150ºc. rinse the sunflower seeds. line a baking sheet with parchment paper. spread the seeds out on the parchment paper on the baking sheet. place the sheet in the oven. remove from the oven and serve. finished.
choose a niche. find suppliers. search the internet. contact your competitors. contact suppliers. determine what products you want to sell. set up your account. agree on payment terms. create a business structure. register your business. obtain a business license. register with the appropriate government agency. obtain an ebay account. get a drop shipping license. create an account on ebay. create your own website. create social media accounts. write a blog. write an e-newsletter. write up a business plan. write out a marketing plan. market your products and services to customers.
make an outline of your dissertation. summarize your literature review. include specific details about your research. discuss your research in a science abstract. include relevant information about your humanities abstract. provide a brief overview of your social science dissertation. include a brief summary of your business abstract. create a full citation for your abstract. begin with your thesis. form a paragraph for each section of your paper. add transitions to make each section make sense as a whole paragraph. include the necessary information for each discipline. keep your abstract as short as possible. make sure your abstract includes all of your main ideas. include information about how your research is applied to your field of study. include references to other sources of information. use your abstract to summarize your main argument. write a conclusion that summarizes your argument. use the abstract to outline your paper’s structure. cite your sources. proofread and edit your abstract before submitting it.
use uv lights to quickly dry your nails. use a quick-drying nail polish with quick drying times. add a dry drop to your nail polish to make it easier to evaporate and dry after application. finished.
spend quality time with your cats. make sure you have enough space for two cats. give each cat a litter box. provide food and water for both cats. get a cat carrier for each of your cats if you have more than one, and make sure it is large enough for each cat.
use the guard attachment on your trimmer. trim from the top of your nose down to your chin. trim your mustache. trim the hair on your neckline, if desired.
fill a container with water. place the water in the container. put the container in the freezer. wait for the water to freeze. remove the container from the freezer when ready.
use a different type of antiperspirant. use less laundry detergent. use antibacterial soap. shower once a day instead of twice a day.
go to topic10. choose a theme. choose the theme you want to use. go to the file manager. , click on file. , select new theme. , choose a wallpaper for each month/theme. , go to theme 10. , change the wallpaper to the theme of your choice. , save the theme to your nintendo ds. , start playing the game. , enjoy it!
view your sleep patterns. select your sleep setting. understand your sleep states. set a silent alarm. set an alarm. access your fitbit sleep log. adjust your sleep log if you'd like to. set your sleep goal.
find a good place to study. set up your study area. gather your materials. eat a healthy snack. set goals. block out distractions. listen to some music. take breaks. don't get too bored. get a good night's sleep the night before. get up early and get ready for school the next day. get to class on time. do your homework in a timely manner. study in the right place. use the right tools. make a study schedule. make sure you have a plan for after-school activities. get help if you need it.
learn a few african greetings. learn a few basic greetings in africa.
use an online genealogy service. search trade organizations' member databases. search social networking sites. search the prison system. use people search websites. use the department of motor vehicles’s court records website.
clean up your environment. get ready for the day. listen to music. use aromatherapy. move to a new place. meet new people and places.
take your dog to the vet for a checkup. look for signs of a medical condition. recognize the health risks of overweight and obese dogs.
choose the right bait. determine the size of the catfish in your area. choose the right reel. use a shorter rod. use the lightest weight sinker available. make sure your hooks have bait holders. find the right location. be quiet. try the tight line technique. fish at the bottom of the pond. try to fish at night. be prepared to pull hard. wear gloves. hold the fish correctly. stun the fish. bring ice to the fish's head. place the fish in a cooler. place your trap in the water. wait for the fish to bite the bait. remove the bait from the trap. reel the fish into the freezer. release the fish from the water carefully.
open the settings app on your iphone or ipad. tap the "general" option. tap "siri.", tap "turn on siri.", scroll down and tap "home" to the "on" position.
go to the lifetime wishes screen. click on the ' traits' tab. choose the traits that you want to reroll your lifetime wishes for. make sure that your wishes show up on the trait selection screen. scroll down until you find the lifetime wish you want, and click on it. finished.
turn on your xbox one. go to apps and games. locate the “apps” tab. sign into your netflix account. press and hold the a button on the right side of your controller. select “kids”.
acquire a pot. gather the ingredients needed to make the candy.have the ingredients in your rucksack. walk to the pot on your kitchen counter. choose the ingredients that you need for the recipe. choose your ingredients. finished.
use lemon juice. try apple cider vinegar. rub onions on your dark spots. apply garlic to your spots. use a needle to lighten your spot. apply a skin-lightening lotion. try laser therapy. try chemical peels.
give him subtle cues. tell him you like him. try to be friends. distance yourself from him. don’t try to change yourself. focus on yourself. take care of yourself.
press ctrl+alt+t to open the terminal. press .⌘ command+⇧ shift+t and type terminal. , press .alt+⏎ return. change your keyboard shortcut (optional).
turn off your cell phone. complete unfinished projects as quickly as possible. clean your environment. turn off the tv.
scrub with dish detergent. use baby powder. use chalk. use cornstarch. use talcum powder. try using salt and rubbing alcohol. use dish soap. use a specialty dry cleaning solution made from salt, rubbing alcohol, and rubbing salt. use dry cleaning solutions made for grease stains.
re-use items that are not recycle-able. recycle items that can be recycled. re-cover items that you do not want to cover anymore.
determine if the problem qualifies as constructive eviction. consider hiring an attorney. provide written notice to your landlord. wait for the landlord to fix the problem. document the problem and your efforts to fix it. leave the property immediately.
wet your window frames with a sponge. choose your cleaner. apply your cleaner with a scouring pad. rinse and dry your frames after the cleaning.
get to know her. find a casual way to talk to her. pay attention to her body language. get her phone number. start with a simple salutation and question. ask her about her day. send her a cute text. ask about her interests. ask for her opinion on something you’re both passionate about. make sure she’s available to you. don’t force a date on her.
realize that the key to a healthy relationship is trust. help your loved one to see that they are not alone and that you are there for them. be a good listener and a good role model.
use this method if you are right handed. hold the diabolo in your right hand, as instructed in the instructions. , hold the right stick in your left hand, and hold the string in your other hand. cut the string with your right stick. keep cutting the string until it is long enough to reach the foot of the di abolo, then cut it with your left stick. watch the direction in which the diabsolo is tilting. move the left stick up and down to stabilize the balance of thediabolo. if you notice a slight tilt, stop. catch the di Kabolo if it is too far away from the foot. repeat the process until you have caught it all the way.
choose the right time to divide the phlox. divide the plant by digging a trench around the outside of the entire plant cluster. lift the roots out of the ground with a garden shovel. repeat the digging and lifting process with each division. separate the plant from the cluster using your fingers or a serrated knife. finished.
open the settings app. tap "accounts" to open your account settings. enable or disable notifications for your bundled labels. disable your notifications.
visit the school and talk to the admissions office. talk to current students and faculty. decide how many people you want in your film program. decide where you want to be in the film industry. determine what kind of program you want. look at the courses offered. research the school's alumni.
take note of the appearance of the restaurant. eat the food as you would any other meal. write down what you liked and didn't like. taste each dish individually. taste the meal with other people. make sure you know what you're talking about. take notes as you eat. ask questions about the food if you're curious.
talk to your doctor. focus on nutrient-dense foods. eliminate added sugars and processed foods. drink plenty of fluids. look for a time limit or specified time period. avoid detox diets that promise quick weight loss. stay away from fadox or juice detox plans. avoid low-calorie or liquids only plans. do not do a liquid detox diet. avoid doing a detox diet that requires you to stop drinking alcohol. avoid dieting on an empty stomach. stay hydrated.
open the terminal. navigate to the start menu and click on terminal. , in the terminal window, click on control panel. , click on the advanced tab. , under the file system tab, type mkfs.ext2 /dev/hdxy where you want to create the ext2 file system. , change the file type. change the x and y of the partition. use the -j option (mke2fs -j).
try this method. move your opponent's bishop and knight pawns forward. free up your queen. checkmate.
do your research. offer to do something in exchange for a laptop. make an argument for the benefits of a laptop for your life. use a laptop to learn new skills. cut down on screen time. write down your reasons for wanting a laptop and offer to help pay for it. bring up the subject of getting a laptop in a calm, respectful manner. listen to your parents’s concerns and concerns. show your parents that you’re willing to pay for the laptop. be patient.
achieve a level 79 in herblore. collect the ingredients. mix a clean spirit weed with a vial of water. use the cockatrice egg on the spirit weed.
feed your plants every fortnight. water your tubers just after planting. keep an eye out for pests. remove spent flowerheads. allow the foliage to die back after the flowering season. dig up the tubers for the winter if you want to see them bloom again. cut your cut flowers just as the buds are starting to open. snip the stem at the base of the stem.
open your iphone’s settings. tap general. tap accessibility. scroll down and tap switch & input. tap display & brightness. tap switch stabilization. tap scanning. tap the “auto scanning” switch. , slide the switch next to “automatically scan” to the on position. , press and hold the switch you want to turn on. , release the switch when you’re ready to use it. , open the settings app. , tap display and brightness. , scroll down to the bottom of the menu and tap display stabilization. slide the slider next to switch stabilization to the off position. tap auto scanning or switch stabilization. tap save changes to save your settings.
do isometric pull-ups. do isometrics in different positions. record the position of each pull in your workout log. write the number of repetitions of the pull in the graph and the intensity of each repetition.
take your turtle to your veterinarian. allow your veterinarian to sedate your turtle. have your veterinarian flush out the abscess. have a skin sample analyzed for bacteria. follow your veterinarian’s recommendations for further treatment. treat your turtle at home. supplement your turtle with vitamin a. make sure your turtle has adequate water quality. check your turtle's water filration. keep your turtle warm. feed your turtle a high-quality diet. provide plenty of fresh, clean water. provide fresh, fresh food and water at all times. clean the infected area. keep the area clean. avoid over-cleaning the area. prevent future ear abscesses.
use natural creams. try a gel containing hyaluronic acid. apply retinoid cream. try microdermabrasion. consider laser therapy for stretch marks.
cut the paper to size. stick the paper onto the box. smooth out the paper. fold the paper in half lengthwise. cover the outside edges of the paper with the inside of the lid. apply a thin layer of clear varnish to the paper, if wished. place the lid on top of the finished box. finished.
remember that you are not obligated to watch the movie. make sure that the person you are watching the movie with will not make you watch it alone. watch it with someone you trust. watch scary movies. make it comfortable. turn on the lights. avoid surround sound. relax a little bit, but not too much. don't watch too many horror movies in a row. , if you are a horror fan, watch the classics. , stop the movie when you are ready. laugh at the movie if you can. distract yourself from the movie by doing something else. do not stay in one place for too long. if you want to talk about the movie, do so in a quiet, quiet place away from the tv. enjoy the movie!
gather several old lipsticks. melt the lipsticks together in the microwave. add beeswax or petroleum jelly. pour the new lipstick into a small pot or tin. finished.
go to the star exchange. go to star exchange and trade for starcoins. trade in your starcoins for freebies.
calculate the degree of the first sign. determine the minute of the next sign. , find the minute in the sign of the second sign. multiply the degree by the minute. add the two numbers together to get the degree and minute of each sign together.
go to google shopping express. sign up for a google account. add a photo to your account. continue to gmail. go to the shopping express website. enter your zip code. click the “start shopping” button at the bottom of the page.
decide who to invite. figure out how many cabins you’ll need. decide how much time you want to stay. decide where you want your cabin to be. consider the amenities you want. decide what activities to do during your cabin getaway.
mix chia seed and lime juice to make a drink. mix chia seeds and coconut water to make an energy gel. make a chia gel.
visit the minnesota secretary of state's website. choose a name for your llc. check if your chosen name is available. select a registered office location. designate a registered agent. provide names and addresses for the llc's organizers. provide additional information about the organizers. add provisions relating to internal operation. sign the articles of organization. file the form in-person or online. draft an operating agreement. open an operating account. obtain a certificate of incorporation. file annual reports with the irs. register with the federal government. obtain an employer identification number (ein). apply for a federal tax id number. file with the appropriate federal agency. file your annual reports.
decide what style you want to be. figure out what type of style you would like to have. find your style role models. buy what you love, but only if you absolutely love it. don't be afraid to show off your new style!
understand the business. understand your customers. learn about your competition. manage your budget. know the laws. keep things moving. stay up to date with new technology.
use a prompt. write in the present tense and use clear, clear sentences. show the draft to others for feedback.
pour the jasmine flowers into a small saucepan. add the sugar to the boiling water. remove from the heat. pour in the gelatin. pour the cream into a mixing bowl. add a little water to the cream and stir to dissolve the sugar. , add the gelatin mixture. refrigerate. serve.
talk to your doctor. eat salad greens as part of a balanced diet. check the freshness of the salad greens. store your salad greens properly. buy salad greens in season. shop at farmers markets.
wrap your cat in a towel. hold your cat steady. place your non-dominant hand on top of your cat’s head. open your cat's mouth. hold the pill between your index finger and thumb. use your middle finger to pry the jaw open. place the pill at the base of the tongue. keep the mouth closed. encourage your cat to swallow the pill. check to see if your cat has swallowed. feed your cat immediately after giving it its medication.
be aware of the risk factors that put you at higher risk of contracting q fever. watch for the symptoms of q fever in animals.q fever is most often contracted by infected animals that have been in contact with q fever-infected animals. look out for symptoms of the disease in people who have not been exposed to the q fever virus. watch out for signs of pneumonia. look for liver function problems.if the infection is severe enough, it can lead to liver failure. seek medical attention immediately. know how long the infection can last before recovery is possible.
place the ham in the slow cooker. cover the ham with aluminum foil. cut the ham into smaller pieces. reheat ham steaks, slices, and chunks.
decide if a cavalier is the right dog for you. know what to look for in a Cavalier. find a responsible breeder. be aware of the importance of socialization. be wary of breed-specific health problems. avoid buying a puppy from a puppy farm. make sure your dog is up-to-date on vaccinations. take your dog to the vet for regular check-ups. get your dog spayed or neutered. consider getting your cavalier neutered or microchipped. be prepared for the Cavalier to be a long-term commitment. be ready to give your dog lots of love and attention.
consider weight loss as a long-term solution. understand how weight loss works. follow a healthy diet and exercise plan. eat a balanced diet. stick to your plan. don't go on a crash.
fill a large saucepan with water and bring it to a boil. add the butter to the pan. , pour the water into a double boiler. remove the butter from the pan and set it aside.
take the dog to the vet. make sure the dog is the right age to breed. determine the dog’s ideal weight. test the dog's temperament.
back up your saved games. download and install iexplorer on your computer. uninstall minecraft pe on your iphone.
find a surrogate mother. foster the babies if possible. watch out for signs of diarrhea and dehydration. feed the babies human formula or goats milk. dip the mouse’s nose into the formula or milk. feed them 6-8 times a day. gently rub the babies’ noses with a cotton ball. provide the mice with rodent chow or pellets. provide water for the mice. buy a cage. keep the cage in a warm, dry place. clean the cage regularly.
understand the goal of the bpi effort. plan the change effort. prepare your workplace and team for change. implement the change. maintain momentum during the implementation.
choose an old rag or cloth. choose a cleaning agent. choose your cleaning solution. use a toothpaste or baking soda paste. use an old toothbrush. place the object on a paper towel or rag. clean the object with your solution. clean corners and crevices. rinse and dry the object. polish with a polishing cloth. polish small areas with a metal wadding polish. clean outdoor objects with a clean cloth for a whitish patina.
don’t kiss someone with braces. make sure you’re both physically ready. be patient. be confident.
open google chrome settings. click the "show home button" button. click on the "change" button in the upper right hand corner of the settings window. , click on "show local domain". click "ok."
prepare the foam pads. rough up the pvc pipe. tape the ends of the pipe. seal the edge of each end with duct tape. spray the ends with adhesive spray. roll the foam pad into a cylinder. cover the foam with tape. create a second end cap. sand the rest of the exposed pipe. apply adhesive to the center of the center guard. wrap tape around each guard. repeat for the other side of the guard. spray each guard with adhesive. attach the hand guards to the pugil stick. secure the end caps. sand and seal the guards again. use the pugsil stick as needed.
protect your mattress from the heat of the oven by covering it with aluminum foil. add a sheet of aluminum foil to the oven.
don’t forget to moisturize. give your skin time to recover. avoid tanning yourself again if you have type 1 skin.
open the preferences menu. open the advanced preferences window. select the inputs/codecs header. set the default audio track to 0 or 1. set your desired language code. experiment with different subtitle track numbers. save your changes and restart your program.
meet the basic qualifications. decide if being a police officer is right for you. get a degree. get in good physical condition.
know what the essay question is asking. consider your audience and the institution to which you are applying. consider the theme of the essay. understand the scholarship criteria.
think about the lie. decide whether you want to write an email or write a letter. create an outline. write three paragraphs. keep it simple. don’t go overboard. set your letter aside for a night. review your letter the next day. send your letter.
cover your car in cold weather. place a trash bag between the door and the frame. treat your rubber door seals with a special rubber conditioner. have your door seals replaced if they're worn out. inspect your door lock assembly.
gather the ingredients listed in the "things you'll need" section of this article. boil the spaghetti. sauté the garlic over medium-high heat. add the tomatoes to the garlic and cook for about five minutes. add enough water to the pot to cover the tomatoes and cook them for another five to ten minutes. , add the basil, pecorino and parmesan cheese to the boiling water. remove the spaghetti from the heat and serve immediately.
dip the brush into the ink. hold the brush in the ink for a few seconds. hold your brush at a 45-degree angle with your non-repro-blue pencils. use a pencil to highlight the lines you want to inked. load the ink into the brush with enough ink to cover the penciled lines you're inking, but not too much. use the tip of the brush to cross the pencil lines you've highlighted.
learn how to pronounce the letters in klingon. pronounce the "h" and "q" sounds correctly. say "hi" with a "tlh" sound. say, "hi," or "hello.", say "yes" or "no" with "jiyajbe." say "thank you" or, "good job.", answer the question, "do you speak Klingon?", say "today is a good day to die.", state your identity with the phrase "tl hIngan jih.", take a trip to the bathroom. ask, "where is it?", state "how many times have you heard of my mother's mother's name?", ask for a seat in a restaurant, "pahpakpak.", ask someone, "how are you?", ask someone how long they have been in the military. ask someone if they have ever been to a star warship. ask if someone has ever been shot by a Klingon. ask a person if they've ever been on a space ship. ask for help if you need it. ask how someone has been saved from a storm.
choose the size of beads you want to use for the earrings. thread a piece of wire through a small hole in the middle of the earring hook. thread the beads onto the wire. make the wings of the dragonfly. make a small loop in the center of the wings to form the body of the birdfly. create the head of the butterflyfly. slip the hook through the hole at the top of the head. slip a small bead into the hole on the back of each earring. finished.
get the look. get the clothes. get some accessories. get your hair. listen to indie music. learn about indie bands. go to shows. get involved in your local scene. make friends with other indie kids. make a youtube channel. get an ipod or ipod player. get a social media account. make your own band. have fun!
decide if you want to be a self-employed telecommunications consultant or if you would like to work for a company or consulting firm. obtain a bachelor's degree in communications science, computer science or a related field. develop your skills in the field of telecommunications. apply for certification in your area if you are interested in becoming a certified telecommunications consultant. market yourself and your services to the public. set up a schedule of events that you will attend while you are working as a consultant. attend conferences and on-site job fairs to network with others in the industry.
find the first ionization energy of an atom. find the electron affinity of the atom. set up the equation for mulliken electronegativity.
make a braided ponytail. divide the braids into sections. twist each section. pin the twists into different shapes.
create a google+ profile. add a link to your website or blog to your profile. go to the google+ homepage and type in the following code: http://www.google.com/publish/authorization.html. , click on the link. wait for google+ to process your link.
learn the difference between fractions and powers of ten. add the suffix -avo to the correct cardinal number. add parte to the fraction if you are using it as an adjective. write out the fraction as one word. understand the gender of the fraction. write the fraction out as a percentage.
open file explorer. navigate to the folder named “windows”. open the “drivers” folder. open “etc” to open your system configuration files. open your hosts file. enter the url of the websites you want blocked in the tab box. click “file” and save your file. test your blacklist. open a browser and visit the website that you want to block. check to see if your website is blocked.
learn how to use the controls. learn the basic shots. learn how to return the ball. decide what kind of player you want to be. once you've decided on your type of player, go to the main menu and select "play now.", play some matches!, once you're comfortable with the controls, start playing tournaments!
identify the costs of orthorexia. think about how your eating affects your social life. evaluate your exercise routine. get a blood test. work with a dietitian. add one new food to your diet each week. eat feared foods. listen to your body’s cues. talk to a therapist. see a mental health provider. join a support group. find a support system for people who are like you. find support groups for people with similar eating disorders. join an online community for support.
mix epsom salt with hot water. stir the mixture until the salt is dissolved. pour the mixture into a bowl and let it cool down. wait for the crystals to form. take the crystal out of the liquid and hold it up to the light.
understand that overtaking is not about being aggressive. understand that you must be able to out brake your opponent before entering a corner. be aware of your opponent's line. be patient. pay attention to your braking line. think about the next set of corners that you are going to tackle. use the opponent's mistakes to your advantage. use your time on the track to plan your next move. do not let fear get the best of you. don't look at the kart in front of you to see if you can overtake the other driver. if you see a gap between you and the driver in front, don't hesitate to try to overtake him or her.
open instagram. tap the camera icon. scroll down and tap the post you want to report. , tap the chat bubble icon. tap comments. tap ⁝. tap report.
know the difference between different types of curry. use a food processor to make a curry paste. know what to add to a basic curry. know how to add spices to your curry to make it spicy.
set up the circumference formula for a circle. set up the diameter formula. plug the value of the radius or diameter into the formula. multiply the radius by 2π⋅r{\displaystyle \pi } and the product. solve.
drill a hole in the rock face. clean out the hole with a masonry bit. fill the hole about 1/4 full of clay clay. place a fuse in the hole. fill a glass with enough powder to cover the hole you drilled. , pour the clay into the glass and mix it well. , add a few drops of water to the clay. , mix the clay and water thoroughly. , place the clay in the center of the hole and let it sit for a few minutes. , blow the hole up with a hammer. , watch out for 'air burst', where rock flies into the air. use the correct amount of charge. know when to use this method and when not to use it.
gather your materials. drill holes in the bin. cover the holes with screen material. put the bin in the short bin. fill the bin with soil and water. add your worms. add food scraps to the composter once a week. train your worms to stay on one side. remove the compost. spread the compost on your soil.
clean the house. put up the christmas lights. decorate the tree. set out the ornaments. set up the decorations. make christmas cookies. put out the cookies. go shopping for presents. wrap up the presents. put the presents under the tree in the order that you bought them. if you have any guests coming by, put their gifts on top of the tree, but don't put them under until after christmas eve. , finished.
recognize signs of physical abuse. recognize signs of sexual abuse. look for signs of psychological abuse. identify signs of financial elder abuse. notice signs of neglect in the elderly.
do not drill a hole in glass that is tempered or safety glass. use a power drill. set the drill’s speed dial to a low level. purchase the right drill bit. use diamond drill bits. choose a diamond bit. place the glass on a flat, stable surface. tape the inside and outside of the glass with masking tape or painter's tape. secure the bit to the drill. start the drill at a variable speed. make sure that the glass is completely dry before you start drilling. drill the hole in the glass. remove the tape and tape from the inside of the hole. clean the glass thoroughly. clean your drill. clean up the area around the hole, if necessary. finished.
choose a container to mix the paint and thinner in. pour the paint into the mixing container. add water to thin the paint. test the paint by applying it to a wall or canvas. finished.
determine how your pet will be traveling. book your flight. include your pet’s travel information in your booking. notify airline staff. make air travel as comfortable for your pet as possible. obtain a health certificate. get a rabies vaccination. get your pet vaccinated. purchase a travel insurance plan. bring your pet to the us embassy. check in with your airline. pay the appropriate fees. pay for your flight and your pet. pick up your pet after landing.
determine if you are eligible for a stem cell transplant. be aware of the risks associated with stem cell transplants. understand that you may need to undergo chemotherapy and/or radiation prior to the procedure.
know the difference between a ticket and a reservation. learn the italian names for the cities you would like to visit. purchase italian train tickets online. purchase tickets when you arrive at the train station. purchase your tickets in advance if you have a european rail pass. validate your ticket before you board the train train.
consider your options. complete an online questionnaire. gather financial information. apply for bankruptcy. receive notification of your bankruptcy. attend an interview. follow the restrictions. sell your assets. pay off your debts. get a discharge. remove your name from the individual insolvency register.
delete an email message. delete an email you don’t want to open. delete individual emails.
make something. add color to your life. get some sun. take care of your body. be happy. break up your routine. spend time with people who bring you joy. spend more time with your pets. get enough sleep. exercise more often.
learn some basic greetings. memorize a few more phrases. add more phrases to your list. keep practicing.
change your name after a divorce. file a petition for change of name of adult with your local parish court. go to your local social security office. change your name on your social security card. update your driver's license. change the name on all your other legal documents and accounts.
rinse the disc. dry the disc with a soft cloth. get a plain white toothpaste. buff out a scratch with the paste. repeat on any additional scratches. rinse the disc off.
store your notebook in a well-ventilated area. keep your notebook clean. keep the keyboard clean. clean the touchpad and keys. do not leave your notebook unattended in a car. use care when inserting external devices. keep it away from dust and dust. turn off your notebook. if you are going to use your notebook for long periods of time, make sure that it is not in use. if your notebook has a built-in fan, turn it off. clean around the fan with a soft cloth or cloth.
turn off your internet. change your adapter settings. go to the "local area connection" screen. type in a new ip address. click "ok" twice to save your changes. go back to the local area connection screen. open the internet protocol version 4 menu. click on the "internet protocol version" menu. , change your ip address again.
make your own batch of baking soda snow. glue the lid to the inside of each jar. fill the jars with fake snow. make a snowman or snowman out of a plastic bag. fill a large bowl with sand instead of snow. mix baking soda and vinegar to make vinegar-filled snowballs.
determine if you are in a codependent relationship. learn more about codependent relationships. put your own needs first. understand the role of the other person in the relationship. make a plan to move up the ladder of your relationship. be aware that the rope may not always be as tight as you think it will be. decide whether or not it's worth it to cut off contact with the person.
use dish detergent and water to make a non-abrasive cleaner. dip a soft cloth into the soapy water. wipe the surface of the stainless steel with the cloth along the grain. rinse the surface with warm water. use a soft, soft cloth to wipe off the soap. dry the surface off with a soft towel or cloth.
know the units and variables of a kinematic equation. know the basic assumptions. memorize the following equations. look at an example of an equation. check the form of the equation. understand that gravity and acceleration are the same thing in equation 3.
get out there and meet some people. don't just sit there and stare at people. stop expecting the "happy ending". find something else to do.
open the manage add-ons dialog box in internet explorer. navigate to the internet explorer gallery add-on page. click the link labeled "add-ons" in the lower-left corner of the page.
use the present indicative. say "ser" in the preterit indicative. use the imperfect indicative. switch to the conditional indicative. add "seríatú" to describe a definite state of being. use "ser."
read the trust agreement. transfer title to yourself as trustee. contact the beneficiaries of the trust. create an inventory of trust assets. transfer the assets to the beneficiaries. complete a deed of distribution of the assets.
write down the dates of each exam. rank the exams by importance. decide if you want to study more for the most important exam. create a study schedule. schedule your study times.
remove the negative battery cable. locate the neon lights. test the tubes. mount the tubes onto the vehicle chassis. drill holes for the mounting brackets. screw the brackets into the holes. position the side tubes. locate and locate the transformer. follow the instructions on the kit. connect the transformer to the battery. attach the earth wire to the switch. run the wiring through the firewall.
decide which copy command you want to use. understand the different types of copy.
obtain a copy of your credit report. look for errors. fix negative information carefully. correct errors by contacting the credit reporting agencies.
read the manual for your thermostat. keep track of your schedule. enter the current time and date. press the “set” or “program” button. set a “wake” time for weekday mornings. set the temperature. schedule the time you leave for the day. set your return time for the week. schedule your sleep time. repeat the process four times for the weekend. hit “run” to begin the next day’s schedule. repeat this process for the remaining days. adjust the schedule as needed.
ask yourself why you need to memorize. associate facts with other things. ask yourself if you are absorbing the material you’ve learned. choose to take a final exam or complete a final project. don’t try to cram too much into one subject at a time, or you will lose track of your knowledge.
choose a clan pattern. choose a district tartan. select a regimental tartan pattern. measure your hips and waist. calculate the length of your kilt. measure the material needed for the pleats. stitch the material together. make the first pleat. make two more pleats on the other side of the material. sew the remaining pleats in place. attach the final pleats to the kilt, if necessary. cut the material to size. cut out the pattern. pin the pattern to the material and sew it into place. sew along the edges of the pattern with a straight stitch. stitch along the rest of the edges. try on the finished product.
select a small branch from the lavender plant. dig a hole in the soil. bury the branch in the hole. care for the buried section. remove the branch. transplant the branch to its new location.
learn about the breed. think about your lifestyle. decide if you want a male or female collie. decide between purebred or crossbred dogs. consider the age of the dog. consider other pets and children in the household. make a budget. choose a dog that fits your personality. consider fostering a border collie if you’re new.
protect your bedding from dust mites. replace down pillows with synthetic ones. replace your mattress with memory foam. remove carpeting. sprinkle tannic acid powder over your floors. get rid of non-washable stuffed toys. don’t sleep on a couch. leave the bed unmade each morning before you go to sleep.
gather your materials. remove the peel from the oranges. dry the peels. grind the orange peels in a food processor. soak the orange peel in warm water. add alcohol to the jar. strain the mixture. let the mixture sit. finished.
combine the orange juice, sugar, and syrup in a small bowl. pour the syrup into a large bowl. add the juice to the bowl. fill the bowl with ice cubes. wrap plastic wrap around the top of an ice cube tray. place a toothpick in the center of the tray. cover the tray with plastic wrap and place it in the freezer. remove the tray from the freezer when the juice has frozen. break the ice cubes into lollies with your fingers or a spoon. finished.
turn on your ipad. connect the transmitter to the car stereo. turn on the radio in the car. , set the radio to the frequency that you want to use. , press the play button on the ipad to start playing the radio station.
begin by drawing a cylinder on a sheet of white paper with a fold on your left. using a ruler, measure in 2 1/2" from the bottom of the top of the cylinder and cut it out. draw a rectangle on the right side of the lighthouse. draw another cylinder on the left side of your cylinder for the watch room and galley deck. add a space in the center of the rectangle for the glass panes of glass. draw the lighthouse's roof and roof. create the outside of the tower. paint the lighthouse with a #8 round brush loaded with black or gray paint. use a small, #8 brush to paint the sky. add texture to the outside. add the water and sky. do the same thing for the sky and the body of the water, but for a different effect. use the same puddle of paint you used for the water area and the sky area for the lighthouse to make a new puddle. add details to the sky using a small brush and a small amount of blue paint. allow the painting to dry for 24-48 hours or until the paint is completely dry. , add details. add color to the lighthouse and let it dry.
make sure your kit is one time use only. make sure it is lightweight. have shelter. have water. have food and water purification. have the right food. have a fleece or wool blanket. have some form of form of fire. have an extra set of clothes. if you can, have a first aid kit. include a radio and a radio charger. include some first aid items. include an extra pair of shoes. don’t forget a hatchet.
make sure you are calm and confident. make sure your hedgehog is awake. don't try to touch it. scoop it up. let it unroll. let them out. pet it. if they don't like to be petted, don't worry. if you want to pet them, hold your hand around their neck and smell their fur. when you're done petting them, put them back in their cage and let them sleep.
choose a resistance band. position the resistance band correctly. balance the bands. find the band’s center. lift the handles of the band above your shoulders. position your hands correctly.
crochet a row of 12 chain stitches. do 3 double crochet stitches in each space. do 2 double crochets in the first stitch of each round. do another round of 12 double crochet. do a round of 18 double crochet in the same stitch. do 4 more double crochet rounds. do 6 more rounds of 2 double crochet and x-number of stitches. finish the round with a double crochet all around. do 1 double crochet round for each space around. finish off with a single crochet. wear your hat.
open the settings menu. open the screen lock menu. choose your lock method. change your screen lock. power on your phone. touch the “lock screen” button. enter your unlock method. reset your screen unlock if necessary.
create a password from three small words. use the first letters of a sentence or phrase. make a pass phrase. use length.
determine if you lost your last job through no fault of your own. determine if you have earned enough wages during your base period. confirm that you are a legal resident in the united states. make sure you are available and able to work. go to the edd ui filing website. gather the required information. choose how you want to file your ui application. complete the application. submit your application. wait to hear back from edd. receive a notice of your benefits determination. appeal your determination.
choose a short-barreled pistol. make sure that the pistol is loaded. insert the pistol into the holster. consider wearing a belt. grab the holster and slide it onto your waist. place the holster between your pants and underwear. slide the paddle into your waistband. adjust the position of the holster as needed. remove the holster when you need to. pull the trigger straight up. remove your shirt or jacket. check that the holster is secure. check the safety of the gun. check your holster clip. remove any extra layers of clothing. check for holes.
wash your face twice a day. use an acne-fighting product. avoid prescription medications. wash your hair often. don’t pick at your bumps.
learn to cook. start an exercise routine. make sure you are getting enough sleep each night.
calculate your daily calorie intake. write out a meal plan. plan your meals and snacks in advance. eat a balanced diet that includes all five food groups. include healthy snacks. cook with healthy fats. drink plenty of fluids. exercise regularly. get enough sleep. avoid skipping meals. eat breakfast every day. eat dinner at the same time each day. make time for exercise. include regular strength training. do strength training three to four times a week. include a few days of strength training each week. get plenty of rest. manage stress and anxiety.
gather your ingredients. prepare your molds. make the chalk mixture. dye the chalk mixtures. pour the chalk into the molds and wait.
learn to circle strafe. sneak up on your opponent. jump when you swing your sword. use the bow and arrow to your advantage. run when you have no other options. do not attack your opponent's strongest weapon (i.e. finished.
talk to your healthcare provider. buy a yoga mat and yoga props. consider doing restorative yoga. drink plenty of water and eat a light snack before you do yoga. know which postures to avoid. listen to your body. consider subscribing to an online prenatal yoga video series. ask the instructor to demonstrate the postures you want to do. look for a yoga instructor who has experience teaching prenatal yoga. pay attention to the space in the studio. do deep breathing exercises before and after your class. take a prenatal yoga class if necessary.
preheat your oven to 350 degrees fahrenheit (180 degrees celsius). prepare a large baking sheet. pour the gelatin and sugar into a large mixing bowl. add the cornstarch and puree to the mixing bowl and mix until the sugar dissolves. , pour the hot syrup into the mixer bowl. whip the marshmallow mixture. remove the mixture from the mixer and place it on a wire cooling rack. prepare a workstation. cut the marshmallows into squares. roll the squares in the sugar/starch coating. store in an airtight container. serve and enjoy!
avoid acting out to get noticed. set your own personal goals. pay attention to your feelings about the workplace culture.
turn on your ps3. plug the controller into the mini-usb port on the back of the controller. plug in one of the ps3's usb cables. press the power button. press and hold the l2 button. wait for the controller to turn on. turn the controller off and on again. unplug the controller and plug it in. charge your controller. reset your controller if it won't sync.
open your web browser. navigate to the google preferences page. go to your search history page. log in to your google account. open the settings menu. select "account history.", turn on the history on/off switch. customize history settings.
ask your parents what the rules are. keep the doors and windows locked. don't tell people you're home alone. stay away from dangerous things. call your parents or another trusted adult. know the emergency numbers. know what to tell the operator. go over what to do in an emergency. learn how to deal with minor injuries. know how to get out of the house. use a first aid kit. call 9-1-1 if someone breaks in. get help from a neighbor or family member.
go to the top of the castle and get a peach. go to the stork stop and get the coin. go back to the castle. go down to the bottom of the hill and go to a platform. go up to the platform and go through the gate. , go up the stairs to the right of the coin and there will be platforms on the ground. go into the area with the large stones and go down the stairs until you get to a small hill. , there will also be small flowers in the area. head to donkey kong. finished.
drape the toga over your left shoulder. wrap the sheet around your back. wrap around your chest. tuck the long end under the other end. adjust the height of your toga.
remind yourself that you’re firm. use positive body language. avoid vague responses. don’t re-initiate communication unless you are interested. don't call, text, or be facebook friends. be honest.
set a timeline for completion. start with a small project for two minutes. identify the reasons why you put off projects. write down the reasons you want to complete the project. celebrate small successes along the way.
change your clothes every night. wear breathable fabrics. layer your clothing. consider sleeping naked. pick a sleeping bag that can keep you warm. add extra layers to your sleeping bag.
insert the banker unit into a power source. familiarize yourself with the unit. understand the functions of the banker. learn how to add and subtract funds from each player’s account. make payments to other players. hold an auction. deposit funds into the bank. choose a token. roll the dice. move your token on the board. draw a card from the community chest. go to jail if you pass “go.” if you land on the property you want to buy.
cut the rca end of the cable with a wire cutter. heat up a soldering iron. twist the conductor wires together. apply solder to the twisted ends of the conductor wire. use shrink wrap to secure the conductor and rca ends to the cable. cut a piece of tinned ground connector that is 1 inch (2.5 cm) long. connect the conductor end to the center pin of the rc cable. solder the ground connector to the ground pin. repeat the process for the other end. finished.
decide whether or not to bring up the topic. focus on the following topics. take a step back and plan what you're going to say. put your teenager's health first. dispel myths and myths about masturbation. consider giving your teenager a book about sexuality as a gift. get some sound advice. find the right time and place to bring it up. don't make a big deal out of it. talk to your teenager in a calm, non-threatening way. be honest and open-minded. be prepared to answer any questions.
apply ice to your tailbone. take nsaids to reduce pain and swelling. maintain good posture. use a special cushion. apply heat to the tailbone area. rest and avoid strenuous activities for eight to 12 weeks. avoid constipation.
choose the herbs you want to add to the sugar. dry the herbs, if desired. grind the ingredients together in a spice grinder or coffee grinder. use white granulated sugar instead of white sugar for these ingredients. store the sugar in an airtight container in a cool, dry, dark place. use the sugar within a week or two to infuse the ingredients.
create a shortcut to free up unused ram. check if your version of windows is 32-bit or 64-bit. name the shortcut. run the shortcut every time your computer slows down. flush your dns cache. check your network connection. run disk cleanup. select the drive from where you want to clean the cache. delete unwanted files. confirm and delete the files. clean out your browsing history. clear your chrome's browsing data.
scout the area for hogs in the area you are planning to hunt. look for signs of activity. track the area to find hogs if you do not see activity. identify hogs by looking for hog scat and tracks. find a hog bed if you cannot find activity. decide what you will do if you find a sleeping hog.
go to google docs. sign in. open the document you want to sign. click the “insert signature” button on the upper right corner of the screen. position your cursor. select “scribble” from the drop-down menu. draw your signature. save and close the drawing window. click on “image” on the top right corner. resize your signature if it’s too big. click “save” to save.
sweep and bag leaves. mow and mulch sparingly. block off breeding areas. contact a professional to treat your yard.
determine what kind of party you want to have. send out invitations. let your guests know what the dress code is for the party. make sure your house is clean, organized, and inviting. prepare food in advance. have at least one type of alcohol available for your guests to sip on. get everyone dressed and ready to go. have a designated time for guests to arrive. enjoy the party with your guests!
become an expert in your field. stay up-to-date. network. use social media. promote your business online. pay attention to search engine optimization. value your employees. invest in software.
understand what a syllable is. divide double vowels in a row into single syllables. divide doubled consonants in half. divide words before the middle consonant. divide before the consonant only when necessary. memorize bound morphemes. divide syllables that end in consonants. divide compound words. separate compound words by their base syllable. separate words that contain multiple vowels. use the syllable-l-e pattern to divide words that end with consonant digraphs. follow the syllabication rules for words that begin with a vowel sound. learn the rules for compound syllables and words.
determine if your local police department has lojack coverage. decide what type of lojack system you want. find a lojack dealer. buy lojack from lojack.
talk to your doctor about how cortisol and anxiety impact each other. have your cortisol levels analyzed. ask your healthcare provider about your medication options.
chop the chicken into cubes. mash the avocado until it’s smooth. add the lime juice to the avocado and mix well. mix in the onion, tomatoes, and chicken. season the salad with salt and pepper to taste. serve the avocado chicken salad straight from the bowl or use it as a filling for sandwiches. finished.
choose the right hairstyle. avoid hair extensions and weaves. avoid styling products with hold products. be careful with chemical treatments. recognize the signs of damage. avoid over-using heat. use a towel “turban” to dry your hair. part your hair when it’s wet. take care of your hair in the shower.
hide things in the freezer. hide things in food. hide small items in the kitchen. hide something in the medicine cabinet.there are so many places to hide things that it’s hard to think of a single place. hide appliances.
make a plan for your future. focus on your studies. stay away from romantic fiction. spend time with your friends. take up a new hobby. don't let love take over your life.
book a travel homestay through a reputable agency. contact the local tourism board or chamber of commerce. read online reviews. ask for references from former guests. talk to friends and family. use your school’s resources.
tell your boyfriend or girlfriend that you have a problem with night time urinary incontinence. tell them that you don't want them to worry about anything. explain to your boyfriend/girlfriend that you're having a hard time talking to them about this because you're embarrassed about it. explain that you've had this problem since childhood and you have to wear protection to bed to prevent the mattress from getting ruined. tell your girlfriend/boyfriend that “i'm not a kid. explain why this is the only solution.
understand the difference between a line of credit and a credit card. decide if you want your business name to be on the line. make an appointment with at least two banks. prepare your financial documents. decide on a credit limit and interest rate. continue to use your other credit cards. set a specific goal. pay your bills on time. wait until you have a good credit score. get a copy of your business credit report. compare your credit score to your personal score. apply for a loan from a bank with a low interest rate, if possible. consider using a business credit card if you are a sole proprietor. consider a business loan if you don’t have a lot of time to build your credit history.
choose a topic. choose your team. understand the topic. know the types of motions. prepare for the debate. know what to expect from the prime minister. be aware that the debate will last for 5 minutes. , be prepared to answer questions from the house. be ready to answer the questions. , know the rules. prepare your opening speech. the speaker for the opening government (prime minister) will introduce the topic and set a clear and narrow resolution. the member of government will then introduce their own contentions. the next speaker will be the leader of the opposition. the last speaker is the government Whip. the government whip will then present an extension to the debate that was done by the opening sides. the second speaker will present a new side. the third speaker is to bring in a new extension. the fourth speaker will bring in another extension. finally, the fifth speaker will make a whip speech. lastly, the final speaker is going to make his/her closing speech. be prepared for the whip speeches. enjoy the debate!
start feeding your baby more fruits and vegetables. add cherries to your baby’s diet. make strawberry puree.
tell an adult if you are being bullied. talk to a trusted friend or family member about how you are feeling. , seek help from a counselor or therapist if you need it. , avoid self-harm or harming yourself or others. , see a therapist or go to counseling.
store extra milk in a bottle. freeze milk in plastic containers. store extra breast milk in serving-sized containers.
decide on the setting. decide on the point of view of your vampire character. choose the tense. decide who your vampires will be. choose a name for your vampire. decide what kind of abilities your vampire will have. decide how your vampire drinks blood. decide if your vampire is part of a family. think about the vampire's relationships with other people in the vampire family. come up with a plot for the book. write your book. experiment with different viewpoints. write from your vampire's perspective. write in first person. write with a different voice. read your book out loud. edit your book for spelling and grammar errors.
consider pascal's wager: if there's a god, he's infinitely incomprehensible. consider the benefits and drawbacks of believing in the unknowable. realize that there's an infinite number of possible deities and/or religions. understand that believing in a religion comes with a lot of drawbacks. realize the benefits of the knowable and the disadvantages of the unknownable. enjoy your everyday life.
gather your supplies. combine the glitter and talcum powder in a small bowl. pour the glitter into a container with a lid. put the fairy dust into the container you want to use for sprinkling outside. have your child play with the glitter fairy dust, or let them throw it into the air outside. finished.
choose your partner. get into position. begin with hip movement. move to the right. move closer. add arm and shoulder movement. get out of a stationary position. move in a circular motion. add movement.
keep your lilies in a cool, dark place. replace the water in your vase regularly. don’t keep them in the fridge overnight. change the water every day or two. trim the bottom of the lilies’ stems every few days.
determine how much vitamin b12 you need. eat fortified foods. recognize the symptoms of b12 deficiency. know if you’re at risk. talk to your doctor before taking a b12 supplement. be aware that some medications can decrease the absorption of Vitamin b12. know when to see a doctor if you suspect you may have a vitamin b 12 deficiency.
try to obtain a bank loan to purchase a house to flip. develop a business plan with your bank.
preheat your oven to 350°f (177°c) and peel the potatoes. slice the potatoes as thinly as you can. pre-boil the potatoes in a large pot of water. preheat the oven to 400°f/200°c. mix the oil and salt in a medium-sized bowl. place the potatoes on a baking sheet lined with parchment paper. bake the chips in the oven for 15-20 minutes, turning once. remove the chips from the oven and place them on a wire cooling rack to cool. season the chips with salt and pepper, if desired, and bake for another 10-15 minutes. serve the chips while they are still hot. finished.
eat a balanced diet. make your own meals. eat three meals a day. don't eliminate foods you like. avoid sugary drinks and alcohol. eat the right way. avoid diets. talk to your doctor about your weight. avoid stress about food. exercise regularly. wait to lose weight until you're at your ideal weight. keep your weight off safely. get enough sleep. get plenty of exercise. eat a healthy diet. drink plenty of water. get a good night's sleep every night. get regular exercise. get rid of bad habits. get help if you need it. be patient.
listen to the words of the bible: "i praise you, oh father, god, i love you and you are my heavenly father. praise god in your heart: "you are my god, my heavenly king, i praise you. praise the lord in all that you do: the sky, the sea, the earth, and all that is within you.", praise god with your words: "oh god, you are the creator of all things; you are all that i can see and feel.", listen to worship music. read the book of psalm's 22:3, psalms 22:4-5: "praise the lord, oh god, for he is the god of the universe.", read the bible of isiah, where he said: "the lord is the lord of the poor, and the righteous is the messenger of the gospel". , read the holy bible of the gospels, where it says: "in the name of the father, the lord is my strength and the foundation of my salvation.", , pray to god: "god, i thank you for the heavens you have given me. listen to praise music in your daily life.
ggather a 1 to 2 inch (2.54 to 5.08 centimeters) chunk of hair from the side of your head. separate the hair into three sections. start french braiding across the middle section of your hair. cross the outer sections under the middle sections. add a strand to the hairline section. repeat the process with the other side part section. continue braiding until you reach the back of your neck. start braiding horizontally across the side part. continue braid the rest of the way around your head in a similar fashion. finish the braid off with a clear hair elastic or hair tie. consider french braided your braid longer, if desired. tie the hair off. consider adding some embellishments to your french braid before you tie it off. finish it off with some hairspray, bobby pins, or an ornate hair comb. finished.
think about what you want to achieve in your life. make a list of the things you wish to achieve. write these things out in a notebook. write them down. remember that happiness and accomplishment are the most important things in life. look at the examples of successful people in the world. realize that there is a recession period in life when you feel like your life is not going to be the way you want it to be. understand that life is like a roller coaster. choose from your heart. finished.
click on the start button. , type "shut down" in the search box. wait for a window to pop up. click the "turn off without installing updates" option. click ok.
make sure the house is in good condition. make a list of the changes you want to make. decide whether you will do all the repairs yourself or hire a contractor. think about how you will live while you renovate. determine what needs to be done first. decide how much of the remodel you will tackle at a time. consider doing one room or area of the house.
consider dermabrasion. try chemical peels. consider laser treatment. ask about steroid injections for keloid scars. consider collagen injections for indented scars caused by mosquito bites.
learn about the real estate market. learn about ownership and leasehold interest. understand the different types of real estate markets. choose between equity and debt. choose one of the four real estate sectors. choose private debt. consider flipping real estate to increase the value of a property quickly.
learn to read music. learn to play an instrument. take vocal lessons. sing in front of crowds. listen to other songwriters’ work. create a three-chord structure. write a melody. write the chorus. write your verses. create the bridge. write an intro. write lyrics for your first song. make a demo song. find a writing partner. create an outline for your song. create your lyrics. find an instrument to help you write the song. write and practice the lyrics. practice writing your song over and over. get feedback from others. revise your song and revise it again.
set up a projector in your backyard. set up the projector in a location where you can see the movie you want to watch. , set the screen resolution of the projector to the best possible resolution. turn on the sound system. play the movie. finished.
decide what you want your song to be about. start with an idea. read the bible. listen to a christian sermon. talk to your preacher. decide on a theme or message for your song. write about how you are feeling at the time you are writing the song. choose a genre or genre of music that you want to write a song about. look at other christian songs for inspiration. think about the order in which you would like to write the song in. add verses to the song to make it more complete. edit the song as you go along. make sure your song is finished. finished.
make sure your vehicle is parked on the curb. make sure the vehicle is in park. align the axle of the vehicle with the curb, if it is not already. slowly drive the vehicle towards the curb and slowly put the tires on the ground. pull the vehicle over to the side of the road.
make sure you know the teams. find out the initial team seeding. fill in your bracket. use the data validation feature to prevent incorrect input. mark your incorrect guesses. track the results.
open up your video player. go to the 'settings' menu. select the chroma keyer. change the colour of the video. adjust the blur level. click on the 'stop' button.
decide what kind of vehicle you want to use. look up the character's stats. decide between automatic and manual drifting. learn how to do a rocket start. learn to do the "shaking" technique. learn the tricks. stay low to the ground as much as possible. use shortcuts to get around obstacles. use tricks to get a speed boost. use the mini-turbo to get speed boosts. try out different characters. try different combinations of karts and bikes. have fun racing!
plan ahead. make to do lists. learn to work with others. set realistic goals. set yourself up for success. take responsibility for your own success. set goals for yourself. take breaks. learn from your mistakes. take care of your body. take good care of yourself.
use a scar removal product. neutralize scars with a concealer. layer your makeup. apply foundation that is the same color as your skin tone.
ask your friends for their opinions. ask your family for their opinion. determine if this person makes you want to be the best person you can be. see if you mean your apology. notice if you feel comfortable.
double-click the picture you wish to compress. click compress pictures. click all pictures. turn off the "all pictures" option. click ok. click apply to all files (optional).
identify your niche. understand your customers. make a list of words that describe your business. pick a name that reflects your product or service. try a combination of nouns, adjectives and verbs. go with an earthbound name. use one noun and one modifier. use the name of a family member or friend. use a portmanteau. use sonic literary devices. keep it short. don't use construction-speak. avoid common business names. avoid names that are too similar to each other. make sure your business name is unique. make your name unique. be sure your name is easy to pronounce and pronounce correctly.
schedule appointments to have the dressing changed. change the splint or bandage yourself if you can't take your cat to the vet. remove the bandage and wrap the injured limb yourself.
make sure your dog gets enough exercise. get some toys for your dog. decide where your dog is going to sleep.
look for corporate positions. obtain the necessary education. gain experience in business. look for entry level business positions. get any necessary certifications.
purchase a 1kg bag of vermiculite at a gardening store. add vermicuite to soil that gets soggy. build a container with 2x6 wooden boards. lay down a foundation for the container. add the verMiculite to the soil. spread the ver miculite over the entire soil area. add seeds to the container if you're seeding. transfer your plants to the new container. water your plants. test for contamination. store your container in an asbestos-free area. make sure the container is well-ventilated. keep the container in a cool, dry place. protect your plants from the elements. keep your plants away from the sun. avoid over-watering plants.
find out where the car was taken. determine if your car is subject to forfeiture. contact the police precinct. call the impound lot. gather information about your car. gather the necessary documents. pay the administrative fees. take your car to the dmv. have your car impounded. talk to the attendant. get a release letter from the police department. submit the release letter. receive your car back in the mail.
write the woman's full name on the envelope. use the same name and title on all other materials. address the letter with the person's full title.
decide if you would like to change your name. change the name on your marriage certificate or divorce petition. use the court system. apply for a name change on other documents. notify the appropriate government agencies.
clear the licorice locks on the right side of the playing board. make a horizontal striped candy to help prevent the cherry from getting stuck above the chocolate. try to clear the chocolate on the left side before the chocolate spawnsers begin releasing their chocolate. use combos of candies of the same color to help bring the cherry to the bottom. focus on making matches on the sides of the board that are closest to the chocolate to help the cherry reach the bottom as soon as possible.
eateat foods that contain tyrosine. eat foods high in omega-3 fatty acids. increase your intake of soy products. eat more fruits and vegetables rich in antioxidants. finished.
use black permanent markers. keep it simple. draw out a design. add glitter, colored markers, or glitter.
seek immediate medical attention if you or someone else is in danger. get out of the water as soon as possible. apply white vinegar to the sting-site. remove the jellyfish tentacles with tweezers, a knife, or a pair of clean sticks. drive away from the water. apply heat to the area. take a painkiller. do not pee on your jellyfish sting. stay away from fresh water. don't use alcohol to treat jellyfish stings. clean the area with warm water. take over-the-counter antihistamine pills or creams. see a doctor if the pain doesn't subside within a day.
listen for the shot from the gun. take deep breaths. fire out low and lean forward. accelerate at 20 meters. keep running.
understand that the process of determining paternity can be complicated. consider the circumstances in which you might have reasons to doubt your paternity. consider a woman's reproductive cycle. understand the reasons why a woman might be reluctant to disclose paternity. understand that a woman may not want to be told who the father of her child is. know the benefits of paternity testing. be aware of the emotional and psychological effects of paternity test.
turn the key to the first or second position. raise the windscreen wipers all the way up to where you want them to be. push the wiper arm away from the screen. rest the wipers on the bonnet if the car's bonnet is in the way. turn the key back to the off position. pull the wipers away. remove the clip. slide the new wiper blade onto the old blade. squeeze the clips between your fingers to lock the new blade into place. push back the wind screen wiper back down to the screen, being careful to support it with your non-dominant hand.
decide what you want your centerpiece to look like. decide how you want it to look.
gather your supplies. measure and cut the hair weft. cut the layers. attach the layers together. attach your extension clips. apply the hair extensions. style your hair as you normally would.
watch for sudden changes in data. set benchmarks for your dog’s activity levels. add other information to the app. keep the battery life of the device in mind. talk to your veterinarian.
download and install sugarsync. run the setup file. follow the on-screen instructions. open the folder you want to share. right-click on the folder and select “share folder.” this will bring out the context menu. , click on the “invite people” button. give the recipients permission to edit, edit, and sync files. enter the email addresses of your recipients. add a personal message. send the invitation. wait for your recipients to accept the invite. finished.
wear sunscreen every day. moisturize your skin regularly. wash your face twice a day. don’t pop your pimples. avoid using cortisone creams. avoid touching your face.
understand what a callus is. distinguish between calluses and corns. soak the feet in hot water. apply castor oil. apply vitamin e. vitamin e is a natural oil that can be used to soften the skin. make an aspirin paste. use a pumice stone. moisturize the callus. rub the calluses gently. use the pum ice stone. talk to your doctor if you need medical treatment. shave away the hardened skin. apply a moisturizing cream. apply an ice pack. apply ointment. apply aloe vera gel. apply calamine lotion. apply petroleum jelly. apply witch hazel. finished.
start with a thesis statement. start writing as soon as possible. add dynamic elements to your project to make it stand out from the crowd.
get the right equipment. warm up. stretch. start off slowly. run a mile trial. work your way up to longer runs. take it easy at first. run with a buddy. join a cross-country team or club. sign up for a cross country race. start training at home. train with a friend. join an athletic club. join the school's cross country team. run the race. race in the cross country championships. run in the state championships. try running the national cross country championship.
gather your supplies. squeeze out the glue from the box. mix the glue with the borax. add the b orax to the glue. stir in some food coloring. don't let anyone touch the goo, and don't eat it.
choose a fresh head of cauliflower. check the cauliflower’s color. buy florets instead of a whole head. buy cauliflower within 2 days of purchase. blanch cauliflower in boiling water. remove the core from the head. cut off the ends of the stems. peel off the outer layer of the leaves. wash the floret heads. rinse the flOREts in cold water. steam cauliflower to make a cauliflower curd. boil cauliflower for a puree. puree cauliflower instead of mashing it. sauté cauliflower on the stovetop. roast cauliflower with olive oil, salt, pepper and caraway seeds in the oven. finished. , finished.
become more social. reflect on your childhood environment. volunteer for an organization that helps people in need. live the life of someone else for a while. talk to people who make you feel uncomfortable.it can be difficult to develop empathy if you are uncomfortable with certain people, but try talking to them.
find a new hobby. spend more time with your friends. show them you don't care anymore. go somewhere new. travel. remember that it takes time to get over someone.
save money in a money-market account. determine how much you have to save. set up automatic paycheck deductions. open a roth ira (individual retirement account).
slouch, but don't slouch too much. engage your core. be strong. be asymmetrical. create pleasing angles. look away from the camera. quarter out. don't hang your hands around your face. keep your hands in front of your face, but not too close to your eyes. use your hair to your advantage. wear the right clothes. use the right hairstyle.
warm up the spectrophotometer. prepare your samples. clean the test tubes or cuvettes. fill the cuvette or test tube with the test solute to be analyzed. place a control solution in the container. prepare the blank. clean your cuvette. set the experimental wavelength. place the blank in the machine. calibrate the needle or readout. remove the blank and repeat the calibration. test the machine again. run the sample. record the transmittance and absorbance values. calculate the intensity of the light. interpret the absorbance value. analyze the results of your analysis. finished.
spread out the curtain on a flat surface. select a hair dryer or iron. hold the hair dryers or iron ½ - 1 inch from the curtain. hover the dryer over the folds. flatten out the fold.
simplify your daily routine. work on having a balanced life. live in the moment. be grateful for what you have.
determine how much ground you have to level. determine how much height you need to add or remove. decide whether or not you want to remove the grass. decide what you will use to level the ground. rent or buy ground moving equipment. tamp the soil. compact the soil if necessary. let the soil settle. buy grass seed. spread the seed. water the area. reseed the area if the grass does not grow in to your satisfaction. replant the grass, if desired.
make macaroni bechamel sauce. make baked potatoes and green onions bechame. make a soufflé with parmesan cheese.
get your hands on a pair of google glasses. think about how you're going to approach someone who has google glass. find someone to borrow or borrow a pair from. activate google glass by nodding your head slightly to the ceiling while saying, "ok, glass!", practice your head nod. go for the crazy cross eyed look. read up on google glass commands ahead of time. take a picture with your new glasses.
have the attitude. dress like clawdeen. wear lots of neon and bright colors. get the hair. wear a lot of makeup. have fun with your makeup!
find any kind of pick you like, and cut it into a shape that will fit on your bass guitar. sand down the edges of the pick to make it smooth. cover the pick with a piece of masking tape, and put it on the back of your guitar. enjoy your new pick!
right-click the title bar and hold down the mouse button. drag the window to the left or right edge of the desktop screen. release the mouse when you reach the boundary indicator. repeat the process for the other half of the screen. click one of the thumbnails in the open application window to fill up the empty space on the left side.
analyze your market. narrow your target market. put yourself in the customer's shoes. do a test run of your strategy.
find a suitable jug or pitcher. fill the container with water. seal the spout. place the pitcher or jug in a suitable place in your home. add a bird feeder.
develop empathy, empathy and empathy. be an active listener. learn to communicate with people in different cultures. develop your communication skills. be a team player. develop good problem-solving skills. develop dexterity with your hands. get good grades in high school. gain experience in healthcare. get a bachelor's degree in biology or a related field. earn a good gpa. participate in undergraduate research. take the medical college admissions test (mcat). apply to medical schools. get accepted to medical school. get licensed as a neurosurgeon by the american board of medical examiners (aacma). apply for admittance to the united states medical association (usca). take the mcat. apply for a fellowship in neurosurgery. start your career.
exercise regularly. do things on your own. make small lifestyle changes. eat healthier foods. make your favorite foods at home. eat more fruits and vegetables. eat slowly. wash your face twice a day. moisturize daily. wear sunscreen in the sun. finished.
make a timetable. don't do non-urgent work when you are at home. assign different tasks to different times of the day. set up a separate phone line and separate work area. explain to your family that you will be working. dress to impress. work when it is quiet. don’t overwork yourself. know what your limits are and stick to them. switch off when you need to, but don't.
realize that god is the creator of the universe and the earth. know that god the father is through and through. realize that god's spirit is everywhere. understand that love is the essence of who and what god is. remember that god loves you no matter what you do. know what the bible says about god's desire for you. know the difference between darkness and light. understand god's love for us. understand what god has given to us. know god's plan for your life. know how to live your life for god's sake.
find an online shop that sells bulk beads. browse through the different types of beads available. wait for the beads to arrive.
soak the beans overnight. drain the beans. add the beans and 2 cups (500 ml) of water to the pressure cooker. cook until tender. serve warm.
decide if prenatal yoga is right for you. decide how long you want to teach prenatal yoga. decide what kind of prenatal yoga you would like to teach. figure out how much you are willing to pay. decide if you are going to teach at a gym or at a studio. find a place to teach your classes. start promoting your class. once you have a good amount of students and a good number of students, you can start to rent space. continue to promote your classes and continue to build a client base. , be patient and be willing to compromise.
run or walk barefoot. do incline or hill work. jump rope. walk or skip on your toes. walk on your heels for 5 to 10 minutes.
brush your teeth after every meal. use a soft bristle toothbrush. consider using an interdental brush. floss every day. use an alcohol-free fluoride mouthwash once a day.
do a reverse lunge. do a bicep curl. try walking lunges. do side lunges with a twist.
place frozen food in the refrigerator until you are ready to cook it. determine how long it will take your food to defrost. keep the temperature of your refrigerator at 65 degrees fahrenheit (21 degrees celsius). do not allow food to drip onto other foods in your refrigerator. know when to refreeze defrosted food.
protect yourself from the fumes. mix bleach and water. wet tiles with warm water. scrub the grout with the bleach solution. let the solution sit for three minutes. wipe away excess moisture immediately.
find out where the nearest bus stop is. find out which bus you need to catch. get the correct change. get a ticket. know when the bus will stop at the stop you want to get off at. know how to get on and off the bus. be considerate of others. be wheelchair friendly. be prepared to ask for a seat. let the bus driver know when you want off. say thank you. wait for the bus to stop.
back up any important information. visit the google chrome support website. click the "chrome support" link. click support. click group policy editor. click download. download the zip file. double-click the downloaded file. open google chrome. click settings. click policy definitions. click common. click copy. right-click chrome.admx. click paste. open "this pc" on your computer. click this pc. click your computer's hard drive's designation. find the "p" folder. open the policy definitions folder. click and drag your file into the p folder. scroll down to the bottom of the page. click file. click open. open chrome's system preferences. click ⚙️. click options. click advanced. click show advanced settings.click the "show advanced settings" box. click chrome settings. check the "enable incognito mode" box in the "options" section. click ok.click ok. click change settings. select your preferred settings.
make sure the storage device is formatted to work with both operating systems. check that the device is recognized. select the files to transfer. transfer the files.
choose an mba program that is accredited by a professional accrediting agency. choose a program that fits your needs. decide if you want to take the course online or in-person. consider the course time.
exercise regularly. eat a healthy diet. get enough sleep. quit smoking. take vitamin d and calcium supplements. keep your brain sharp. get regular check-ups with your doctor. take care of your skin. maintain a healthy weight. get plenty of exercise. eat well. drink plenty of water.
check the spot gold price. know which coins are easier to sell. determine the gold weight of your coins. calculate the value.
shave with warm water and shaving cream or gel. wait a minute before shaving. change your razor regularly. shave in the direction of hair growth. wash your skin. moisturize.
make a loop with the right lace. coil the end of the lace around the loop. wrap the remaining lace end around the entire loop. repeat the process several times. pinch the top of the coil closed. repeat with the left lace to create another coil. finished.
set up the fax machine. connect the machine to a power source. turn off the machine. set-up a phone line. connect a phone cable. gather paper and ink. turn on the machine and check the telephone connection. create a cover sheet. order the pages. place the document into the scanner. dial the recipient’s fax number. hit the “send” button. check the fax. listen to the connection. check for errors. print the fax as needed.
log in to your zoosk account. change your profile information. go to your settings menu. click the "deactivate" link. deactivate the account. enter a reason for deactivating.
go to the library. start with your local library. use online resources. expand your sources. get creative. review your research. put it all together.
notice if you have a scratchy or painful sensation in your throat. examine your tonsils. pay attention to other symptoms of illness. check for signs of a viral infection. determine if your sore throat is a symptom of a bacterial infection. notice if your throat is irritated by allergies or irritants. consider other health issues like gerd and hiv. see a doctor if you feel like you have hoarseness or hoorrhea. get a physical examination. have your throat examined by a throat specialist.
find a fossil. find a gyroid. catch some bugs. go to tortimer's island. finished.
clean your carpet. sprinkle baking soda on the carpet. let the baking soda sit for several hours. vacuum up any excess baking soda with a vacuum cleaner bag or canister. mix a deep cleaning treatment with hydrogen peroxide, baking soda, soap, and water. pour the treatment onto the carpet or spray it with a spray bottle. allow the treatment to sit for at least an hour. remove the treatment from the carpet and allow it to air dry. vacuum or vacuum the area to remove any remaining baking soda and peroxide and let the carpet dry completely.
take a break. focus on what you can do. make sure you have everything you need. don't be afraid to try new things. get away from the game for a while. try to find a way to defeat the boss.
defeat yuuga. defeat moldorm. defeat margomill. defeat yuja. defeat stalbind. defeat gemesaur king. defeat grinexx. defeat knucklemaster. defeat zaga. defeat desert creatures. defeat kazu. defeat the final boss. defeat all the remaining mini bosses.
be athletic. get an assassin outfit. learn parkour or free-running. learn about the assassin's creed universe. get a hidden blade. learn the creed of the assassins. be careful when you're in a fight. remember the Brotherhood. be a good all-around assassin.
find out how much money you need to raise. set a goal. make a budget. decide what type of event you want to have. make sure you have everything you need for your event. advertise your event and make sure everyone is aware of it. make it easy for people to find it.
start with a polynomial. order your terms. format your equation. find the a, b, and c values of your variables. find your factor pairs. add or subtract the factor pairs together to get your b value. put the factor pair into a binomial. isolate the variable and solve the equation. subtract the two binomials. write down the two values that you got in your factor pair equation.
build a rapport. handle your chinchilla often. identify and address environmental stimuli that frighten your pet. calm down frightened chinchillas. stop undesirable behavior before it escalates.
identify the source of your weaknesses. focus on your strengths. use your strengths to your advantage. learn to rely on others. seek professional help if necessary.
think about what you are going to write about. think about the characters. make a list of all the characters in your story. create a story web page. write down all the sentences you want to use in the story. write a rough draft. write your introduction. introduce the conflict, or problem, in a way that the reader can relate to the characters life. give the reader a reason to care about the character. add in changes to the setting and characters. don't change the setting too much. give your reader time to get to the point. edit the story if you need to. read over the story yourself. have a trusted friend look over your writing. if you ever want to say, "i did it!, be proud!
be confident. talk like loki. dress in dark colours like black, dark blue, dark red and dark blue. be witty. be unpredictable. be secretive. be sly. be a good liar. don't be scared. be physically fit. be intelligent. loki is the god of power, he can do what he wants when he wants to do it and have fun.
connect the projector to the same network as your iphone. open the wi-fi doc application. connect to the projector. select a file-type. select your presentation file. view your presentation on the projector screen.
find a small statue of a dog. look at the pose of the dog in the photo. decide what kind of setting you want the dog to be seen in your painting. decide how you want to view the dog. decide if you are going to use a zoom in or zoom out view. find a pose for your dog. set up your work station. take more photos of your dog/model. look around your house for places where you might see a dog, if you don’t have one already.
sign into your google account. install whatsapp on your android. open whatsapp. tap agree & continue. scroll down and tap agree. tap continue. tap allow. enter your phone number. tap restore from google drive. follow the on-screen instructions to restore your data.
ggather your ingredients. add the ingredients to the bowl. sift the ingredients together with the sifter. pour the mixture into the container with the lid. , whisk the mixture. transfer the mixture to a container with a lid. store the mixture in the refrigerator. finished.
learn how to make money off promos. obtain and sell gold players. make sure you have the money to do this. do not sell your gold players for a lot.
schedule an appointment with your vet. allow your vet to perform a physical exam. treat the underlying cause of the scooting. have your vet empty your cat’s anal glands. treat an infected anal gland. treat a recurrent anal gland infection. express the anal glands after treatment. flush recurrent anal glands, if necessary. switch your cat to a high-fiber diet. treat your cat with flea treatment. vacuum your home regularly. keep your cat away from tapeworms.
learn how to audition. prepare for the commitment of a dance company. understand the demands of a professional ballerina.
avoid people with active tb. be aware of at-risk groups. lead a healthy lifestyle. consider getting the bcg vaccine. get tested for tb if you suspect you have been exposed to an infected person. take tb treatment. understand the different types of tb treatments. know when to see a doctor. know what to expect from your doctor. understand how tb is treated. know how to recognize the symptoms. know the risk factors for developing tb in the united states. learn how to prevent latent tb from spreading to others. know who is at risk for developing active tuberculosis.
know who is covered by hipaa. know who is not covered. understand the hipaa privacy rule. know the HIPaa security rule. learn how to protect your health information. know your own rights over your own information.
make sure you have enough money to run a museum. set up your museum. hire your staff. advertise your museum and invite people to come and see your exhibit. , make it special.
take your dog on walks. be consistent and offer a reward. use your dog's sense of touch. say “corner” before a corner. tell your dog to “watch” whenever something is in his way. say "step" before a step or curb. meet with a dog trainer.
preheat the oven to 350 degrees fahrenheit (180 degrees celsius). , measure the length and depth of the baking pan. cut four sheets of parchment paper. place one sheet on the base of the pan facing one direction. repeat with the remaining four sheets. , bake for 20 minutes.
scrub down the floor after you use the sauna. remove stains with a hand brush. use towels to prevent stains. vacuum the floor. clean out the areas where moisture may gather. rinse out the wood with soap and a hose. sand down the benches every year. get rid of mold. clean the floor with a deodorizing cleaner. use a pressure washer on the outside of the building. tighten any loose screws and check the door handles.
set up the crib before your baby is born. remove the cat from the crib immediately. remove your cat every time you find it in the crib. spray your cat.
gather your supplies. lay the shirt flat on a flat surface. cut a piece of cardboard in half and insert it into the bottom of the shirt. paint the shirt yellow and brown fabric paint over the cardboard insert. draw the turtle's shell. let the shirt dry. finished.
purchase high quality dusting rags and wands. use a dusting wand. wear a face mask when dusting. dust the surface of the dusty item. dust hard-to-reach areas with a wand. remove dust from large electronic devices. check for dust in cracks and crevices. use baking soda to remove toys. clean under large appliances. vacuum the air vents. clean around fans and air conditioners. wipe dust off of lamps and stoves. dust off the floor. vacuum under your bedding.
take care of your final exams. pay off all of your debts. order your graduation announcements and send them out as soon as you can. reach out to your teachers, professors and mentors. visit your college’s campus and take in a tour of the campus, if you can’t make it to the graduation ceremony. take a trip to your college or university campus.
create a blockhead character. , find a tree. chop down the tree. harvest the sticks. harvest more sticks. use a flint machete.
give yourself a deadline. set aside a specific time each day to blog. keep a list of post ideas. hire a guest writer. hire someone to edit your blog's html if you can't do it yourself. answer questions in the comments on your posts. don't let the internet take over your blog time. answer emails as soon as you get them, even if you don't.
go to the yelp website. , click on your profile icon. click on the "my reviews" tab. click the "view all" button. skim through your reviews. review your past reviews. scroll through your present reviews. find the "write a review" button in the upper right hand corner of the page. write your review update. give your review. give the business a star rating. click "post review" at the bottom right corner of your screen. click and drag the "save" button to save or publish your review to your computer.
visit the aereo website. download the app for your mobile device. update your browser. access aereo. start watching.
exercise regularly in the heat. wear the right clothing. stay inside during the day if you can’t go outside.
increase your protein intake. eat a high-fiber diet. increase your magnesium intake, especially if you are female.
create your own website. list your best work. include links to any publications you've been featured in. link to your blog. create a "about" page. include a "contact" page with information.
find out if they are taping on the day of your travel. go to the nbc studios the morning of the taping. make a list of all the people who will be going with you. choose your taping date and time. wait until you get a confirmation email from nbc. decide if you want to fly to new york and fly back the next day. show up at 30 rockefeller plaza at 8 am on the first day of taping to pick up your tickets. enjoy the show and have a great time!
purchase organic essential oils. use a diffuser. steam essential oils with water and water. take a warm bath with essential oil. spend an hour in a space that smells of essential oils only once.
cut the pound cake in half, lengthwise, and place it on a cutting board. , take a slice from the bottom of the cake. take the other slice of cake and cut it in half lengthwise. place the end cut of cake on top of the other pound cake, frosting side down. take a plastic bag and fill it with chocolate frosting. decorate the cab. make the headlights and hubcaps. take two doughnuts and cut them in half. take one of the twinkies and cut off a 2 inch (5.1 cm) portion from it. take another twinkie and cut a piece off of it that is the same size as the first one. , place the other doughnut on the body of the truck. , make the bucket. add the bucket teeth. place a chocolate cookie on the top of each doughnut. add sprinkles of sprinkles on top. , decorate with chocolate cookies and sprinkles. , finished.
decide what you’re good at. make something unique. know how much it costs to make each item. test your products on your classmates. advertise online.
ddetermine if the terms of the contract are “material.” a material breach of contract is when a party agrees to perform a task in exchange for a certain amount of money, but then fails to complete the task as specified in the contract. demonstrate that the other party has performed “substantial performance”. prove that you have been harmed. identify what the damages will be if the contract is not satisfied. identify compensatory damages. identify liquidated damages. consider punitive damages.
combine all of the ingredients in a bowl. cook the mixture in a slow cooker. add salt and pepper to taste and serve the dip. finished.
choose a jicama tuber. wash the tuber in warm water. rinse the tuber under running water. cut the tuber into quarters. place the jicamas in a bowl of water.
remove the cam valve cover. remove the plastic top half timing cover (10mm).remove the plastic upper half timing belt (21mm). align the timing marks on the back of the cam sprockets lined up straight across. align the crankshaft timing mark on the left side of the engine with the sprocket bolt pointing straight up ("it would then be at the top of the exhaust stroke"). align the harmonic pulley timing mark with the mark straight up.remove the lower timing cover and remove the bolt that holds the lower half of the timing belt in place. align and align the cam timing marks with the marks you just made on the sprocket with the "rubber stop-block.", remove the tensioner pulley bolt from the top half of your timing belt. , remove the upper timing belt from the engine block. , jack up the engine. support the engine and engine with a jack or jack-stand with a piece of wood or bricks. loosen the air-conditioner pulleys and air pump mount on top of engine. remove lower timing belt and air conditioner mount. remove upper timing cover.remove lower timing pulley and lower half timing belts. remove top and lower timing sprocket. remove power steering hose. remove engine cover and lower cam sprocket bolts. remove sprocket and lower harmonic pulleys. remove cranks haft key and crankshft key.remove crankhaft sprocket (21-16mm). remove the top and bottom timing belts (10-12mm). finished.
use the word “affect” as a verb. use the word as a noun to describe a change or change in something. use "affect" as a adjective to describe facial expressions. use “effect”.
pack your belongings. move your belongings to the new house. pack your belongings and move them to your new home. finished.
make a list of things you don't like about the girls in your school. , think about what you would like to do with your scrapbook. take pictures of all the girls you do like. make a scrapbook for every girl in your list. make the front cover of the scrapbook a little different. , take some pictures of yourself in front of the book. , hide the book in your locker. repeat the process. don't give up easily.
understand what stimming means. look at their eyes. watch their facial features when they are zoning out. don't assume they are staring into space. remember that stimming is a way to calm and focus. look for unusual facial expressions. be aware of jerky or jerky movements. watch for signs of anxiety or pain. understand that autistic people do things in a variety of different ways.
insert the needle into the bobbin case. , thread the needle. turn the hand wheel. raise the needle until it reaches its high point. hold the thread. pull the thread toward you. pull both pieces of thread under the presser foot. drape the tail of the thread to the back of the sewing machine. repeat the process with the other thread.
squat with dumbbell presses. do side lunges. punch dumbbells. do dumbbell sit ups. do leg raises.
go to bed early. stay awake for 90 minutes. relax. return to your bed. enter your lucid dream. watch flashing and color. drift off. interact with the dream. check your reality.
understand the legality. download a torrent client. find a torrent tracker. search for the torrent file you want. check the number of seeders. read the comments on the torrent. click the "download torrent" link. download the torrent in your client. understand what a torrent file is.
open your iphone's home screen. swipe down from the top of the screen. tap and hold an app. create a new folder. label the folder. add more apps to the folder if you wish. tap the home button when you're finished adding apps.
cook one dinner per day. serve meals at regular intervals. avoid serving snacks between meals. keep portions small and diverse. don’t give up if your picky eater won't try.
take your dog to the vet annually. get your dog vaccinated. treat your dog for heartworm and internal parasites. consider your dog’s specific needs. learn more about breed-specific health risks.
be open about your finances. share vital financial information with your partner. discuss any minor problems early. discuss how to help family members.
convert pounds, pounds, and tons to ounces. determine the number of ounces by dividing by grams. use a scale.
clean your piano regularly. find a piano technician. have your piano tuned regularly. ask your technician about voicing. ask about regulation if your piano’s parts start to wear or warp as you play.
don't wait until the last minute to start marketing. know your target market. write every day, at least once a week. keep your blog and social media accounts up-to-date. start a mailing list of all of your email contacts. build relationships with other authors and communities related to your writing. sign up for book-signing events and book giveaways. give away free copies of your last two books to friends and colleagues. offer a pre-order sale on your book.
use bee pollen instead of raw honey. purchase bee pollen from a local source. test your sensitivity to bee pollen. wait 24 hours before taking your first dose. gradually increase the amount of bee pollen you consume.
avoid warm temperatures. remain calm. avoid sweating during exercise. wear loose, loose fitting clothing. avoid tightly knit shirts. wear layers. wear dark colors. use underarm shields. use baby powder. raise your arms over your head. avoid spicy foods. bring a handkerchief with you to wipe away sweat.if you live in a place where there is a lot of sweating, then carry one.
choose a color. choose a summer-bearing or ever-bearer variety. choose plants that bear fruit throughout the summer and fall. select plants rated for your climate. make sure your plants get enough sunlight. protect your plants from wind damage. plan your rows. prepare the soil. water your raspberries well. fertilize your plants. prune back trees or bushes that block the sun. protect the plants from pests and disease. harvest the berries. store the berries in a cool, dry, dark place. finished.
choose a web content monitoring program. purchase or subscribe to the program. set up your filters. set a time limit on what can be accessed. monitor the program’s activity and alerts.
take pictures of yourself in a variety of different poses and styles. try to take a picture of yourself every single day. take a photo of yourself and try to recreate the shot. look at other people's photos and see what they did to get the look you want. if you see an opportunity, take it. experiment with different techniques. keep taking pictures and experimenting with different styles.
be kind to others. learn about the other person's hormones. listen to them. find out what their passions are. pay attention to their needs. take care of yourself. be confident in yourself. laugh with them. don’t play hard to get. ask them questions about themselves. make eye contact. do unto others as you would do unto yourself. let them know that they are sexy and irresistible to you.
understand the effectiveness of praziquantel against tapeworms. learn how prazquantel works. know the different products available. learn the dose and dosage of the best products for your cat's needs.
break apart a tree. open your minecraft menu. select the crafting area. select planks. make a bundle of sticks. craft a crafting table. open the table. make the sword recipe. equip the sword. use the sword to kill enemies and animals. break apart trees with your finger. craft from the crafting menu. craft the crafting table (pc). make a wooden sword from the tools crafting section. use your sword. get a pickaxe. find the right materials. combine a sword with a stick. smelt the sword into gold ingots. use iron ingots to make a more durable sword.
make the dressing. combine the ingredients for the salad dressing. toss the veggies and dressing. refrigerate the salad. serve the cold salad. finished.
sign up for facebook. announce your search. encourage friends to sign up. join public organ donation pages and community groups. use twitter. send a text message. post on facebook.
decide on the type of hosting you want. consider the bandwidth and security of your web host. ask other website owners about their experiences with web hosts before making a decision.
ask yourself if you want to do it. understand what eavesdropping is. know the legal consequences. consider the consequences.
text the person. be patient. show your friend that you are trustworthy. do new things together. make plans to spend time together. find similarities.
choose a time when all members of the family can be at the table for dinner. make sure that everyone is available for dinner at the same time each night. make it a family affair. get everyone involved in the preparation of the meal. ask everyone to sit down and have a seat at the dinner table. enjoy the meal together.
place the ham on a cutting board. score the ham. score in the opposite direction. create a latticework. add the cloves. make the glaze. bake the glazed ham. serve.
try high intensity interval training (hiit) workouts. increase the incline. make treadmill games for yourself. try some new cardio moves. do some strength training exercises. listen to music during your workout. run at a faster pace. do a warm-up and cool-down routine. go for a longer run. run on a treadmill with a friend. walk on the treadmill. run with a buddy.
decide whether you'd like to be anonymous or face-to-face. pray the sign of the cross. begin the confession. tell him your sins.
think about why you want to marry her. make sure she's the one. figure out her feelings. ask for her father's permission. choose the right time and place. ask her to marry you. propose at the right place and time. tell her that you love her with all of your heart. ask if she wants to be your wife. propose in front of her family and friends. be prepared for her to say no. be patient. be romantic. don't rush the proposal. be ready for a "no" if she says no. say "i love you."
get your testosterone levels up. don't use steroids. shave your chest. massage your chest with daktarin. rub an onion on your chest area. ask a male relative. be patient. remember that chest hair doesn't grow on its own. myths.
go to the uber mobile site. sign up for an account. enter your phone number. tap next. enter a verification code. tap sign up. request access to your account. wait for uber to respond to your request. open the uber app. , tap ☰.tap settings.tap payment.tap add payment method. tap request uber.tap the type of vehicle you want to request.tap request uberx or uberxxl.tap select vehicle.tap a vehicle type. tap add pickup-up location.type in your destination.tap next. type in your pick-up address. tap confirm. select a payment option. tap order uber. wait while uber finishes processing your order. tap the menu button. review your ride options. select your payment option (if applicable). review your fare options. wait until your ride and your driver arrive.
talk to people with down syndrome. listen to their stories. learn about the down syndrome community. wear blue and yellow. support bills that help disabled people. support medical treatments for people with ds. support special education for children and teens with down Syndrome. advocate for inclusion in the workplace. question the way you talk about intelligence. read articles from disability advocates. volunteer your time and energy to help people who need it. make friends with people who have down syndrome too.
focus on your breathing. learn how to jump and land softly. practice proper running form. be mindful of how you use your weights. use a mat to absorb noise. do low-intensity interval training (hiit) exercises at home. do high intensity interval training. do weight training on the elliptical machine. do cardio on a treadmill. do strength training on a stationary bike. do pilates. do squats. do burpees on the ground.
take cayenne capsules. take a c Cayenne tincture.cayenne tablets are available in the form of tablets, powders, or tinctures. mix cay chili pepper with water. drink a caysenne pepper and water solution. make a cay pepper water.
spot test the bleach on a small area of the linoleum. apply the bleach to a cotton ball and rub at the stain. blot the area clean with a clean rag and rinse with water.
talk to your dad about his favorite techie toys, gadgets, apps, tools, etc. look at his current technology collection. introduce him to new techie things. encourage him to embrace new technology. give him a techie book. dress him up in techie clothes. make him a gift of diy hacks. bake him a cake in the shape of his favorite gadget. make a gift card. buy him a travel card. give your dad a gift for his birthday. give a gift just for being a dad.
blend the acorns into a powder. mix the powder with water. prepare the iron salt solution. soak the bone overnight. remove the bone from the acorn dye. soak for another 8 to 12 hours. remove and hold the bone over the container. submerge the bone again overnight. allow the bone to dry for several hours. wash the bone with cool water and mild soap. let the bone air dry in a sunny spot before you use it. finished.
subscribe to vendor email lists. look for used or refurbished items. use coupons. check for sales and deals during peak times.
decide how wild you want your adventure to be. decide where you want to go. research everything you can. book your accommodations. prepare yourself physically. make sure that you're safe.
volunteer for a cause that relates to lenny.lenny kravitz has a wide array of interests, including music, fashion, politics, and activism. attend an upcoming show.if you're looking for a way to get in touch with lenny, you can try attending a show. contact his booking agent.you can contact lenny's booking agent directly, or use one of their proxies to get a hold of him. interview lenny for an interview.although you may not be able to meet and greet lenny directly, you could try to interview him for a media outlet. be realistic about your chances of getting in contact with him.
navigate to ebay.com and click on the search bar at the top right corner of the page. , type in the keywords you want to search for in the search box. select a category from the drop-down menu. click on 'search' once you have chosen a category. type in your keywords and click 'search'. click on any title of an item to be redirected to the item’s page. determine if the item was found. refine the search if necessary. finished.
take only what you need. make a list of what to take and what to leave behind. make sure everything is in its place.
eat plenty of fruits and vegetables. eat fish and shellfish. have whole grains. use olive oil instead of butter and other oils. include beans in your meals. have red wine in moderation, but not too much, as a requirement.
consider developmental child care. look into progressive preschools. consider montessori methods. consider reggio-emilio learning. consider the waldorf approach. consider a parent-cooperative learning program.
take a class at a yoga studio. buy a yoga swing. set up your swing. wear long sleeves and pants. avoid fizzy drinks before your session. practice with someone else. sign up for a class in a gym or studio. warm up before your workout. stand with your feet shoulder width apart. lunge into the swing. inhale and exhale into the lunge. return to the starting position. do the downward facing dog stretch. do an upward facing dog pose. do a forward facing dog. perform a downward facing cat stretch. try a seated forward facing forward bend. do downward facing forward bends. do side-to-side lunges. try downward facing splits.
make a list of things that make you feel good about yourself. write about your beliefs and feelings about sex. think about what you are okay with doing and where you draw the line. communicate your limits to others.
add "tens" to the left hand column of the tens column when the number is between 100 and 109.
make a rosemary rub. add dried rosemary to mashed potatoes. make a pizza topping. make an ice cream or gelato mix. add it to an omelet. make salsa. make rosemary biscuit dough. make pineapple and rosemary biscuits. use it on pork or lamb chops before grilling with pineapple juice.
open the command prompt as default user. enter the subst command: subst x: "d:\documents\john\letters". press ↵ enter or ⏎ return on your keyboard. , type in the drive letter of the folder you want to map. execute the subST command. to automatically map your folder when your system starts, open the start menu and put the batch file in your autostart folder. understand that subst mappings are only created for the user who issued the sub command first.
go to the yahoo website. click your profile image. click mail. click inbox. click compose an email. click the "to" field. click edit text size. select a font size. click next. click default rich text font. check the "text size" box. click save.
decide what you want to write about. come up with an original idea. make a list of rules. post your idea on the topic. wait for a few days for the idea to be accepted. once the idea has been accepted, post it to the forum. have fun with your new game!
understand square roots. know what a square root symbol means. understand what perfect squares are. memorize the first dozen perfect squares. learn how to simplify the square roots of imperfect squares. find the square root of a perfect square. know how to find a perfect squares of a negative number. learn the difference between a square and a fraction. know that a fraction is a decimal or fraction. understand that a decimal is a decimal. understand the meaning of the radical symbol. understand how to multiply numbers.
choose a color scheme that complements the color scheme of the room. decide how you want your color scheme to look and feel. choose a paint roller that is the same size as the paintbrush you will use to paint with. paint the room with the color of your choice.
purchase a set of jack stands at a local auto parts store. jack up the car. remove any hubcaps. loosen the lug nuts with a lug wrench or impact wrench. jack the car up. remove the lugs with the impact wrench or lug wrench. pull the wheel off of the wheelbase. unscrew the hub cap. remove and lubricate the retaining nut. check to see if the drum is stuck. pull off the drum. locate the brake shoe adjuster plug. retract the brake shoes. take off the brake springs. remove one of the emergency brake shoes from the backing plate. remove another emergency brake shoe. transfer the emergency shoe to the replacement shoe. place the new brake shoe into the slot on the back of the shoe. attach the brake spring to the new shoe. reattach the drum to the hub. test drive.
choose the right piece of furniture for glazing. sand the furniture, if you plan to. apply primer to the furniture. choose your glaze color. mix the glaze. apply the first coat of glaze to the top of the furniture with a sponge or rag. wipe off the excess glaze with a rag or baby wipe. apply a second coat of paint to the entire piece. allow the second coat to dry overnight. sand and sand the final coat, if needed.
identify relevant military jobs. apply for a federal tax credit. consider relocating to a new location. create a job description. contact your local american job center. use a job bank. post your job on a veteran job site or website.
be stealthy. hunt like a warrior cat. be loyal to your friends and family. learn the words for the four clans: thunderclan, twoleg, thundercats, and thunderwolves. learn how to use the word "twoleg.", learn the warrior cat language, and use it all the time. , learn the names of the clans. , use the warrior cats words in your daily life. , if you want to, you can also learn some other warrior cat words such as "i love you" and "i hate you". , have fun!
do general quests. complete guild quests. create a path of quests. participate in a full-scale war to gain lots of xp.
listen to the child’s curiosity. avoid using “burn” or “fire” words. reassure the child that pain is not part of the process. explain the soul will not be harmed. explain how the body will be cremated. discuss where the ashes will be scattered after cremation.
open a presta valve. check your tire pressure. inflate your tires to the recommended maximum psi. use a bike pump to inflate the tires. use the pump on a bike with one opening. finished.
dissolve the calcium in water. sterilize your canning jars. make the tea. mix the sweetener and pectin. combine the tea, vinegar, and calcium water. add the tea mixture to the jars and cook the tea jelly mixture.
stretch out the slinky. identify the problem area. pull apart the tangle. start with the smallest tangle first. hold the coiled end in one hand. use a ruler or another straight object to hold the slink. twist the slinking around the ruler. repeat the process until you get to the other end. repeat this process with the next tangling.
purchase the right tools. find a good spot to groom your dog. start brushing your puppy early. brush your dog’s coat every two to three days. look for mats in your dog's coat.
know where to find the first walking root. know how to teleport to varrock. know what to do if you don't have the appropriate level of magic. know where to teleport from. use a teleport ring. use an amulet of glory. use edgeville and varrock lodestone teleports. use balloons. know the main attractions of the city. use gielinor games to your advantage.
go to the order that you want to cancel. click the “request cancellation” link. click “cancel order.” you will be taken to the cancellation request page.
use an instant dial access number such as 0027 123 456789 to make a call to a country outside the european union. use an instant call access number to connect to the internet. use instant dial numbers to make calls anywhere in the world. understand the charges of instant dial companies.
layer a nude suede jacket with a cream-colored sweater or blouse. wear pastel suede with a pastel dress. layer a white tee with brown suede. wear suede over a military jacket. wear a vest.
wear clothes that you like. be yourself. be fun to be around. smile. be optimistic. keep things interesting. use emoticons that are unique to you. do things that aren't really done by a lot of people. take lots of pictures. be the one to initiate conversations.
plug your usb headphones into a usb port on your computer. , plug the headset into your computer using the usb cable. set your headphones as the default audio device. make sure that audio is playing through the headphones. your computer won't recognize the headphones as headphones.
launch need for speed world. log into your account. enter the nfsw world in free roam mode. locate the team escape race marker. start the race.
fill out a petition to change your name. file your petition. have the petition notarized. schedule your hearing. complete a legal notice form. publish your legal notice. attend your hearing and receive your decree of name change. change your legal name at all public and private institutions in nebraska under your new name.
draw a basic outline of your image. sketch your drawing. draw in the main lines. fill in your base colors. draw the edge of your shading area. draw a line. add in the shadows and highlights. add the highlights and shadows. finish off your drawing by adding more details and textures. finished.
delete the file or folder you want to delete. open the recycle bin. delete the entire contents of your recycle bin (optional). understand the limitations of this method.
learn the malay alphabet. listen to a native speaker speak malay. understand the role of numbers. learn the numbers from one to ten. learn to pronounce the numbers 1 to 10. practice counting everyday. memorize the words for ten. count to ten in english. count by heart. count in your head. count with your friends and family. count on a calendar. count using a calculator. count without a calculator or calculator.
take good care of your body. take care of the skin. keep your face looking presentable. maintain your hair and nails. maintain good posture. put together an outfit. find the right clothes for your body type. find clothes that fit your body shape. wear clothes that make you feel confident. wear makeup that makes you feel good about yourself. don't be afraid to show off your best features. be confident in who you are and what you are.
realize that we are all created in the image of god. realize that there is a need for love and companionship. recognize that the human condition is the result of god’s creation. understand that we have a right to believe in a creator and maker. consider the following quotes from christianity: “if you believe in god, you have faith in yourself, but you have no faith in the universe” st. louis lewis. consider these quotes as examples.
determine how long it takes to see results. use less gel. use the tray less frequently. break up treatments into smaller sessions. suspend use of the gel. avoid staining your teeth. limit your intake of staining substances. drink with a straw.
clean your air filter every 5,000 miles. replace the air filter if necessary. have a professional mechanic inspect the car air filter.
go to your closet and find the clothes you want to wear. put the clothes in your bag. put your hairbrush, comb, and anything else you need. put everything back in the bag. congratulations!
learn the alphabet. learn to pronounce each word carefully. immerse yourself in thai. study the basics of the language. speak thai on a regular basis. look up words you don’t know. listen to thai music and watch thai videos. go on a trip to thailand. take a thai language class. join a community in your area. take thai classes. take classes at a local college or community center. get a job in the thai community.
get a good gpa in high school. get an undergraduate degree in psychology. get as much experience as you can. choose a graduate program. apply to graduate school. complete a master’s degree. apply for a ph.d program in clinical psychology. complete your doctoral program. find a job as a clinical psychologist. consider specializing in clinical social work. consider a career in research psychology. look for jobs in the mental health profession. join the american psychological association (apa). join the national association of clinical psychologists (naap). apply for professional membership in your state or country.
remove the blind. remove the blind from the wall. remove any loose pieces. place the blind on a flat surface. fill a bucket with warm water. scrub the blind with a soft brush. soak the blind in the cleaning solution. rinse. dry the blind thoroughly.
breathe deeply. practice mindfulness meditation. focus on your breath. use visualization. understand self-hypnosis. prepare for your hypnosis session. choose your goal. visualize a staircase. climb the staircase. exit the trance state. repeat the process until you reach the top of the stairs. return to your normal state of mind and body. use hypnosis to relieve stress. learn about hypnosis. understand the benefits of hypnosis for the mind. understand how hypnosis can help you cope with stress. seek professional help.
brush your hair. part your hair in the middle. create a foundation braid. add more hair to the right strand. continue the braid along the curve of the head. repeat the process on the other side. add the two braids together. style as you wish. finish the look.
decide what “cool” means to you. dress the part. be aloof. don’t be afraid to be yourself. decide whether or not you’re going to smoke. get a zippo. get some lighter fluid. hold the lighter in your dominant hand. flint the lighter with your thumb and forefinger. flick the lighter. light the wick with your index and middle finger. flick it with your pinky-greeny thumb. light your lighter. keep flicking.
contact your lawyer. ask to be excused for medical reasons. ask for a medical certificate. say you got into a car accident or natural disaster. get a warrant out for your arrest.
familiarize yourself with the parts of your rod. clean the female and male pieces of the rod. join the pieces together. insert your reel. rotate the male piece around the female piece. lift the bale arm. thread the eyelets. close the arm. pick the right lure for the weather. choose a lure based on the type of fish you’re aiming to catch. use a spinner or a spoon. try a lures. choose the right bait for the water you are fishing in.
change your environment. turn on the lights. use aromatherapy. clean up your space. listen to music. tap your feet.
calculate the annual compound rate (apy). calculate the apy. multiply the annual interest rate by the number of times the interest is compounded. use the exponent function. multiply by the daily interest rate.
don't give up hope. date yourself. go somewhere new. get rid of the mementos. make new friends. spend time with your old friends. do something you've always wanted to do. take care of yourself. learn a new skill. get a new hobby. spend more time with people who make you feel good about yourself. don't let your ex ruin your life. get out of your comfort zone. get some exercise. spend some time with friends and family. relax.
gather the materials needed. , choose the colors of rubber bands you'd like to use. fold the paper clip in half lengthwise. form the first part of the necklace. wear the necklace as desired.
understand the current debate. understand what benadryl is and how it works. be aware that cough and cold medications should never be given to children younger than 6 years old. consult with your pediatrician. give your child the recommended dosage. do a trial run.
click on the start menu and select "screen capture". click on the screen you want to capture a screenshot of. click and drag the crosshair around your screen. click on "capture screen.", click on your crosshair again.
go for hoodies and jackets. buy a leather jacket. add some cargo shorts. wear a white t-shirt. get a buzz cut. buy an oversized watch. add a baseball cap to your outfit. try a dark knitted cap. wear an oversized gold pendant. avoid worrying about what other people think. follow your passions. question authority. read comic books by eminem. listen to his music. go to a local comic store and buy some comic books. watch his music videos. take a trip to the mall or thrift store. buy some clothes with emblems on them. wear earrings. wear sunglasses. carry a large bag with you everywhere you go.
decide what you want to do with your dream diary. find a suitable notebook. write the dream down in the middle of the night. record the dream as soon as you wake up in the morning. speak the dream to yourself. remember that this is a dream diary, not a diary. pay attention to the dream immediately. begin to interpret the dream. start with a title and a title page. continue to read the dream and write in the diary. finished.
identify the shooter. select the dice. make initial bets. roll the dice and determine the outcome of the first roll. make additional bets if necessary. determine which bets are paid, lost, or held over for subsequent rolls. identify the house’s odds. place a bet on the house. make a pass or don’t pass bet. place an odds bet. make another bet. finished.
ask your friends and family for referrals. ask for referrals from people in your social network. meet the potential babysitter in person. ask the potential sitter for references. call the references of the sitter and ask if they know the child's name. ask questions about the babysitter's experience, such as, "what happens if something unexpected happens to the child?, make sure that the child is in good hands when you're leaving the house for the night.
make sure you have a high level character and mule. go to the dungeon. kill all the monsters in the dungeon with your high level characters. kill the king of staffs and the claw Viper amulet. kill everything except summon. kill duriel. talk to tyreal and he will give you the mule and tell you to go to town to get the amulet.
wait until you feel the urge to smoke. go to a place where smoking is not allowed. avoid situations that tend to trigger your nicotine cravings. eat healthy foods and snacks. use your hands to eat. get rid of all cigarette paraphernalia in your home. exercise regularly. relax your mind and body. use a nicotine replacement. write a letter to your doctor or a health care professional. do not consume more than 1 cigarette a day. find a support system to help you quit.
choose a tarot deck. determine your goals. create a mission statement for your deck. learn how to handle the cards. memorize all 78 cards. purchase a tarOT book.
open your iphone’s settings. scroll down and tap general. tap fitness. slide the “fitness tracking” button to the on position.
clean the surface thoroughly. remove any obstructions. hammer out any dents with a hard material. sand the chrome. consider using a blasting gun. use wax and grease remover to remove the chrome from the metal. wipe the chrome off with a clean, dry cloth.
open your iphone's settings. scroll to the fourth group of options and tap contacts. , tap last, first. , slide the "last, first" checkmark to on.
fold a square blanket in half. rotate the blanket. fold the top corner down. position the baby. bring the bottom corner of the swaddling blanket up. wrap the blanket around the baby’s neck. tuck the last corner in place.
wash your hair with warm water. use a shampoo that is free of silicones. avoid shampoos with sulfates and detergents. get the right conditioner for your hair. wash your hair at least once a week with shampoo, conditioner, and/or mousse. trim your hair every 6-8 weeks to get rid of any split ends.
prepare your meditation space. stretch your body. find a comfortable position. focus on your breathing. visualize shiva. shake your hands. rub your feet on the ground. make circles with your hands and visualize the universe. visualize yourself as a kundalini. chant the k Kundalini mantra. chant shiva's mantra. visualize your body as shiva’s avatar. visualize the world as shivahara.
talk to your doctor about your options. understand the different types of birth control pills. skip over the seven inactive pills. move on to a new pack of pills. be aware of the drawbacks.
board the airplane. take off. control the plane’s altitude. change the direction of the plane. shoot enemies with your weapons. adjust the view of the camera. land on a flat, open field.
prepare the elderberries. mix the tincture with your essential oils. add your carrier oil. apply the perfume to your skin and experiment with the scent.
launch the avast antivirus protection program. , open the settings menu. select “settings.” click on the “change settings” tab. , click on “virus protection”. choose “turn on all shields” from the list of options.
keep your skin out of the sun. use retinoids to fight age spots and wrinkles. use makeup to help or hurt your skin, depending on your needs. exfoliate your skin every night. apply a moisturizer to your blemishes to reduce puffiness and puffiness. use home remedies to reduce redness, puffiness, and inflammation.
talk to the autistic person about their interests. don't overdo the special interest talk. encourage them to join a club, club, or organization related to their special interest. take them to places that share their special interests. introduce them to other people who share their interest. help them meet other people with special interests that match theirs. be a good friend, but don't let them be friends with people who don't accept them for who they are.
decide on a time and place for your guests to leave their used cameras at the end of the ceremony. designate a place for guests to place their used camera(s) after the ceremony to be returned to their original case. designate children to be the photographers for your wedding ceremony. consider giving away disposable cameras to family and friends.
peel and slice the jicama. make the sour cream sauce. assemble the sandwiches. serve the sandwiches and top the sandwich. serve and enjoy!
identify the type of ant you are dealing with. spray a solution of vinegar and water on entryway points and ant trails. call your local extension office. call a professional exterminator. determine if the ant nest is inside or outside your home. set a trap. use diatomaceous earth or borax to kill the ants. kill ants away from the nest with dishwashing liquid and water. use an insecticide on your lawn. prevent the ants from moving closer to the house. remove food sources for the ants, such as food scraps, cans, cans and other containers. clean up your house with a vacuum, vacuum cleaner and paper towels.
insert yogurt into your vagina. use a yogurt suppository. take a probiotic supplement. use curasept periodontal gel. use garlic. use boric acid to kill yeast in the vagina.
heat a pan on the stove. brush the cut sides with melted butter. toast the buns for 10 to 15 seconds. serve warm. finished.
plan a relaxing activity after. write down what you want to say. choose a good time and place to talk. tell them about your triggers. gather information for them. explain your treatment and recovery process. remind them that it is not their responsibility.
write out the name of the first author. write out the names of the second author. list the names and titles of the other authors. write the name and publication date of the sponsoring institution or organization.
make a mushroom pizza. make a mushroom and cheese pizza. try a veggie pizza. create a hawaiian pizza. mix up a summery pizza. go italian.
write down questions and observations before you enter the water. make a list of things to keep in mind while you are in the water and write them down on a slate.
make a paper towel roll base. roll disposable diapers into a square. wrap the diapers around the base of the roll. secure the diapers with curling ribbon. create the first layer of the bottom tier. make the first tier of the second tier. create a base for the third tier. add the final layer of diapers. decorate with ribbon. add decorations to the top of the cake.
don’t bandage your sores. avoid picking at your sore. talk to your doctor about treatment options. take antiviral drugs. use an ointment. follow up.
chop the chilies and make the chili paste. make the soup base. boil the broth, soy sauce, and paste. add the greens and mushrooms. stir in the tofu, arugula, and herbs.
peel and slice the cucumber. mix the yogurt and water in a bowl. , add the yogurt mixture to the bowl and mix well. , make sure that the mixture is thick enough. peel the cucumbers. add the water. add mint or dill. add cumin seeds. add chillies. serve.
start by giving your baby a few spoonfuls of vegetables at a time. give your baby small bites of each vegetable. establish a mealtime routine. encourage your baby to eat when he is hungry. make vegetables more interesting to your baby. eat the same vegetables as you do. experiment with different kinds of vegetables. watch kid's shows and movies. hide vegetables in your baby's food to encourage them to eat them. make your baby aware of their preferences.
apply a base coat. paint your nails with your non-dominant hand. make sure your brush is clean. paint the bottom of your nail. use the three stripe method. apply several thin layers of polish. allow the nail polish to dry completely. apply a clear top coat. use a nail polish remover. add a top coat of clear nail polish.
draw an oval on a piece of paper. draw the owl's eyes. add the head. add a point in the middle of the oval. draw a set of horns on the owl. add wings and a perch. add details. color the owl and add other details. make more hooters!, finished. finished.
locate the valve cover bolts. look for the identification tag underneath the engine. look under the indicator bulb, dipstick tube, and carburetor stud. read the numbers on the tag. learn how to read the id tag.
understand the notation. e4 e4. move the king pawn two spaces forward. move black's king bishop two spaces. move white's king knight to f3. develop the knight. develop black's queen pawn. play the modern defense. mate!
make the cat's face. cut the ears, nose, mouth and eyes. assemble the cut pieces. make the rice. add the rice layer. add a layer of nori (a pawprint shape. layer the salad. add in the remaining salad. finish the bento. , serve and enjoy!
wait until the baby is old enough to play. support the baby’s head and neck while playing. hold the baby under the arms instead of by the hands or elbows. watch for signs of enjoyment. know when to stop rough play. rough play early in the day.
get some corrugated cardboard and a picture frame. clean the frame. trace the cd onto the cardboard. cut out the rectangle. paint it. set it up. put it all together. put the jewel case in the hole. fasten it back together. hang it up!, adjust the balance as needed.
decide on a theme. decide where you want to host the pageant. make sure you have all the supplies you need. find people to host it. advertise it. send out flyers. have fun and enjoy!
get rid of any negative thoughts. learn korean. listen to korean music. listen for korean song artists like bts, blackpink, red Velvet, shinee, k-pop, f(x), etc. write your lyrics in korean or any other asian language. make sure that your song is easy to remember. make it fun and easy to sing. have fun with your song!
boil the pork. mix the pumpkin with the sour cream. cook the vegetables and onions. add the chili powder and the rest of the pumpkin. combine the vegetable and pumpkin mixture with the pork and simmer. add your mustard greens and season the chili. serve the chili in bowls. finished.
choose an eye shadow that matches your skin tone. choose a mid-range to expensive foundation. use a liquid or liquid eyeliner. test the eye shadow on your face or hand before you buy it. do not use a shadow that is one shade darker than skin.
call tracfone. request an unlock code. wait for the representative to give you the code. get a sim card from another network. turn off your samsung tracafone. remove the back cover of your phone. insert the sim card of the other network. power on your phone and turn it on. enter the unlock code on the phone screen.
watch tv. use google. learn more about the world. try a new cuisine. set goals for yourself. be happy with yourself. learn from your mistakes. let go of the past. focus on the future. be the best version of yourself you can be. know that you are loved. love others as much as you love yourself. love the world around you.
launch safari. click on “tools” from the menu bar at the top of the screen. , add a tool to your toolbar. customize the toolbar. click “done” when finished.
get the clothes. get the accessories. buy the shoes. have the hair. get a tan. be healthy. take good care of your body. take a shower every day. do a facial every week. do your make-up. eat healthy. get in shape. do sports. have a good attitude. be a good student. be yourself. don't worry about what other people think of you, just be yourself!
use your cell phone as a note taker. if you have a cell phone with a built-in search engine, you can use it to search the internet for the answers to the questions you need. use notepad to write your notes on your phone. use your phone's search function to find the answers you need quickly.
open google hangouts on your internet browser. click the search bar. search for the person you want to invite. click on the person's name or picture. enter your own invite message. click "invite.", click send.
find a good catcher. find a good first baseman and second baseman. get a good left fielder. pick a good right outfielder. get good players in center field. find an energetic outfielder. find your best pitcher. rotate your pitchers often.
cover up with loose clothing. choose a pattern. layer your tops. wear oversized hoodies or sweatshirts. wear cotton or cotton-blend clothing in hot climates.
read to your children every day. ask them questions about what they have read. check their spelling and spelling. set story titles. correct any mistakes you find in their writing. correct their own writing, without identifying which parts are errors.
understand what the summer solstice is. plan a trip to see the solstice. attend solstice celebrations. be aware of the exact timing of the sun's rays hitting pre-ordained positions. find a good place to watch the sun and moon. consider going to a remote location. bring a telescope or binoculars. bring along a telescope and camera.
understand the importance of omega-3 fatty acids. know that fish oil supplements can improve your baby’s cognitive development. understand that the evidence is not yet conclusive.
fill a large cup with fresh herbs. pour 1 tablespoon (15 milliliters) of olive oil into the cup. pulse the herbs and oil in a food processor for 1 minute. add the rest of the oil to the food processor. pour the herb and oil mixture through a coffee filter. press the herbs against the filter. repeat the process with the remaining oil. transfer the herb mixture to a glass jar. store in the refrigerator.
diversify your sources of income. sell what you don't use. keep more of your money for yourself legally. take advantage of tax deductions. invest in index funds when you get raises.
gather your supplies. roll a sheet of paper clay into a ball. punch a hole in the center of the ball with a rolling pin. punch some shapes into the clay using a craft knife or cookie cutters. let the clay dry completely. paint the clay, if desired. seal the clay with a clear acrylic sealer or glossy sealer. glue a round button magnet to the front and back of the clay piece. finished.
decide if you want to form a partnership. get to know the other partner. talk to each other. work with each other before forming the partnership. meet with an attorney. choose the right partnership form. identify the partnership and the partners. identify capital contributions. state the partnership’s effective date of dissolution. include a severability clause. explain how the partnership will be managed. describe how the agreement will be taxed. include boilerplateplateplate provisions. add a merger clause. add an indemnity clause. insert signature blocks. show the agreement to a lawyer. sign the agreement. make copies of the agreement for your records and records.
realize that your parents are going through a very difficult time, just like you are. talk to your friends about it. don't be afraid to talk to the judge. try not to be angry at your parents for their decision. if your parents have made a decision, don't let it get you down. if you do want to stay with your parents, but you don't want to be with your dad, try to keep in mind that you can always go back to your mom. tell your parents what you want. tell someone you trust what is going on in your head. if they are having a hard time, too, they may not want you to talk about it with them. remember that you are not alone in this.
pour 1 cup (240 milliliters) of plain sour cream into a large bowl. add 2 tablespoons (30 grams) of olive oil and 1 teaspoon (15 grams) dried parsley. stir the ingredients together with a fork. pour the mixture into the bowl and refrigerate it for at least 1 hour. serve the dip with the dried onion. refrigerate the dip in the fridge overnight. finished.
remove the celery from the stalk. peel the onion. add the onion to a frying pan or pot. pour in the broth. remove the soup from the heat. pour the soup into a bowl. place the soup in the refrigerator to chill. , remove from the refrigerator. pour into a serving bowl. garnish the soup. serve and enjoy. finished.
ask your child’s eye doctor about amblyopia. look for symptoms of amblyopia. test your child's response to movement. take photographs of your children's eyes. have your child examined by an eye doctor. ask your doctor about prescription eye drops. consider surgery as a last resort. discuss the possibility of glaucoma with your doctor or pediatric.
feed your squirrel. get squirrel food. provide water. check for injuries. be careful when handling a squirrel. clean your squirrels. make sure your squirrel gets plenty of exercise. install perches in your squirrel's cage if you're keeping him longer.
add a dash of salt to your coffee. try adding cream or milk. add a teaspoon of sugar to the coffee.
determine your modified adjusted gross income (“adjusted gross income”) for 2014. determine if you are eligible to contribute to a roth ira. choose an investment option. choose a brokerage or financial institution. name a beneficiary. apply for an account. open your account. make contributions. monitor your account’s performance. review your account periodically. monitor the account. manage your roth IRA.
place the record on top of the glass. place the record and glass in the oven. put the record into the oven for 10-15 minutes. remove the record from the oven and place it on a flat surface. press the record against the glass pane. remove and inspect the record.
give plenty of time to training. socialize your yorkie. teach basic commands. use positive reinforcement and training. get your dog vaccinated. brush your dog’s teeth daily. have your dog's teeth professionally cleaned. take your dog to the veterinarian for regular check-ups. keep your dog on a leash when you walk him. use a harness if your dog has a trache. consider getting a microchip collar. consider spaying or neutering your dog. take care of your dog at the vet's office. get regular dental checkups. get a flea exam. consider microchipping your dog regularly.
decide on a color scheme. choose a vase. keep your flowers simple. arrange your vases. add a houseplant to your coffee table. use succulents.
be laid back. listen to music. sing. sing in front of others. surround yourself with the right people.
make a sangria with red wine and orange gelatin. make a jello shot with rum and cola. try cosmopolitan jello shots. try cognac jello with lemon juice and prosecco. try a tequila jello.
use this hacky sack for beginners. cut off the toes of two socks. sew the sock shut with strong thread. fill the hole with stuffing. finish sewing the hole shut. sew a second sock over the first one.
talk to like-minded people. decide on some basic issues. create a separate bank account. discuss your group’s mission and outreach. decide how you will make donations. keep records of all donations. evaluate the effectiveness of your group as a group and make necessary changes.
figure out what you're passionate about. find other fandoms. learn the language of your fandom. learn about the canon. start a fanfiction. learn to cosplay. make your own merchandise. get involved in the fandom community. join a forum. join an online community. start your own blog. get a fanfic account. make a cosplay!, get involved with other fangirls.
glue a button to the shaft of a rotary motor. make a "tube" for the needle. bend a spoon into an "l" shape to make a brace for the tube. attach a string to the end of the tube to act as a handle. sterilize the needle by boiling it in a pot of water.
go to the supermarket. , look at the menu. go to the produce section of the grocery store. , check the prices of the items in each category. go back to the food section. go through the vegetable section. ask your friends which vegetables they like the most and which they would prefer to eat less of.
build trust. show your partner that you will never judge them. share your communication habits with your partner. be an honest individual when you communicate.
place your cat in a calming environment. follow your vet's instructions. monitor your cat for signs of complications at home.
soak the chia seeds in water. prepare the zucchini, potatoes, and onion. stir together the dry ingredients. stir in the wet ingredients. heat a skillet over medium-high heat. pour the batter into the skillet. cook the fritters in batches until they turn golden brown. serve them warm or warm them up in the oven. finished. , finished.
spend time with your loved ones. meet new people. get a pet. perform random acts of kindness to make others happy.
choose the right form of chlorine for your needs. consider adding cyanuric acid to your chlorine. use a floating chlorine feeder or automatic chemical feeder. make sure your pool has a ph of 7.2 to 7.5. apply chlorine to the surface of the pool. add chlorine to your pool water. test the chlorine level daily. test your pool's ph regularly. clean your pool at least once a week.
exercise regularly. blow off some steam. schedule relaxing activities. laugh. sing. get enough sleep. eat a healthy diet. avoid caffeine and alcohol. limit your exposure to stress-inducing substances. take care of your mental health. practice relaxation techniques. practice deep breathing. practice mindfulness. practice progressive muscle relaxation. take a stress management class.
find a keeses bat. get close to the bat. equip your sword. attack them down.
choose a space that will fit your doll and her furniture. consider converting a bookshelf into a dollhouse. use a wardrobe to turn a shelf or wardrobe into a house. use cubbies to create multiple rooms. use boxes or crates to make a doll house. turn a wide shelf or closet into a room. make a room out of wood, plywood, cardboard, or foam-core. measure the height and depth of the walls. decide what types of floors and floors you want. paint the walls and floors. add furniture to the house. add walls and doors to the rooms. add windows and doors. decorate the house with pictures and pictures. add a bedside table.
use a soft, clean towel to wipe down the board. clean the board every few days with a mild cleaner and a towel. use an eraser to remove stubborn marks. use a mild soap and water-based cleaner made for whiteboards. dry the board completely after cleaning. wipe the board dry with a soft cloth after cleaning it. use wd-40 as a last resort if you run out of cleaner.
add a little extra sparkle to your hair with mica-infused shimmer spray. accentuate your hair color with a gold or silver mica spray. reduce static electricity with sea salt spray.
attach the 3in. insert the 12in. attach the 2.5in. connect the 3 in. place the 2 in.5 in. position the 6 in. attach a 12 in. piece to each end of the t-connectors. , insert the 6in. place a 12in (or whatever your preference is) v-shaped piece in the slot between the two in. connect all the remaining 24in. pieces. assemble the bike rack. paint it.
choose the right grit number for your project piece. start with the lowest grit number (50 or 60) and work your way up to a higher number (100 or 120). try it out.
download a linux live medium. install the live medium on your computer. download a windows wallpaper. download the windows wallpaper you want to use. download and install the application launcher. , download a wallpaper and a desktop editor. open the applications folder. right-click on the desktop and select "desktop settings". find the windows desktop wallpaper you downloaded. change the launcher settings. you're done!, congratulations!
do not approach the cat if it is upset. protect yourself and the cat. talk to your cat to calm it down. move the cat to a quiet, isolated area if necessary.
cut the deck in half. tap the two halves together. spin the bottom half of the deck around the top half. throw the deck down. slap the cards together.
don’t make new rules after a divorce. be flexible. be consistent. follow the rules no matter where you are. be firm, clear, and consistent. avoid criticizing your ex in front of your kids.
don't worry too much about your child's stutter. avoid putting your child in stressful social situations. don't force your child to speak when he or she stutters. talk to your child about their stutter if they want to talk about it. talk with a speech therapist who specializes in stuttering children if your child is struggling with it.
share your family’s history with your grandchildren. play board or card games. send back postcards and souvenirs from your travels. teach your grandkids a new skill.
start with easy. try medium. try hard. go to hard. try expert. try to get to expert. don't try to make it easy.
visualize a line from the back of each ear to the top of your neck. look in the direction of your sideburns. allow for growth.
gather your supplies. punch two holes in the front and back of your diary. thread the ribbon through the hole on the back cover first. tape the ribbon down and bring it over to the front cover. lock your diary with a lock.
know that he is a common. if you kill him, he will run away. if he jumps on you, shoot him in the head and he will fall. , if he's a mudman, kill him immediately. know what a security guard is. look for his armor.
treat the hide with salt to toughen it up. treat the skin further with glycerin and alcohol. coat the skin in borax to preserve it. brush off the excess borx with a brush to remove any excess fat or flesh from the skin.
discuss abstinence with your partner. make it clear to your partner that you are not interested in having sex with him/her. make sure that your relationship is one where abstinence is a part of it.
use the right font size. identify if your warranty is limited. give a title. explain what is covered. tell the consumer what is not covered. state how long the warranty lasts. identify who is covered under the warranty. explain how the warranty is transferable. state what the customer can do to remedy the product. describe how the product can be repaired. provide a deadline for the warranty to expire. explain the penalties for breach of warranty. provide other information about the warranty, if applicable.
look for eczematous cheilitis or lip dermatitis. check for cold sores or canker sores. look for leukoplakia. watch for herpangina, also known as hand-foot-and-mouth disease (herpang).
determine the density of the substance. check with your pharmacist. set up the volume conversion formula. divide the mass by the volume to convert to milliliters. convert to teaspoons. convert from milliliter to teaspoon. understand the conversion.
contact local television stations, newspapers and other print publications. contact local radio stations and ask them to do a story or feature on your corn maze. create a press release and send it to all of the local radio and television stations in your area. advertise the corn maze in local newspapers, magazines and on the internet. offer coupons to local businesses and restaurants. set up a partnership with local schools and community centers to host a field trip for children and their parents. contact large local businesses, such as banks, and ask if they would be interested in sponsoring a corn maze field trip. , use a coupon book to attract more customers to the maze.
do not rely on "tricks" to neutralize tear gas. avoid lotions. don't wear military or police gear. do not bring a weapon to a protest before you go out.
increase your teens feeling of safety and control. don't micromanage them. take deep breaths. drink water. speak only when it's necessary. speak in a calm and relaxing tone. give your teen options. think about problems before they happen.
wash your hands thoroughly with soap and warm water. , cut the chilies in half. cut off the tops of the peppers. place the peppers in a bowl of water. leave the chili in the refrigerator overnight. remove the dried chilies from the refrigerator when you're ready to use them. rinse the chili with water. grind the chili. store the dried chili in an airtight container in a cool, dry place away from direct sunlight. , use caution. finished.
understand the importance of safe riding. familiarize yourself with the motorcycle safety checklist. read up on your motorcycle. obtain a motorcycle license or learner's permit. take the written test. mount your bike. make sure you have someone to supervise you. get comfortable with the bike. learn the controls. learn how to brake. learn to engage the clutch. practice shifting into gear. practice stopping and starting. practice turning your bike on and off. practice changing lanes. practice riding at a safe speed. practice corner-stepping. practice slowing down and stopping. practice using your brakes.
understand what abstracting is. understand the relationship between memory and knowledge. understand what measurement is and is not. understand that abstraction and measurement are not the same thing. understand how memory plays a role in abstracting and measurement. consider how memory and measurement can make us unhappy. consider the spiritual aspect of abstracting.
go to freshman meet-ups and activities before school starts. don't be afraid to introduce yourself to new people. avoid long-distance relationships. ditch your roommate if you don't like him or her. pick out a few people to hang out with who have great social skills. have fun, but don't make a spectacle of yourself. try not to get pregnant or have sex too early in your college career. get involved in your community. make friends with people who are like-minded and open to new experiences.
download and install avs4mac m4v convert plus. , add itunes movies. add web video. set the output path. set video resolution. set time. convert itunes to youtube or facebook. upload the youtube video. share the video. upload to facebook.
make sure that he is interested in you. plan a date. ask him out. don't force him to make a move.
look for a cape skin pack. check the store during minecon. open the change skin menu. scroll through the available skin packs to find one.
rinse the bite with soap and water. apply disinfectant to the wound. wash any other parts of the person’s body that came into contact with the saliva. take the person to the hospital as soon as possible.
put a small amount of money in your wallet. put fake money in there, too. put in a fake id. put your credit card in there. put a fake credit card with your name on it in the front. put other items in the wallet. place the decoy wallet in your back pocket. put the real wallet in a safe place, such as your coat pocket or purse. consider making a decoy of your real wallet as well.
open the hood of your car and locate the battery. clean the top of the battery with a rag and window cleaner. remove the battery port covers. wipe away any remaining dirt from the ports. check the electrolyte level of the batteries. replace the port covers if necessary. check for leaks. add water to the battery, if needed. check water levels again in a few weeks to see if the battery needs to be replaced. if the water levels are still low, add more water. reinstall the battery in the same way as before.
come out to others. plan for the worst case scenario. prepare for potential violence. be prepared for the unexpected. be strong and resolute. anticipate their emotions. give them time to accept it. practice what you want to say beforehand.
open photoshop. create a hamburger sketch. draw the hamburger shape. add the fillings. add color. add shadows to the shapes. save your hamburger as a .jpg file and enjoy your work!
practice positive self-talk. practice proper posture. let go of your insecurities, and have fun.
learn the basic moves. learn the single-leg takedown and the double-legakedown. run the tabletop drill. join a freestyle/greco-roman wrestling club. get the right equipment. train for years to come. start strength training when you’re in elementary school. build up your grip strength. improve your wrist strength. work on your speed. get in shape. get a wrestling scholarship. get an agent. get signed by a local wrestling company. compete in college wrestling tournaments. join the american wrestling circuit. go to the national wrestling championships.
brush your teeth twice a day. floss every day. use mouthwash regularly. avoid sugary foods and drinks. drink plenty of water. see a dentist if you have any problems with your gums or gum disease. finished.
listen to day-to-day english conversations. don't start to talk about topics that are not relevant to your country. ask a friend to be the examiner. practice a lot. if you are not able to speak clearly, don't worry about it, just practice a little bit more. , if you don't know how to speak well, try to practice more.
go to http://www.jewpon.com and sign up for a Jewpon account. log in to your account. enter your user name and password. enter the name and contact information of the person you want to share your contact information with. , enter your physical address. fill out the rest of the form. click on the button at the bottom of the page that says "submit form". , enter the location of your business location. click the "submit" button. enter a business name and description for your business. fill in your social media contact information. review the "contact information" section. click "continue" to finalize the form and confirm that everything is correct.
color the fondant. use a palette knife to create designs. punch out motif shapes using cookie cutter shapes. use other household objects to make interesting designs and patterns. use household items to make designs.
identify your county. locate the nearest dmv office. call the nearest office by phone. visit the office. complete a duplicate title request and receipt form. fill out a copy of the form online. set aside important documents the night before. bring the necessary documents with you to the dvv. pay the required fee to change your vehicle title and registration.
realize that you are responsible for your grade. put the situation into perspective. talk to someone you trust. do something to relax. do not let bad grades define you. take a few minutes to close your eyes and breathe deeply. use short relaxation techniques. avoid drinking and/or drugs until you have calmed down. stay away from alcohol.
preheat the grill. prepare the shrimp. thread the shrimp onto skewers. season the shrimp with oil and season it. grill the shrimp on both sides.
stand with your feet shoulder-width apart. bend your right knee and lift your right foot. hold for 30 to 60 seconds. repeat with the left leg and repeat.
do not apply makeup to the black eye while it is still swollen. use a liquid corrective concealer. apply a yellow or green concealer to your black eye. blend the concealer into your skin. conceal the eye with a normal concealer, if desired.
open snipping tool. select the screen you want to capture. click the "snipping tool" button. capture the screen. save the screenshot. finished.
mix the baking soda and water. wet your hair and apply the mixture to your scalp. let the mixture sit for a few minutes and rinse out with cool water. finished.
prepare for an audition. prepare for the audition. go to the audition and do your best. if you get called back, congratulations!, if you don't get cast, don't worry, there's always another play or musical.
teach the basics of letters. teach phonics. teach word formation. teach sentence structure. teach proper grammar. teach present tense and past tense. teach how to read and write.
apply talcum powder to the mat. pull the mat apart with your fingers. comb the mat with a wide-toothed comb.
preheat your oven to 400 degrees fahrenheit (204 degrees celsius). soak the quinoa. combine all of the ingredients in a saucepan. bring the mixture to a boil. pour the mixture into storage containers. serve the bowls. finished.
look for signs that she's losing control. pay attention to how she acts around other people. notice if she has a history of making enemies. consider whether she's been secretive or shifty. notice how confident she is. see if she's always trying to be in contact with you. ask yourself if you feel pressured to spend time with her. ask her to be honest. notice whether she talks about her exes. notice her reaction to your feelings about past breakups. consider how she reacts when you tell her you're leaving. watch out for signs of manipulation. don't take it personally if she abuses you.
attach the hinges to the fence post. screw the hinges onto the fence posts. adjust the hinge placement, if necessary. test the gate to make sure it is secure and stable.
look for symptoms of high urobilinogen levels. see a doctor. get a urine test from your doctor.
wait until the last frost of the season has passed. plant the seeds indoors in late spring or early summer. sow the seeds in well-drained soil. add soil to the soil. water the seeds once the seeds have germin.
go to http://www.microsoft.com/downloads/desktop/microsoft-office/word. click on download now button to download the software. , install the software on your computer. wait for the software to install in your system. use microsoft word.
gather your lego pieces. attach the axle pieces to the base piece. build the front end of the car. attach a thin 4x12 plate to the back end of your car. build a windshield for the car’s front end. add a steering wheel to the front of the vehicle. attach another 2x4 brick and 1 1x2 brick to the rear of the body. add two more axle pieces. place the car on the ground. test the car out.
understand what male menopause is. know what to expect. know the symptoms. know when to see your doctor. visit your doctor for a physical exam. ask your doctor to run a blood test to test your hormone level. , have a prostate test done to test for low testosterone levels. , get a prostate biopsy to check for low levels of testosterone in your blood. , take a testosterone replacement. , consider lifestyle changes. , make lifestyle changes that will help you to cope with the effects of low testosterone. , talk to your doctor about how to deal with the symptoms of maleMenopause.
make pine cones. make pine cone scented air fresheners. make a pine cone holder. make neon pine cone dash. make peanut butter pine cone decorations. make bird feeders. put pine cones on the top of your christmas tree for the winter solstice. put them on the table for christmas dinner. use pine cones to decorate the inside of your house. , make pine cones from pine cones that are already in the ground. finished.
send a letter to the creditor. talk to an attorney. gather evidence of the creditor's contact. draft a motion for sanctions. file your motion with the bankruptcy court. have the creditor served. wait for a response. participate in discovery. appear on your hearing date. present your case to the judge. receive the judge's decision. consider filing an appeal.
socialize your dog as early as possible. look for signs that your dog is already well socialized. introduce your dog to new things slowly. be aware that american bulldogs can be very stubborn and difficult to train. research the laws in your area for owning this breed. be prepared for a lot of training and patience. use voice commands and hand signals to train your dog. reward your dog for good behavior and ignore bad behavior when it occurs. consult a professional if you have any questions or concerns about the process of training your dog or if you are having trouble with it.
take her on a fun outing. pamper her with a spa treatment. cook for her. throw a birthday party.
get a piping bag with a #2 tip and a coupler. fill the bag with the frosting. , place a toothpick in the middle of the bag. , add the food coloring. add a little more frosting if you're using more than one color. pipe the icing onto the top of the cupcake. make the peaks. make a thin line across the surface of your cupcake using the piping bag. if you want to make a swirlier cupcake, you can do it in a different way. finished.
refrain from using treats as a reward. give your child choices. make mealtimes a good experience for your child. avoid distractions.
open spotlight. type "app store" into spotlight. click on the app store icon. search for "macos sierra.", click on "get it now.", sign in with your apple id and password. click "install" to begin the installation. agree to the terms of the license agreement. confirm that you have read the terms. select your hard disk. enter your password. wait for the installation to complete. restart your computer.
find an old mirror. find a sheet of aluminum foil. glue the aluminum foil to the back of the mirror. add a layer of glass. decorate the top of the frame, if desired. finished.
draw your design on scrap paper. shade and color your design. consider the concept of bridges. unify the parts of your design that need bridges. copy your design onto cardstock paper.
create your own space. spend time with your friends. join an after-school activity. lead by example. explore new interests.
wrap the gift with tissue paper. place the gift in a gift bag. stand the gift upright in the bottom of the bag. use tissue paper to hide the gift.
cut the crayon in half lengthwise. , cut off the ends of the ends. glue the ends together. glue on the pen-holder. decorate the pen holder.
prepare the glass. draw a circle on the rim of the glass with a pencil. cut out the snow globe shape from the cardboard. allow the cardboard circle to dry. cut a small piece of clear craft glue or craft glue. glue the craft glue to the inside of the rim. place the cardboard disc on top of the glued snow globe. allow to dry for at least 24 hours. , remove the glue from the glass and insert the cardboard disk into the center of the globe. enjoy your new snow globe and enjoy your winter wonderland!
go to http://www.youtube.com. click on the “games” tab on the top left side of the screen. scroll to the right until you are under the friends tab. select “friends online.” this will bring up a list of all of your friends who are currently online. find the friend you want to send a message to. compose your message. send the message. wait for your friend to respond.
prepare dinner together. consider taking turns making dinner. decide if you want to have breakfast instead of dinner. talk about interesting topics with the children before and after dinner.
open your iphone's settings. scroll down and tap general. tap about. tap cellular. , tap cellular data. review the "cellular data network" option.
start at an early age. provide after-school activities for your child. provide community service hours. be a good role model for your children.
pay attention to your pain levels. look for swelling and bruising. check for deformities on your finger. notice any swelling or bruising. seek medical attention if you are unsure of the severity of your injury. get a physical exam. get imaging tests. consider surgery if necessary. use a splint or splintor. take pain medication. take anti-inflammatory medication. get plenty of rest. take ibuprofen. consider taking anti-inflammatories and steroids.
ask a friend or family member to care for your dog while you’re away. let your sitter stay in your home. ask a professional to take your dog to their house. find a dog boarding facility in your area. use online resources to find a pet sitter while you're away.
give a nature-based charm. use an animal charm. give a human-made charm. choose a religious symbol. use a spell or incant. use the power of suggestion. give the charm to a friend or family member. consider giving the charm as a gift. make the charm a part of your daily routine. finished.
be patient. ask for the child's preferences. teach the child the difference between a request and a request. express your gratitude for your children. allow children to do things their way. learn from your children and from other children. give children their own space. don't try to control a child's thoughts and actions. be patient with yourself. be a good role model. be an example to other parents.
bring breakfast to work by bringing coffee, donuts, or donuts to work. deliver newspapers to people you don't know. bring dinner to someone who's had a rough day. write a letter to someone you know. give a compliment. mow someone's lawn. if you see someone having a hard time at work, or if you know someone who is going through a rough time, give them a gift of something to eat. , if you're at work and someone is having a bad day, offer to write them a letter. , do something nice for someone who needs it. finished.
go for a walk. take a break. talk to yourself. listen to music while you brainstorm or during breaks.
choose a name for your puff. make sure you know what to feed your pygmy puff. give your puff some things to eat. give it a friend. play with it. put your puff in a small box. cover your puff with a small blanket. feed your puff a small amount of food every day and give it water. , read to your puff every night. have fun with your puff!
prepare the cork. drill a hole in the top of each cork with a drill bit. paint the corks. cut a piece of pipe cleaner in half. draw a pattern on the pipe cleaner. add another bead to the pattern to make the snake's head. , add another pattern to the head end. , repeat for the tail end of the snake. tie a rubber band around the head piece to hold it in place. cut the elastic to the desired length. make the eyes. glue a pipe cleaner to the back of one cork half. glue the other cork to the other side of the pipe cleaners. add two more beads to the end of each pipe cleaner for eyes. add the eyes to the snake head. attach the head to the body. add elastic to hold the snake together. cut off the elastic at the other end. paint or varnish the snake to make it last longer. play with your cork snake. finished.
cut your nails straight across. keep your toenails short. protect your toes from injury. wear shoes that don't squeeze your toes too much.
connect your phone to your computer via usb. connect the two devices using a usb cable. select your phone from your computer’s home screen. select the files and folders you want to delete from your phone. turn your phone off. press and hold the power button on your phone until the factory reset option pops out.
understand the benefits of this mask. grind up the oats. pour the oats into a mixing bowl. add the honey. add in the lemon juice. stir in the tea tree essential oil. mix everything together until you get a thick, grainy paste.
start small. eat regular, nutritious meals. eat a balanced diet. get plenty of sleep. work out at least 30 minutes a day every day.
know your phone number. know the other phone numbers you can use to send an e-mail. know how to send a text message to someone else.
understand that there's no right way to discipline a child. take away a child's privileges. make the child work to get things back to the way they were before they misbehave. use time-outs. allow the child to suffer the natural consequences of their bad behavior. consider grounding the child. consider making the child apologize. don't use corporal punishment. consider spanking or spanking as a form of punishment. know the difference between appropriate and inappropriate punishments. know that discipline should always be age-appropriate. know when to use physical punishment. understand that punishment should never be used as a last resort. know what to do if the punishment doesn't work for you.
go to cudasign. log in. upload a file. select a file to sign. open a document. select the location where you need to sign the document. add your signature. select an accepted file. sign your document.
make a list of housing options. create a budget. decide if you want to live on campus or off campus. consider the pros and cons of each option. consider roommates.
if you're riding kingda ka, make sure you're wearing your seatbelts. stay calm. don't think about getting out of line if you have an upset stomach. enjoy the ride, and don't be afraid to ask a friend to get off.
choose the ingredients that you would like to include in your dump recipe. decide on the size of the cooker you will use. search the internet for dump recipes. decide how long you want the recipe to take to cook. once you have decided on how much time you want to spend on the recipe, put it in the cooker and let it cook. after the recipe is done cooking, take out the lid and store it in a cool, dry place. finished.
calculate the gross income of the noncustodial parent. subtract all allowable deductions from the person’s monthly income. determine the allowable percentage of child support. multiply the monthly net income amount by the percentage amount to calculate the amount of support. ask the court to consider additional expenses. use an online calculator. gather the necessary information. complete a petition for child support form. file the petition. serve the petition on the other parent. wait for a response. attend a hearing. prepare for the hearing. participate in mediation. receive the court order. file an appeal, if necessary. attend the hearing, if applicable.
press and hold the home button. tap ⋮. tap settings.tap general.tap accessibility.tap voiceover.tap profanity. slide the “use profanity” switch to the on (blue) position.
warm up the car before placing your cat in it. secure the carrier in the car. drive at a moderate speed. slow down to avoid jolting the carrier and your cat. keep the car quiet. do not yell or honk at your cat while driving.
project confidence. dress well. carry around items that make you look smart. read smart books. talk quietly.
open google chrome. go to the chrome settings page. click “settings”. click the “general” tab. scroll down and click reset chrome. click reset to confirm. wait for chrome to reset your full screen.
open google chrome. click the chrome menu button. click ⚙️. click settings. scroll down and click location. click content settings. click location sharing. review your location sharing options. click a location sharing option. click save.
perform a web search for " abandonware" or "games for download". visit one of the sites listed. browse through the available games. click on a game you want to download. read the information about the game. click the "download" button to begin the download. follow the on-screen instructions. unzip the game if you can't find it in your downloads folder.
choose the right person. pick the right time and place. decide where to have the conversation. be honest. be prepared for questions. be ready to answer questions after the initial conversation is over.
choose a formal sign-off for a business letter. choose a casual sign- off for a casual letter. use a friendly closing for casual letters. choose an intimate closing if you're writing to a close friend or family member. end a letter to a lover with a romantic or affectionate closing, like this one.
go to the tinyurl website. click on the "sign up" button. enter your url into the text box. click the "make tinyurl!" button. add the link to your links toolbar. enjoy your abbreviated url.
ddetermine if you have the right to sue in small claims court. determine the amount of money you want to sue for. check the statute of limitations. determine if you are eligible to sue. determine your jurisdiction. consider hiring an attorney. weigh the pros and cons of filing a case. gather information about your case. get the appropriate forms. gather your documents. fill out your forms. file your forms with the clerk of court. serve the other party. wait for the defendant’s response. prepare for your hearing. appear on your court date. present your case to the judge. listen to the defendant's side of the story. receive the judge's decision. file a motion for summary judgment, if necessary. consider filing an appeal. attend the final pretrial hearing. collect your judgment.
decide where to install your equalizer. choose an installation location. purchase rca cables. remove the receiver from the dash. connect the cables to the receiver. mount the equalizer in the vehicle. turn off your ignition and remove your keys. splice the ground wire on the receiver and ground wire in the equaliser. connect your power cable to the appropriate power source. connect an equalizer ground wire to the amplifier. connect a power cable from the receiver to the amp. test the connection.
continue treatment for 3-6 weeks. walk around in barefoot. wear shoes that allow your feet to breathe. use antifungal powder in your shoes. keep your feet dry. change your socks. clean your shower. avoid sharing towels and other items.
sand the maple wood with 220 grit sandpaper until it is as smooth as you want it to be. apply a thin layer of wood filler to the surface of the maple. apply stain to the wood. apply two coats of stain to your maple wood project. apply seal coat to the entire project. sand the entire maple project with 320 grit wood sandpaper. , apply a final seal coat. finished.
choose your animal wisely. choose a cool name for your animal. change your colors. wear clothes that match your animal's color. get the right pet. learn how to talk properly. put on rare items. get as many achievements as you can. make sure that you have a good den. have fun in jamaa as much as possible. finished.
talk to your child. spend time with your child on a regular basis. praise your child when they do well. don’t be a control freak. encourage your child to take responsibility for their own actions by letting them do their own thing.
preheat your oven to 350 degrees fahrenheit (177 degrees celsius). , prepare your zucchini rounds. broil or grill your rounds. place your rounds on a baking sheet. add your toppings. bake your pizza bites for a couple more minutes. sprinkle some italian seasoning and serve your low carb, low carb pizza bites.
throw out a rock on the first play of the game. assume your opponent won’t play the same move twice in a row. use hand gestures to suggest your opponent’s first move when explaining the rules.
determine if your plant is already in a self-draining pot. set up your workbench on a flat surface. find a candle wick or an old shoelace. tie the end of the wick around a pencil. remove the plant from its original pot. place the plant in the new pot. fill the pot with water. place your plant in a new, clean, dry place. place a wick watering system on top of the plant. fill a container or container with water and place it in a place where the plant will not be disturbed when you are gone. water the plant every day for at least 1 to 2 days, until it is full of water before you leave the house.
choose gluten-free flours that are derived from wheat, rye, or triticale. check the ingredient list. look for products labeled as “gluten-free” or “ gluten free”. shop at a specialty vendor.
apply glue to the surface of the wood. , paint the wood with acrylic paint. apply the glue. allow the glue to dry. , apply the paint. let the paint dry. paint over the glue, if desired. finished.
separate the chicks from the mother hen and her chicks when they are fully grown. keep the chicks in safe housing. provide the chicks with a suitable bedding. keep pets away from the quail chicks. provide a heat lamp for the chicks if it is really cold. feed the chicks chick starter once a day. give the chicks water once a week in a shallow bowl with pebbles or sand in it. clean the water bowl every week to keep the water clean and to prevent the quails from getting dirty or dirty.
open the cash drawer. lock your register. open the register. enter the customer's information. close the register and lock the drawer. open your register again. offer to enroll the customer for a rewards account. scan the items. resolve any problems that arise. scan any coupons or select any method of payment. verify that the order has been accepted. void the transaction if necessary. print out the receipt. lock the register once you're done. close and lock your drawer. close your register and close the drawer again. close or lock the registers again. repeat the process for each transaction.
take a day off. make a to-do list. prioritize your assignments. set a study schedule. read up on your subjects. find a quiet place to study. study when you have to leave home. study in the car. avoid distractions when you’re at home. avoid spending time with friends and relatives. study with friends. take a walk outside. reward yourself for your efforts. stay focused on your goals. don’t procrastinate. avoid procrastinating in the future.
look for a hoarse voice. pay attention to a change in your voice quality. notice if you have difficulty speaking. look for a dry cough. check for a sore throat. take your temperature. consider the duration of your symptoms. watch out for breathing difficulty. be aware of laryngitis lumps or nodules in your throat. notice difficulty in swallowing. note how long your symptoms last. consider how your voice sounds. ask your doctor about the causes of your voice. get a diagnosis from your doctor. take antibiotics. get treatment for the underlying condition. consider surgical treatment.
fill the coffee pot with white vinegar. fill a small bowl with hot soapy water. pour the white vinegar into the pot and let it sit overnight. remove the vinegar from the pot the next morning. fill the coffeepot with vinegar again the next day. repeat the previous step until all of the brown stains have been removed. finished.
go to https://www.twitter.com/analytics in a web browser. go to twitter analytics. sign into your twitter account.
put an end to the affair. distract yourself. find a new hobby or activity. consider your relationship with your partner. consider whether your partner is at fault. think about your partner's feelings. talk to your spouse. evaluate your relationship. consider the consequences of your actions. make a plan for the future. take responsibility for your own actions. be honest with yourself and your partner about your intentions. make an effort to be faithful to each other. forgive yourself and move on.
launch microsoft excel. create a new spreadsheet. select the column where you want to add columns. right-click anywhere along the column to insert a new column.
choose an activity you enjoy. take a class at your local gym. try a workout routine you can do indoors. enjoy the weather. try winter sports. set goals. find a workout buddy. challenge your excuses. have a plan b if the gym is closed. follow your routine on the internet. don't let the cold get you down. eat a healthy diet. drink plenty of water. get plenty of rest. stay hydrated. get a good night's sleep.
say "dia duit duit/daoibh". say "cead mile fáilte romhat". finished.
open a new window on your school computer. open up runescape. bookmark a page. wait for a few minutes. start playing. when you get to the end of the session, close the window and log out. , when you're done, log back in and log in with your new runescape account. finished.
ask your parents to set ground rules. talk to your parents about hand-me-downs. hold family meetings.
download an open broadcast software program. install obs. run obs. open the settings menu. click the "video" tab. check the "screen capture settings" box. enable the "start and stop recording" option. assign keys to start and stop your recording. set your video settings. check your audio settings. start playing your game. click and drag the "game capture" button to start recording. press the "stop recording" button when you're finished recording. save your video file in the location you want to find it. finished.
remove debris from your dog’s coat. detangle your dog's fur. clean your dog regularly. bathe your dog every day. trim your pet's nails regularly. brush your pup's teeth regularly.
consider the color of the walls. choose a wood table. have a single, clean centerpiece. don't use a tablecloth or table runner.
eat vegetables that have a low glycemic index. choose whole grains over refined grains. eat plenty of vegetables. choose lean protein. avoid foods with high glycemic indexes.if you have diabetes, it is important to eat foods that are low in glycemiccemic indexes, such as low-fat milk, low-sugar dairy products, and whole grains.
prepare meals for your friend. offer to help with household chores. keep your friend engaged during recovery. make doctor's appointments fun and enjoyable for them.
launch internet explorer. open the tools menu. go to add-ons. select bing. set bing as default. exit the window.
tell the bride-to-be you can’t afford to be a bridesmaid. explain that you’re too busy with work or school. explain you have other priorities. use your husband’s financial situation as an excuse.
go to ebay.com. create an account. search for the item. read the listing. research the product. look at the photos. be aware of shipping and handling costs. check the seller’s feedback and comments. set up a paypal account if you don’t have one. perform a completed listings search. use the “buy it now” option for rarer items. set your maximum bid. monitor your bid. return to the auction if you make an error. pay attention to shipping costs. pay with cash. pay by credit card. pay in cash. use a credit card to pay with. use paypal to pay for shipping. use an online payment method. pay online.
talk to your parents. offer to help out around the house. give your parents something to look forward to. let your parents know that you're happy. don't be afraid to ask for help. talk.
heat 2 tablespoons of olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. add your onion, celery, carrots, and celery to the pan. add the mushrooms. cook the vegetables until they are translucent. heat up your broth. stir in the mushrooms and cook for 3-5 minutes. add butter, herbs, and rice to the skillet and stir. add and cook the rice for 1 minute. add 1 cup of white wine and cook until most of the wine is absorbed. add one cup of broth to the rice mixture. stir the risotto. add more broth and continue stirring. add another cup of rice and continue cooking. season with salt, pepper, and cheese. add cream of mushroom and red wine if desired. add meat and vegetables to your risotto, if desired, and stir to combine. finished.
apply pressure to the gums. cool your baby's mouth. use a teething device. feed your baby hard foods. wipe off drooling. give your baby painkillers. try a teathing gel. be wary of homeopathic remedies. consider amber bracelets. talk to your doctor. see a doctor if the pain does not go away after a few days.
don't take it personally. if he asks you out for a date, it's probably because he's flirting with you. if you don't want to be in a relationship with him, tell him politely that you're not interested in going out with him right now. see how his reaction is. if they continue to ask you out, don't be afraid to tell them that you prefer to just be friends. , if you want to avoid him asking you out in the future, talk to a friend about it. if it doesn't work out, just ignore them and go on with your life. , don't let it get you down to their level. , just remember, you're a beautiful person and you deserve to be happy. finished.
open your iphone’s settings. scroll down and tap general. tap updates. slide the button next to “whatsapp updates” to off.
launch the app store. search for the hp all-in-one printer remote app. download the app. launch hp all in-one remote. scan your documents. add a cloud service. open the files panel. select an image. select a document. choose a cloud storage service. select the file to share. review the file. send the file via email. share the file using the email client. share a copy of the file through the cloud storage. save the file as a document to share it with the hp printer remote.
relax. look your partner in the eyes. keep eye contact. keep it brief. don’t overthink it. remember that it’s okay.
check the condom’s expiration date. know what a female condom is and how it works. look for the ripters. find a comfortable position. squeeze the ring at the closed end of the condom. insert the condom as far as it will go. add some lubricant. guide the penis or sex toy into your vagina or anus with your hand. know when to stop. remove the condom when you’ve reached your cervix. tie the outer ring closed. dispose of the female condom properly. don’t flush the condom in the toilet with your partner.
preheat your oven to 350 °f (177 °c). , mix your cake batter. divide the batter into two bowls. add 1/4 cup of food coloring to one of the bowls. pour the cake batter into your prepared pans. bake the cake according to the directions on the package. finished.
obtain a bachelor's degree in education. complete a period of student teaching. decide if you want to work in a public or private school. meet your state's teacher certification requirements. possess the necessary qualities and skills. gather the necessary documents. study for your certification exam. take the exam. find a job. apply for a position. prepare for your first day. create a lesson plan. create lesson plans. teach your lesson plans to your students.
launch the app store. search for the pasahero app. download the app. launch pasa hero. log in. set up an emergency contact. start a trip. select your mode of transportation. input the plate number. add notes. add photos. post your trip details. start monitoring your trip. end the trip. tap the “panic” button. hold and hold the button until the lights around it are lit up. read the notification. exit panic mode.
do a search for spring hair trends. get a light trim. add spring accessories. try side bangs. go for a face-framing bob. try layers for a lighter look. consider a crew cut or a pixie cut if you want to go short for the spring.
realize that owning a reptile takes a lot of time and effort. think about what type of reptile you want. choose the right reptile for you. don't buy a green iguana if you're a first-timer. buy everything you'll need. set up your reptile's enclosure. buy more than one reptile if you need to.
make sure you have a good computer. get a good weapon. know your weapons. know the range, damage and accuracy of each weapon. learn the basic shooting tactics. learn how to aim. learn to snipe. use vehicles to your advantage. camp. start at a easy difficulty. try playing online. know where to fight. know what gun to use. know how to reload. look around. listen to your surroundings. be very careful when you are shooting. if you are a sniper, stay in a safe place.
pour the milk into a saucepan and heat it over medium-high heat. add the chocolate. stir the mixture until the chocolate melts. stir in the vanilla extract and vanilla extract, if desired. pour in the milk. garnish the white hot chocolate with whipped cream or mini marshmallows, if you'd like.
choose a tax professional. gather all of the information that you will need to complete your taxes. provide the tax professional with all of your tax information. sign and date your tax returns. file your taxes with the irs. wait for your refund from the government.
ask yourself why you are thinking about her exes. look for patterns or patterns in past conversations. consider what you are feeling. talk to your girlfriend about your feelings. consider how the past is making you feel.
choose a copy machine. place the original on the copy glass. zoom in on the original. select the contrast option. adjust the contrast. adjust color and lightness. enter the number of copies you want to make. adjust your copy settings. enter your copy quantity. start copying. troubleshoot.
search on social media. use an online search engine. call someone who knows your friend. contact your friend's old school or college. search public records and databases. go to class reunions. consider hiring a private investigator or veteran's service. don't forget your husband's last name. write an old friend a letter. contact a mutual acquaintance. use the internet. contact the police. use a friend's last known address. try to find your friend through a family member.
learn the notes above d. learn the semitones. practice your vibrato technique. practice the notes bb and c#'. learn the notes a b a b b a c b a a b c#' d' b a. , learn the sliding notes. learn slide notes. finished.
choose the right cabbage. cut the cabbage from top to bottom. remove the stem and core. slice the cabbage in half lengthwise. peel off the core. use as desired.
capture pichu in a friend ball. walk around in game. get a haircut from the haircut brothers. get pachu a haircut. have daisy oak groom it. give it vitamins. level it up. defeat gym leaders and elite four members. don't let it faint during battle. avoid giving it any healing items if it's low on health. bring it to goldenrod city. talk to the friendship checker. level pichU up to 220 or higher friendship.
think about what features you want in a boyfriend. think about what classes you want your boyfriend to be. think of what personality you want. if you are looking for the perfect guy, think about how much you want to spend your time with and how much of your attention you are willing to put into a certain personality. do not compare the pros and cons of each person you are interested in. if all else fails, give up!, if you do not find your perfect guy in the beginning, do not try to compare them to the ones you did not find in the first few months of your relationship.
ask your wife how she’s doing at the end of the day. engage in the conversation. say “i appreciate you” to her. compliment her on a daily basis.
open the whatsapp app. tap chats. tap ⋮. tap settings. tap account. tap privacy. tap status. tap edit. tap last seen. tap the "timeline" box. tap ok.
make a habit of cleaning up as you make a mess. clean up messes as soon as you notice them. use a lemon to clean up a mess in the microwave. set a timer for thirty minutes and stick to it.
ggather your ingredients. choose your dried flowers. pour the dried flowers into a bowl. add 3/4 of a cup of dried coffee grounds to the flowers. add a few drops of vanilla or mocha body spray. pour in the rest of the coffee grounds. place the bowl in the refrigerator. remove the potpourri bowl.
consider a hairpiece. ask your doctor about medication. look into hair replacement therapy. consider hair transplants.
write down what it means to you. make a list of people you want to thank. read other acceptance speeches. write an introduction. thank the people who helped you get the award. end on a positive note. read your speech out loud. rehearse your speech in front of a mirror. practice your speech with someone else. set up a recording device. dress appropriately for the event. arrive at the venue early. introduce yourself. introduce the organization and the award you’re receiving. thank your audience. thank everyone in the audience. conclude with a closing statement. practice the speech again.
think about why you want to ask her out. get to know her. be yourself. become friends with her. don't be afraid of being yourself. make sure that you have a good relationship with her before you ask her. ask her in person. call her up. tell her how you feel about her. if she says no, don't panic.
have students stand in place of words. have the students fill in parts of speech at their desk. make cards out of nouns and verbs. keep it fun.
use paypal or credit card to buy on ebay. make sure you have paid for the items that you want to buy with the correct method of payment.
open the steam app on your computer. sign in with your steam account. click the menu button (☰) and select "settings.", click the "accounts" tab. click "add funds.", click "redeem a code". enter the code you want to redeem. enter your address if prompted. confirm the amount of funds to be added. use your steam wallet to pay with your wallet balance.
sell tickets to concerts and sporting events. resell your old textbooks. sell old electronics. sell your old clothes to a thrift store or shop.
make your makeup. make a tulle scarf. make your hair into a bun. wear a pink dress and a pink wig. , add a pink lip gloss to your lips.
fill a shot glass with ice cubes. pour your juice spritzer into the glass. add a splash of club soda or seltzer water. stir the ingredients together. pour the drink into each glass. allow the drink to sit in the glass for a few minutes before drinking it.
spend time with your friend. be dependable. set boundaries for yourself and your friendship.
install the clutch spring. install the magazine catch spring and spring. insert the bolt catch roll pin into the bolt release hole. place the spring in the detent hole. insert and install the pivot pin. install a trigger guard. insert a trigger pin. insert hammer and hammer spring assembly. install safety selector. install rear safety pin. thread the rifle/carbine buffer tube into the receiver. thread in the rear takedown pin. cock the hammer. test the trigger. assemble the lower receiver. fire the upper receiver.
identify nests. spot-treat infested areas. spray the area with an insecticide. mow the lawn. use ant bait. flood the nest with soapy water. sprinkle boric acid around the nest. clog the hole of the anthill with a natural remedy. cut the ants with de. cut off the outer layer of the ants' wings. use a commercial ant repellent. apply a liquid insecticide to the ants. spray a liquid anticide over the ants’ food sources. spray insecticides indoors.
know the difference between a cold and a viral infection. visit your doctor. get a throat swab. have a blood sample taken. get an allergy panel done to check for allergies.
remove the button from the garment. , lay the garment on a flat surface. place a comb over the buttoned area. press the comb firmly against the button. cut the thread above the button with a razor or scissors. remove the button and thread.
buy or borrow some black lights. try glow sticks. make your own glow-in-the-dark decorations. use fluorescent paper and markers. buy or borrow standard christmas or holiday lights. get some plastic accessories. consider glow paint or body paint. pick out some good music. stock up on food and drink. get glow stick platters and plates. set up a dance floor. play some music. play a variety of games. get your guests to dance. have a scavenger hunt. play games. make glow party favors for your guests.
use cortisone cream to reduce redness. use lightening creams. do not pick, pop, or squeeze ingrown hair scars. avoid too much sun.
make sure the games you want to play support lan. gather your supplies. determine how many computers you'll need. buy a 5-port network switch. buy an ethernet switch. plug the switch into your router. connect the switch to the router. turn off any firewall programs on the computers. create a shared folder for your lan. install dlan. start a lan party. set up the lan party in your lan party room. invite your guests to join the lan. connect your computers to the network. start playing. make sure all computers are connected to the same network. check your network connection. start up a lan server. start the lan game. start off with a quick game. keep playing until you run out of games. end the lan when you're done.
go to devhub.com. click on the "create a new site" button at the top of the page. , choose the type of website you want to create. start building your small business site.
ask the payday loan company for detailed information. read the fine print of the loan agreement carefully. fill out the application. work with the payday lender to set up a payment plan. provide collateral, if asked. pay back the loan in cash or in cash only, depending on the company’s policy.
choose a cool name for your character. make sure your character has a theme. dress in a cool way. use appropriate chat. don't be a troll. be kind to your fellow players, especially the newbies.
get rid of all the bad clothes in your closet. get a makeover. go to the mall. get some new clothes. buy a cute bag and jewelry. go shopping!, get a cute backpack. wear eyeliner. be yourself. be nice. be friendly. be social. don't try to be popular. be mysterious. be a little bit of a rebel, but not so much so that you don't get caught up in the gossip. be confident. have a sense of humor. have fun!
make your sim parents ignore their child. make your sim child miss school. send him/her.
communicate with the writer. be honest with your client. understand the goal of the article or story. give the writer time to explain their goals to you. give yourself time to edit your own work.
achieve a level 61 in herblore. collect the ingredients. mix a clean avantoe with a vial of water. use the snape grass on the vial.
purchase muffler hangers at a local auto parts store. remove the muffler from the car. unscrew the hanger from the exhaust mount, and remove the rubber hanger. cut the hangers into 1-inch (2.5 cm) long pieces. hang the hanging from the top exhaust mount. hook the muffer hanger to the top of the exhaust. attach the handle to the muffle hanger with a wrench. attach a wrench to the bottom of the mufflers hanger, and hook it to the exhaust mounts.
determine your company’s goals. talk to your professional network. ask for input from your marketing staff. search for marketing consultants in your area or on the internet.
choose a cutting board. keep the cutting board in place. choose the right knife for the job. sharpen your knife blade every day.
identify your reasons for wanting a cat. be realistic about the pros and cons of owning a pet. make a plan for how you will care for the cat. think about your significant other’s perspective on cats. consider how the cat will fit into your family. decide where you will get the cat, and what type of cat you want. talk to your man about getting a cat, but be honest. explain why you want a cat and the benefits of having one. ask your man how he feels about cats. ask him if he’d be comfortable with a cat in your household. discuss the benefits and drawbacks of having a cat with your man.
prepare the ingredients. soak the almonds and cashews. prepare the zucchini. add all of the ingredients to the blender. blend the ingredients together. pour the dip into a serving bowl. garnish with parsley leaves, olive oil and nuts and serve.
rinse your tongue with cold water. suck on an ice cube. rinse with warm salt water. avoid foods and beverages that may aggravate your tongue. stay hydrated. see your doctor. undergo tests to determine the cause of your tongue pain. take medication to relieve the pain and discomfort. use lozenges or throat sprays. brush your teeth. use mouthwash and mouthwash.
treat others with kindness and love. be mysterious. use your body language to your advantage. be punctual in your movements. maintain good posture. love yourself. maintain your appearance.
buy fresh mint leaves. clean the leaves. grind the leaves into a paste. mix the mint leaves with other ingredients. apply the mask to your face. rinse off the mask. store the mask in the refrigerator. re-apply the mask as needed. cleanse your skin regularly. keep your skin clean and moisturized. avoid over-exfoliating your skin. take care of your skin at night. finished.
gather your wood. gather your supplies. learn how to use the following machinery. measure and cut the wood to the desired length. cut the boards to length.
preheat the oven to 400 degrees f (204.4 c). combine the flaxseed and water. combine the dry ingredients. mix the wet ingredients together. add the onion and coconut milk. pour the dry mixture over the wet mixture and chill the batter. turn the oven on and prepare a baking sheet. make the glaze. roll the batter into balls. bake the hush puppies for 8-10 minutes. let the hUSH puppies cool before serving them.
download the instagram app. open instagram. sign up for an account. sign in. launch instagram on your phone. tap the "story" button. allow instagram to use your microphone and camera. take a photo or video. draw on your media. add a caption. add filters. save your photo. post your photo to your story. add more photos and videos. open your story's story page. view your story viewers. tap on the "options" button on the top-right corner of your screen. tap "hide story from" or "allow story from". follow other users' stories. view past stories. share your story with your followers. post more photos.
draw the outline of the body. draw the legs. add the front legs and hind legs. sketch the back legs. , add the tail. , draw the details of the ears. add details to the face. add detail to the legs and feet. outline the drawing with black ink. , erase unnecessary lines. , color the drawing.
choose your fabrics. cut the fabric to the right size. iron the fabric. lay out the fabric layers. roll the top layer of fabric toward the pinned edge. fold the medium piece of fabric over the roll. sew along the edge. turn the roll inside out. hem the opening. sew the remaining raw edges of the pillow.
be clear on what you want. consider the consequences. trust your gut. don’t be surprised. choose a good time to talk. expect to feel uncomfortable. expect your spouse to have an emotional response. avoid talking about the past. focus on the future. avoid blaming your spouse. ask yourself if you’re ready for the discussion. listen to your spouse’s side of the story. ask for a divorce, if necessary.
experiment with different instruments. check out the instruments in your school band. consider your strengths and weaknesses when choosing an instrument for your age.
open outlook. click the tools button. select "account settings" from the drop-down menu. click "email" in the small box. click on "more settings" to open another window. check the right settings for outgoing mail. exit the account settings window by clicking "finish" or "close.", restart outlook and try to send an email if you get the message "my outgoing server (smtp)."
do not feel pressured into saying yes. turn the pitch around on the salesperson. ask questions about the investment. seek outside sources of information. ask to be removed from solicitation lists.
review your cell phone contract. use an international calling card if you're calling from a cell phone. check the time difference.
tie the thread into a knot. align the layers of fabric. draw a half stitch through the top layer. pierce through the bottom layer. draw the needle up through both layers. make a second half stitch. poke up through the fabric. make another stitch. repeat the process. make your final stitch. bring the needle through the second layer. twist the knot. trim the fabric back.
make a citrus-based adhesive remover. apply the cleaner to the blades. wipe down the blades with a cotton ball.
determine when the autograph was produced. find out the autographed’s provenance. check the paper or ink. get an autograph authenticated. compare the signature to another signature.
scout your house for ants. block off the ants' route of ingress. use soap and water to kill the ants. spray the ants with soap.
choose your upgrades. choose a starting country. evolve some starting upgrades. evolve a few starting country-specific upgrades. prioritize certain upgrades at the beginning. evolve transmission methods. evolve symptoms that slow down the cure. evolve harder-to-kill symptoms. evolve more spread-inducing symptoms. increase the infectivity of your virus. decrease the cure progress. evolve the mutation ability. devolve lethal symptoms as they appear. evolve genetic reshuffle. evolve every lethal symptom when all countries are infected.
understand why sarcasm is used. reply quickly. decide what you want to do with the sarcasm. know how to respond. respond to the sarcastic person's sarcasm with the proper response.
learn how to ride a wave. get in the water and start paddling toward shore. keep one arm out in front and one behind you. ride the wave. escape the wave as quickly as possible.
heat the butter in a large skillet. combine the flour, salt, pepper, and pepper in a plastic bag. dredge the steak in the flour and seasonings. brown the steak on both sides. add the steak to the slow cooker. stir in the remaining sauce ingredients and bring to a boil. cook the steak until done. serve the steak with the sauce. finished.
prepare the chicken. fry the bacon. add the chicken to the pan with the bacon and 1 tablespoon of the remaining chicken fat. heat up the remaining fat in a pan and add the stock and red wine. remove the chicken from the pan and drain the fat. place the chicken back in the pan. cook the mushrooms in a large pan over medium heat. add some of the rest of the chicken and bacon fat to the mushrooms. mix the flour and salt together in a small bowl. pour the sauce over the chicken, and add a little more flour if desired. serve the chicken with a side dish of your choice. finished.
open google chrome. tap ☰. tap ⋮. tap settings. tap privacy. tap history. tap a history item to view its history.
remove the old bottom stop. remove the tack from the bottom of the zipper. replace the tack with a new one. attach the new zipper stop. re-tack the bottom portion.
understand the difference between labels and bundles. open the google inbox menu (☰). select the label that you want to add rules to. select the rules for the label. click "add rule" to add the rules to your label. check the "all" box to add any emails you receive to that label. find all of your labels. click the "bundle" button. expand the bundle to see all of the messages in the bundle. set when the bundle appears in your inbox. turn notifications on or off for each bundle. press the "move to" button to move new messages to the next label. select "create label" to create a new bundle. mark messages in a bundle as "done" to keep them in one place. set a reminder to mark each bundle as done when a new message arrives.
determine which foods make good leftovers. consider the recipe. use your produce immediately. reuse scraps.
take your cat to the vet. allow your vet to take a blood sample. share information with your vet. follow your vet’s suggestions for treatment.
use your camera’s timer. use a tripod. make sure everyone is in the frame. tell everyone when the picture is about to be taken.
trace flower shapes onto a sheet of cardstock. cut the shapes out using a pair of cookie cutters. hot glue a florist stick to the center of each flower. cut some chocolate into small squares and glue them to the back of the flower. glue some leaves to the stems of the flowers. fill a vase with floral foam. arrange the flowers in the vase, then press them down into the foam. consider adding some more flowers if desired.
mix a small amount of castile soap with distilled water. dip a lint-free cloth into the soap. wipe the leather with the cloth. rub the leather to remove dirt and debris. rinse the leather thoroughly with clean water. let the leather air dry. apply leather conditioner to the surface of the leather item.
learn the history of classical music. learn about the gregorian chants. study the baroque era. learn the classical period. learn what the Romantic era was like. study what the modern era was. identify a piece of music from each of the different time periods.
first, you need to come up with a plot for your book. next, you will need to create a setting. after you have your setting and character, it is time to write your plot. now that you have a solid character and setting, you can move on to the plot. once you have written your first paragraph, start writing in first person. after that, you should have a general idea of what you want to write about.
preheat the oven to 350ºf/180ºc. , pour the water into a saucepan. add the cornstarch to the water. mix the flour, baking powder, salt, and baking powder together in a large bowl. pour the flour mixture into a large mixing bowl. divide the batter into four cups. bake the cakes for 20-25 minutes. allow to cool. serve.
open your iphone's settings. tap general. tap spotlight search. , slide the button next to "search history" to the "off" position. tap clear history. , tap clear.
understand what dementia is. know what to expect from a person with dementia. understand that people with dementia are people, too. keep them busy. know that everyone with dementia has different needs and abilities. be aware that dementia is a serious illness and that there is no cure for it. , know that you are not alone. buy dementia products and dementia aids. make your home as dementia friendly as possible. keep up to date with the latest developments in dementia.
enroll in a climatology-related major. look for internships. apply for a fellowship. consider getting a master's or ph.d. degree.
download gba4ios 2.0. go to http://www.emu4ios.net/ and click on the "download" button on the top right corner of the screen. search for "mr. driller" in the search box. select "mrs.driller" from the list of search results. choose the stage you want to play. start the game. drill the blocks. collect air capsules. get crushed by the "x" blocks. look out for "x blocks". look for the "y" block at the bottom of the map. repeat the process until finished.
back up all of your important data. download your laptop's drivers. find your windows product key. create a windows installation disc or recovery disc. boot your computer. open the boot menu. click the "hard drive" option. select the partition that you want to format. click "format" to format the partition. select "unocated" and then "combine" to combine the two partitions. format the rest of the partition (if necessary). click "ok" to save your changes. insert the windows installation dvd or usb drive. reboot your laptop. start the installation process. follow the prompts to install the windows installer. start using your new windows installation. run the installer. restart your computer when prompted.
open google chrome. add the bitmoji browser extension. click get it on chrome. sign in with facebook (if necessary). click the bitoji icon. click the avatar icon. select bitstrips style. click hair length. click done.
click the start menu and select control panel. , click the hotfix tab. remove the update.
decide what kind of pokémon you want on your nintendo ds. don't use stickers that are permanent. if you have a broken console, fix it.
preheat the oven and prepare the baking sheet. soak the potatoes in cold water. drain and rinse the potatoes. dry the potatoes completely. combine the potatoes with the onions and peppers. stir in the cornstarch, salt, pepper, and onion powder. form the patties with a biscuit cutter. repeat the process until you’ve used up all of the potato mixture. bake the hash browns for 20 minutes. flip and cook for another 15 minutes. serve warm.
recognize when it's time to leave. leave when you're ready. watch for signals that you're leaving. keep it light and lighthearted. make plans to meet up later. just say "i'm going, see you later."
gather the ingredients. mix the ingredients together in a small bowl. stir the mixture until well combined. finished.
decide who you want to invite to the party. make a list of people to invite. plan a date and a place to hold the event. decide who will be there. decorate the room. play classical music. get some vampire food. choose decorations. set the mood. when the guests arrive, introduce the characters. play games and activities that are appropriate for halloween. have a costume contest, where you can make up games based on the theme of the party, and have your friends try to guess what the characters are going to do. play a game of truth or dare with your friends.
use emerald green eyeliner. go for purple or blue eyeliners. try gold or bronze eyeliner and eyeshadow. use white eyeliner on your eyes. wear mascara.
understand the difference between confidence and self-esteem. recognize that low confidence is a natural part of life. think about times when you were at your best. think back to your childhood and your earliest experiences.
don't rely on one test alone. be wary of fire. don't buy pearls on their name. beware of deals that seem too good to be true. finished.
be polite and courteous. make the officer feel safe. don’t admit to anything if you are pulled over. fight the ticket in court. ask for a leniency.
learn about the car wash industry. research the competition in your area. write a business plan. secure financing. find a location for your car wash. choose a name for your business. obtain a business license. obtain an employer identification number (ein). obtain necessary licenses and permits. purchase the necessary equipment and supplies. advertise.
determine whether your legal fees are personal or business-related. use the origin and character test. determine whether the expense is a business legal expense. allocate the appropriate percentage of the expense to business expenses if the fee is both a personal and business expense. consider other factors to help you determine how much you can deduct. deduct legal expenses related to producing or collecting taxable income. determine if your fees are part of a contingent or non-contingent legal fee agreement. talk to a tax specialist.
lay a tarp over landscaping features. close all of the windows. cover any electrical components. remove any debris from the side of the house. trim any trees around your house. follow the general cleaning and maintenance guidelines for your siding. clean a small area of siding with your cleaning solution. gather your cleaning supplies. use an outdoor cleaning wand. wear the appropriate safety gear. choose a cleaning solution for your specific cleaning goal. mix the cleaning solution in a five-gallon bucket. fill the bucket with cleaning solution and add water. use a garden hose to rinse the siding and clean it. rinse the area with water and a wash cloth. dry the area thoroughly with a towel. apply a sealant to the area. allow the side to air dry for 24 hours. finished.
choose the right salt. choose the right water. use deionized or distilled water. determine how much salt you need to put in your water. choose a container to measure out your salt. add the salt to the water. stir the mixture up. consider the temperature of the water you are using. avoid solutes. avoid water with impurities in the salt.
try new things. dance with your friends. hang out with people who make you happy. laugh more. go on an adventure.
beat the egg yolks. bring the beaten egg yolk to room temperature. add some hot sauce to the beaten yolk. use a thermometer to measure the temperature of the yolk mixture. avoid letting the sauce get too high.
seek medical treatment. preserve evidence of your injury. hold onto medical records. document your medical bills. keep track of wages lost. document pain and suffering. identify the defendants. consider hiring a lawyer. draft a complaint. format your complaint. add a header. add the defendants’ names and contact information. identify your damages. request relief. file the complaint. serve notice of the lawsuit on the defendant. read the defendant’s answer. participate in discovery. defend against a motion for summary judgment. prepare for trial. make an opening statement. present your case. cross-examine witnesses. testify on your own behalf. await the verdict. appeal, if necessary.
remove the body of the gun. open the gearbox. remove the gears and pistons. screw in the trigger board. place the main module. plug in the wiring harness. put the battery back in. screw the hpa unit back in place. plug the trigger into the main hpa module. screw back the other half of the gear box. screw everything back together. close the gun, and you are done!
decide if you want to close your account. visit your bank in person. set up a new checking account. dispose of your old checks and debit cards properly. switch over any automatic payments. receive your final check from your bank.
discuss hypnotherapy with your doctor. find a licensed professional. search for a hypnotherapist. contact friends and family. contact a professional organization. be open to the idea. get into a relaxed state of relaxation. use imagery. open your mind. discuss your goals with the therapist. do not smoke while under hypnosis. avoid certain behaviors during treatment. follow the therapist’s instructions.
be patient. be consistent. give your dog plenty of exercise. channel your dog’s instincts into controlled activities. boost your dog's confidence.
wash your clothes in hot water. , let it air dry. hang it up to dry. finished.
use cosmetic mouthwash to cover bad smells. choose a therapeutic mouthwash. look for an antibacterial or antiseptic product. consider a mouthwash with fluoride. use a prescription mouthwash if you have a medical condition. try a homemade mouthwash recipe.
notice when you are emotionally hungry. recognize the difference between emotional eating and binge eating. identify possible causes of emotional eating. keep a food diary. talk to your family and friends about your eating habits. avoid eating in front of others. limit your intake of unhealthy foods. eat a healthy diet. exercise regularly. eat foods that are high in fiber and protein. avoid foods high in fat and sugar. limit the amount of alcohol you consume.
come up with a name for your game. come up with the rules. plan the game. think of a good playing field. make a good variety of characters. make cards that can make the game more interesting. make the cards. decide on a time period. create the templates for your cards. draw out your cards in photoshop.
choose your paper. find a picture of a skeleton. create the skeleton parts. make the arms. draw the hand and arm bones. cut out the legs. cut the ribs and pelvis. draw a skull. punch holes to connect the parts. attach the parts to each other. assemble the skeleton.
decide what size blanket you want to make. choose your yarn. decide on a yarn weight. choose a crochet hook size.
avoid foods that are high in sugar or high fructose corn syrup. add a small amount of brown sugar to foods that contain a lot of sugar. eat fruit on its own if you don’t like the taste of sugar in the food. choose to eat low-calorie, nutrient-packed foods instead of foods that have a high calorie density. avoid eating too much diet soda or sugary foods.
don't make fun of geeks. don't talk down to geeks or nerds. geeks and nerds are very intelligent people. never call a geeks a nerd. never, ever, ever call a geek an outcast. never talk to a geek who is in the middle of a project. never nag a geek to do something they don't want to do. date geeks if you want to. never take rejection personally. remember that geeks are people, too.
cut a piece of paper to the size of a playing card. stand in a circle around the circle. have the person with the card suck on the card. pass the card to the person next to you. rotate the card as needed.
see your doctor if the cough lasts more than 3–4 weeks. see an ear, nose, and throat (ent) specialist. get a chest x-ray. get tested for whooping cough. get imaging tests. get medical care for severe symptoms.
understand what "random" means. change the way you say the word "random.", use random words in your speech. use random colors. don't use "wandom" words. speak in the third person. substitute random words for "i" and "we" with random words. laugh.
purchase a ten gallon tank for your toad. cover the floor of the terrarium with substrate. provide hiding places. fill the tank with dechlorinated water. keep the tank at a temperature of 65°f to 82°f (18°c to 27°c). give your toads plenty of light. mist the tank daily. do not take your to ad out of his natural habitat. feed yourtoad the standard toad fare. provide the toad with the proper nutrients. clean the tank once a week. maintain the tank’s temperature and humidity. clean out the tank every two to three weeks. finished.
open the starbucks app. tap ☰. tap join rewards. fill out the sign-up form. select an account type. enter your email address and password. select a rewards option. enter a card number. tap next. read and accept the terms of use. tap create account. tap sign up. tap continue. tap save. tap add money. tap Reload. tap the "add amount" field. type in the amount you'd like to add. tap ok. scroll down and tap add a payment method. select add card. enter in your card details. tap done. tap reload. tap finish. tap your card's name. tap pay with phone or pay with pin. tap an option on the left side of the screen. tap seasonal items. tap a seasonal item. tap on a drink. tap buy. tap drink now.
fill a test jar with water. store the test jar next to your brewing station. measure the reference sample. take a reading of your brew sample. subtract the brew sample reading from the reference reading to get an accurate reading. understand what a hydrometer is. check the temperature of your liquid. place thehydrometer in a test container. read the hydrometers.
don’t drink and drive. cooperate with the police officer. decline to answer any questions. pay attention to the details of the stop. participate in any tests administered by the officer. note the type of test administered. decide if you want to refuse the test. write down your notes. consider hiring an attorney. gather information about the traffic stop. ask the officer about his or her training. find out if you can get a lawyer to represent you. draft a complaint. file the complaint. serve a copy of the complaint on the other party. file a motion for summary judgment. attend any pretrial hearings or conferences.
learn the names of the bacteria. learn the word Helicobacter. learn how to say the word pylori. say hee-lee-koh. say bèk-ter. say pai-loh-ree. say helico-bacter. say it correctly. , say it right. use the correct pronunciation. , use the pronunciation correctly.
go to cams 2a (west hall corner) and go to the room where golden freddy is sitting. , press the "enter" button on the bottom right corner of the screen. exit the room.
wrap a piece of paper around your forehead. slim down the headband. cut out the bunny ears. add pipe cleaners to the back of your ears. attach the ears.
read the brochure carefully. look at the map of the disney parks. look for the parade route. check the parade times on the map. look around the area where you are walking to see if there are any signs that the parade will be marching along the area you are currently walking in. watch out for special event ongoing tape (also known as "special event ongoing" (i.e. look out for the possibility of seeing a disney flag on the side of the street.
sdraw the head. draw the cheetah’s head. add in the facial features. sketch the body. draw in the neck and legs. add the back legs. sketch in the front legs and tail. outline the body with black ink. draw a black line for the head and a circle for the eyes. erase the sketch lines and erase the pencil lines. color in the drawing. outline your drawing with permanent media and you’re done! , color it in!
determine the slope of your line. identify the first and second points on the line. set up the formula for riserun. plug the coordinates of your first point and second point into the formula. plug your second point’s coordinates into the same formula. solve for the difference in y-coordinates between the two points. subtract the difference between the x-coord coordinates of the second point and the first point. multiply the change in the y- coordinates by the rise. reduce the fraction (and slope) of the numerator and denominator. check your slope and run.
tell someone who can help. call a bullying hotline. keep a diary. stay in a group. join a support group. talk to a teacher or other authority figure. get help from a trusted friend or family member. find a therapist or therapist. consider therapy. consider joining a support network. consider taking a self-defense class. get involved.
write down the equation for weight. find the acceleration of gravity on the earth's surface. figure out the gravitational acceleration on the surface of the moon. plug the values of m and g into the equation f = mg. set up the problem. calculate the mass of an object with a mass of 100 kilograms. solve for g. find a mass with a weight of 40 kilograms. calculate a weight with a value of 40 kg. solve the problem with a Mass of 549 newtons. use the correct units for mass and weight. convert the new units into standard units, if necessary. use m/s2 to find the force on an object. convert to meters per second squared if you're using feet. convert back to newtons if needed.
decide how you want to keep your journal. decide on a theme or approach. find a quiet place to write. commit to writing in your journal every day. make a commitment to yourself. write down your thoughts and feelings. keep a journal for a long time period of time. share your journal with other people.
choose a keyword or phrase to encode. write your letter normally. spell out your message using spelling errors. check your spelling error code.
go to the map. find a place where you can spawn. go to your inventory. find people to kill. kill them. if you kill them all, you will have won the battle, but if you don't, you still have a chance.
disconnect the garbage disposal from the power source. remove the glass. remove any smaller pieces of glass that are stuck in the disposal. vacuum up any remaining glass. drain the sink. repeat the previous two steps if you can't find an allen-wrench port or can't get rid of the glass with the pliers.
dress up your jeans with a tailored top. wear a button-down shirt. throw on a sweater. wear an interesting blouse. go for a bold print. throw a dress on over your skinny jeans. wear lace or other embellishments to make your jeans look a little more sophisticated.
make your own mayo if you don't have an immersion blender. gather your ingredients. add the ingredients to a large mixing bowl. add 1/2 cup of buttermilk to the bowl. stir in the lemon juice. pour in the coconut milk. chill the dressing in the fridge for at least 24 hours before you serve it. refrigerate the dressing until you're ready to use it. finished.
tune your piccolo with a piccolo tuner. if you are playing with a group of other piccolo players, make sure you tune them together. lip the note up if you need to.
place the unripe peaches in a paper bag. place the bag on your kitchen counter. keep the peaches at room temperature until they finish ripening. finished.
choose a number of people to be the predators. decide on the teams. have the predators go into the paintball playing area. , have the prey go out into the play area. let the predators play. , once the game is over, the predators come back into the playing area, and the prey comes out. , play until a predator is shot or the prey is shot.
be clear about what you’re trying to communicate.if you are speaking to someone who may not be able to hear you, it can be helpful to be clear about why you want to communicate with them. repeat yourself. make eye contact. speak in a clear, audible voice. be polite. use visual aids. move your body language and facial expression. ask the deaf person to repeat themselves if you do not understand them.
ventilate the room. use odor-masking products. use an air purifier. place plants around your room to help neutralize the smell.
project self-confidence. avoid self-deprecating talk. be open to meeting new people. try new things. take on a personality trait you admire. put in the work. be there for them when they need you. ask them questions about themselves. make time for them. be a good friend. don’t try too hard to be their friend. share your life with them. make them feel good about themselves, too. be yourself.
don't reply at all. ask the sender to remove you from their forwarding list. be firm. don't send it back. think about why you want to respond. pick your battles. remember that you are cooler than the sender. use the internet. follow up.
start with an honest compliment. keep your tone calm and friendly. watch your body language. choose your words carefully. focus on the behavior, not the person. bring up past mistakes you have made. keep the focus on one issue at a time. offer praise for changes you see in the other person's behavior. accept constructive criticism.
be sociable. use positive, positive training techniques. be alert, intelligent, and active. participate in agility and performance events.
go to explorer jack's house. talk to him. complete the first few tasks he gives you. complete more and more tasks until you have completed 100 tasks. complete all of the tasks that explorer jack offers you.
find the address and phone number of the vital records registrar and custodian in your county. visit the state vital records office in atlanta. fill out the request form and submit it by mail or in person. bring identification if necessary. pay the fee to request a certified copy of your birth certificate. receive your certified copy.
talk to your doctor. know how to take your medication. know what to do if you miss a dose. store your medication properly. keep your medication in a safe place. use a pillbox. leave reminders throughout the house. create a daily ritual. ask a friend or family member to remind you. talk to a pharmacist or therapist. ask your doctor about medication side effects. ask about side effects at the doctor's office or at the hospital.
understand the possible causes of alcohol allergies. start with one beer or wine/wine/liquor at a time. increase the amount of alcohol you consume over time. visit a doctor if symptoms persist. make a list of the alcohols that don't make you break out into hives. stick with the most common alcohols.
know when to use this method. use it for problem-solving. use the "why" questions to find the root cause of problems. apply this method to problems.
drive from the airport to me-3e. take exit 1 of us-1n from the us-3n ramp and continue for 0.6 miles (1.2 km). , take exit 2 of us 1a. take the rest of the route to the beach center.
use an online therapist locator. search for an anxiety and depression therapist. find a stress-related therapist. look for help if you are at risk for suicide. use a substance abuse therapist. consider behavioral and cognitive therapy.
open itunes on your computer. find the music that you want to put on your ipod touch. click on the music tab on the left side of the itunes window. select “sync music” from the list of options. select a method for syncing your music. click “apply”. wait for your music to download.
eat a light, healthy meal before practice. set training goals for yourself. warm up to your own needs. keep your weight on the balls of your feet instead of your heels. use your weak foot to your advantage. learn to one-on-one defend. play at game pace. push yourself as hard as you can. cool down after practice. drink plenty of water and stay hydrated.
know when your baby is hungry. know what to feed your baby. choose a feeding method. prepare for spit up. know how to burp your baby if they are having trouble swallowing. help your baby work out gas.
decide on the topic(s) that you want to discuss. decide on the structure of your document. open your document in microsoft word or microsoft office 2010. , open the styles menu or the task pane. select "headings" from the styles toolbar or task pane (or press f11 or f12). select "heading 1". select " heading 2" and then "heading 3". don't go as far as "heading 3". if your document is long enough, you may not need to go further than "heading 2". if you are writing a technical document, you might not want to use the "list bullet" and/or "list number" styles. save your document by clicking on "save as". finished.
moisturize your skin with olive oil before you take a bath. apply olive oil to your face before you get out of the bath. olive oil and almond oil are two of the best oils for moisturizing your skin. add a tablespoon (15 grams) of your chosen oil into your bath. soak in a warm milk and honey bath. try an oatmeal bath if you don't like the taste of milk or honey. use oatmeal as a face mask. finished.
ddetermine what you need to know. decide if you want to attend a seminar online or in person. if you decide to attend an online seminar, you'll have the option of attending the seminar in person or online. network with others in the graphic design field. find out if your school has any graphic design seminars scheduled. check your school's website. check the calendar for upcoming events at your college or university. look on the web for upcoming graphic design events. check out the websites of graphic design software companies that offer seminars. do an online search to see if there are any seminars in your area that are sponsored by the company you're interested in. research the host of the seminar to find out more about the event.
observe the bird's size. pay attention to the shape. look at the coloring of the bird.
imagine a scene or situation that you are working on. imagine a person walking through the scene with you, or a group of people walking through it with you. ask yourself, "what would i do if i were in this situation right now?"
set up an area for easter egg decorating. decorate the easter eggs. set up a station for frosting and cookies. set out a table for dipping and dipping. , finished.
decide how bare you want to be. clean up. trim your hair, if necessary. soak your bikini area. dry off. apply nair to your pubic area. let the nair sit on for 3-5 minutes. rinse the nairs off with warm water. dry your skin. apply a moisturizer. repeat the process 3-6 times a week.
get a plastic bag. get a piece of paper and cut it in half. cut the paper in half and tape it up. cut out the legs from the paper and tape them up. make a paste. mix the paste. let the paste sit for 5 to 10 minutes. cut your strips of paper into small strips. apply the strips to the dog.place the dog on top of the soggy strip.repeat the process until the whole dog is covered. cut off the ends of the plastic bags. fill the piñata with candy.place it on a table or a table. decorate it!,place it in a party and have fun with it! , decorate your piñita!
ask politely for what you want. accept “no” gracefully. start a whine jar. identify the problem and find a solution. tell your parents when they whine. listen to your own voice. watch your face and eyes. spend time with people you love. avoid whining in front of people you don’t know. talk to a trusted adult. get help from a friend or family member.
build up your thighs. strengthen your core. build up your hamstrings. work on your back. build your glutes and glutes as well.
go to https://www.facebook.com. , tap the profile icon. tap the photos tab. tap on the photos you want to tag. tap “tag people.” you’ll find this at the bottom-right of the photo. , select a photo. tap "done.", tap the “auto-fill” button. type the user’s name. select “done” to save your changes. view the username in the tag photo.
place your rabbit’s cage in a quiet place. keep your rabbit warm. feed your rabbit. give your rabbit pain medication. monitor your rabbit for signs of stool problems. contact your vet if you see any signs of infection. return to the vet after 10 to 14 days have passed.
decide what type of photos you want. choose a theme. find a photographer. set a date and time for the session. plan for the timing. get active in the snow. celebrate a holiday. cuddle up with your partner in front of a fireplace. go to a pretty city. travel to the country. have a snowball fight. go skiing. make some hot chocolate. hold a mistletoe sign. go sledding. go ice skating. build a snowman. go snowboarding. go on a snowmobile ride.
open firefox. click the "firefox" button. hover over "history.", click on "clear recent history...". select "everything.", select the time range to clear. expand the "details" box. check the boxes to clear your cookies. click "clear now".
decide what you want to learn. narrow down your choices. pick a genre. think about the style of writing you want. consider the context of the book. don’t be afraid to move on. be yourself.
prepare the oranges. cut the oranges in half. squeeze the orange. add the pulp to the juice. pour the juice into a glass.
use gloves when handling your electromagnet. be careful when strengthening your magnet. disconnect the wires when the device becomes hot. disassemble the device.
mix equal parts vinegar and water in a bowl. soak your hair in the vinegar solution. wrap your hair and let it soak. rinse your hair with lukewarm water.
check with the secretary of state. find information about corporations or limited liability companies. check with the department that issues licenses. check licensing boards.
pour the soy milk into a saucepan. stir in an acid. let the acid sit for 10 minutes. remove the acid and let stand. strain the curds from the whey, if necessary, before using.
write down everything that you hear or read. write down what you think about it. write it down in your own words. try to write down as much of it as you can in as short a time as possible. don't write down things that you don't understand or don't think make sense. listen carefully to what you are writing down. make a list of what you have learned and what you would like to learn more about it in the next few days. make sure that you write down only what you need to know, not what you want to know or what you wish to learn. , write down everything you have heard or read later.
provide proof of identity. provide proof of residency. fill out the application. obtain a driver’s permit if you are under 18 years old. get a copy of the driver's manual. enroll in a driver's education course. receive a certificate of completion. obtain an instruction permit. locate the nearest dmvc office. pay the required fees. take the vision test. schedule an appointment to take the skills test. gather your materials. arrive early. take your test. wait for your results. determine if you need to renew your license. apply for a new license. renew your old license if you change your name. renew the license if necessary. renew a license with a new learner. renew or renew your driver's license as needed.
stand with your feet shoulder width apart. jump straight up in the air. land on your feet. bend your knees.
identify the importance of a continuity plan. write the introduction. describe the chain of command. analyze the impact of disruptions. describe how to respond to disruptions. think about what your business would need to survive. plan for computer failures. prepare employees. describe maintenance and improvement strategies. describe disaster detection and response strategies. include other materials.
open the command prompt. create a new directory. move into the newly created directory. check the contents of the current directory. clear the screen. create new files. create another new file. delete files. leave the current working directory. change the directory. delete a directory. remove a directory that contains files. delete the entire directory.
use a solar-powered bathroom light. use a low wattage light. fill your toilet tank with water from your garden during the day. fill the toilet with water that has been sitting in the rain overnight. finished.
take care of your hygiene. dress to impress. be confident. pay attention to your posture and body language.
drink green tea. use tea tree oil. try jojoba and carrot seed oils. make a honey, cinnamon and nutmeg mask. use aloe vera.
look for a ring that is at least 90% platinum. look for a platinum ring with a hallmark. find an expert in platinum-smithing. choose a design with deep and intricate hand engraving. opt for filigree. choose bezel set with pavé. go custom. go for a showstopper. go with a classic design. match the size of your ring to your lifestyle. consider the stone’s age. consider your budget. finished.
find a cheat box. guess a code. search the internet for cheat codes. search for walkthroughs of your game. look for easter eggs. if you have a game that you don't know how to use, you can use a cheat site that provides a walkthrough of the game. , use a trainer. look at cheat websites.
pour 2 cups (473.18 ml) of coconut milk into a mug. microwave the milk. add in the cocoa powder and vanilla. heat the hot chocolate back up.
scan your image. launch adobe photoshop. select the version you want to use. open the image. change the image mode. create a new layer. select “skin” as the first layer. add a color to the skin. add color to other parts of the body. repeat steps 1 to 6 with other parts. merge the layers. set the image tone, level, or brightness on the image menu. save the image as a jpeg or jpeg file by going to “file” on the menu bar. finished.
arrive early. introduce yourself and introduce yourself to the interviewers. don't talk too much. listen to the instructions given by the interviewer. participate in any training or exercises that are given to you. delegate tasks to others, if you are allowed to. speak up when it's your turn to speak. listen attentively to what others have to say. ask questions when you have a chance to speak, but don't dominate the conversation. stay on topic. stay positive. thank the interviewer for the opportunity and thank them for their time and consideration. finished.
know what it is to be a medicine cat. learn about starclan. learn all the herbs. learn how to use them. make sure you have a lot of herbs. , make sure to have lots of water, food, and fresh water at all times. , keep all of your herbs in your house. don't be bored all the time. make a schedule. train someone to be your apprentice. if you want to, you can make your own herbs, but if you don't, get a friend to do it for you. , learn to fight, and if you have to, try to fight the badgers and fox. , if you are a warrior, you will have to fight for your life, but don't fight unless it's absolutely necessary to do so. , don't get too close to the badger or fox.
hide the pill in a banana or peanut butter. check the label. crush the pill. add the pill to soft food. dissolve the pill or tablet in water or juice instead.
wait until you’ve cooled off. rehearse the conversation. say what you need to say. set boundaries. don’t be afraid to assert your needs.
apologize to your parents. do your homework. read a book. work on a project. write in a journal. go for a walk. write a letter to someone you love. have fun with your grounding.
download your skin. download the minecraft version you want to use. go to "assests/minecraft/textures/entity". delete the meta.inf file. rename the image. place the image in the same folder as the original skin. start minecraft and start the game. you now have a new skin!
limit your absence outside the u.s. get a re-entry permit. consult with an immigration attorney.
reduce your stress levels. try over-the-counter (otc) creams. ask your doctor about oral medications. try light therapy for more severe cases.
open the control panel. select “programs and features” from the menu. click on the search bar at the top of the list. , type “bing translator” into the search box. , select bing translator from the results. click “uninstall” on bing translate. click the “yes” button. reboot your computer to complete the uninstalling process.
acknowledge that you may be contributing to your partner’s weight change. take a hard look at your own lifestyle. share your healthy habits with your partner. make exercise a part of your daily routine. create a healthy lunch plan for the whole family. celebrate your partner when they reach their goal weight, no matter what the result.
make sure you’re ready to start exercising. use a baby-carrier. walk or jog with your baby. dance to music. give your baby tummy-time. make time for exercise with your partner. don’t feed your baby while you exercise. drink plenty of water before and during your workout. wear comfortable clothing. take a warm-up and cool-down break. stretch before and after exercise. take breaks between workouts. get plenty of rest and recovery time.
research the real estate market in the area where you are considering buying a home. look at the amenities in the neighbourhood. consider the area’s transportation links. look for a home with a good view. choose a lot with good drainage. select a lot that has curb appeal. keep the yard clutter to a minimum. avoid a garage with multiple cars. consider a 2 1/2-bath home with at least one bedroom. consider having a walk-in closet in the master bedroom. make sure the laundry room is close enough to the kitchen. consider an easy-to-access basement. choose an area with a fireplace that is easy to decorate. consider how much space there is in the basement. consider whether the home has enough space for a garage. consider if there is enough space in the home for a swimming pool. ask yourself if the home is well-maintained. ask if there are any issues with the home's maintenance. ask the seller questions.
be comfortable with yourself and your opinions. separate opinions from how you feel about others. be realistic about your expectations. think about the golden rule. develop coping mechanisms. ask yourself why you want to understand someone's opinion. try not to take it personally. be willing to listen to other people's points of view. try to see things from the other person's perspective. avoid judging people based on their opinions. avoid gossiping about others' opinions. respect the opinions of others. avoid making assumptions about other people.
understand the backgammon board. set up the checkers. decide who will roll the dice. double the stakes on the doubling cube. roll two six-sided dice. move your checkers to an open point. move a checker to an alternate point. play until one of your opponent’s checkers is empty. continue playing until you run out of checkers or your opponent runs out of pieces. keep moving checkers until you have no more checkers left to move. keep playing until your opponent has no checkers remaining to move his pieces.
stand away from the doors. decide whether or not to hold the door. wait patiently until the elevator is full. don't ask for the elevator to be held. be willing to push the button for someone else. file in. get out quickly. take the stairs instead of the elevator. wait your turn in line. make small talk if you must talk. separate people as much as possible. make eye contact. don’t carry heavy items in your carry-on. keep your hands to yourself. be courteous and polite. be aware of your surroundings. be polite to the ground staff. be considerate.
find a different color for every day of the week. use a belt. mix and match different pairs of pants and shirts. wrap a cardigan around a shirt or blouse. download a wardrobe app. record your best outfits. get fashion inspiration. find a favorite color. make a signature color. wear flattering tops and bottoms. wear shoes that flatter your body type. wear the right shoes. choose the right accessories. accessorize. wear makeup that fits your skin tone.
prepare your ingredients. make a roux. make the cream sauce. cook the spinach. add the spinach to the sauce. add in the cream. add some salt and pepper to taste. garnish and serve. add a garnish of your choice. enjoy and eat it up!, finished.
don't fail a class. don't act out in class. choose fun electives. make friends. be yourself!, don't try to be popular. avoid spreading rumors. socialize with the right people. take a break from school. avoid going through a breakup. try not to stress about the grades. make good choices, and get good grades. go out with your friends. avoid stereotyping. use the internet to your advantage. use wikihow as a resource.
determine your needs and desires. research the companies you are applying to. create a resume. call the company you want to apply to. write a contact letter. write your cover letter. edit your resume and cover letter for typos and grammatical errors. secure a list of references. gather your materials. submit your application materials. wait for a response. prepare for your interview. attend the interview. follow up with a follow-up phone call or e-mail. prepare a cover letter and resume for the next job you apply for. attend a job fair. follow through with your application and interview.
connect your blackberry to your computer. turn on mass storage mode on your pc. locate the blackberry drive on your desktop. open the pictures folder. select the folder containing the pictures you want to transfer to your phone. drag and drop the pictures from your computer into the blackberries folder. wait for the transfer to complete. wait a few minutes for your transfer to finish. enjoy your new blackberry phone.
adjust the lighting in your environment. wear sunglasses. wear a hat or visor. use eye black under your eyes to reduce glare.
moisturize your feet. make a homemade foot scrub. soak your feet in warm water. use a foot spa. soak in a spa.
go to the battle frontier and go to the pokémon center. go into the battle tower and enter the battle room. go to your pc and click on the pc. , click on clone. go back to the pc and select the pc again. click on "yes" when the lady will ask you if you want to clone your pokemon. wait for a small time gap. select clone. select yes when the pc screen appears.
wipe the shoes down with a damp cloth every few days. use shoe cleaner for stains. scrub the shoes with detergent. wash the shoes in the machine.
purchase or make a live rabbit trap. place your trap. choose your bait. set the trap. check the trap regularly. check your trap often. remove the rabbit from the trap carefully. release the rabbit.
open the “settings” menu. select “update & security” from the settings menu. click or tap “windows defender” on the left pane of the window. switch real-time protection on or off. turn off real- time protection by clicking or tapping on the toggle switch.
talk to your loved one about power of attorney. choose someone to be your “agent.” you want someone to have the power to make decisions on your behalf. consider the agent’s background. decide what power you want to give the agent. find the appropriate form. identify the principal and agent. state the powers granted to the principal. state what powers the agent is entitled to perform. specify the duration of the agent's powers. provide for the principal to sign the document. make sure the document is notarbitable. make copies of the document for your records. distribute the document to your agent.
use "je t'aime" (zhuh voo zem) to tell someone that you love them. use "tu" or "vous" to address someone formally. practice saying "i love you."
preheat your oven to 400°f (204.4°c). wash the chicken under cold water. pat the chicken dry with a paper towel. place a small amount of olive oil, bacon fat, or butter on the inside of the chicken. place the chicken in a roasting pan. rub the chicken with olive oil or bacon fat. bake the chicken for 50 to 60 minutes. bake for another 20-30 minutes. remove the chicken from the oven and let it cool.
replace your children's plastic dishware with bpa-free dishware and utensils. replace plastic storage containers with non-plastic containers. use a stainless steel or glass cutting board instead of a plastic cutting board. purchase a water filter for your tap water. use reusable grocery bags instead of plastic grocery bags and wrappers. replace non-stick skillets with cast iron or cast iron pots and saucers when cooking.
go to the disney careers homepage. select a specific disney company. open the career page for the location where you wish to work. select the appropriate job category. browse through job categories. search for openings. narrow down your search further.
know when to vaccinate your chickens. know which vaccines need an annual booster. make sure your chickens are healthy enough to be vaccinated. double check that you know what you are doing. check that the vaccine is properly stored. know the different methods of vaccination. gather all of your materials. sterilize the area where you are going to give the chicken the vaccination.
adjust the saddle and handlebars. adjust the saddle height. check the angle of the pedals. check your position in the saddle. ask for help if necessary.
create an altar for the deceased. visit the graves of your loved ones. arrange a pillow and blanket in your home for the dead. go to the cemetery. write a poem about your loved one. make a skull mask. wear makeup that resembles a sugar skull. dress up as a calavera or catrina. go door-knocking in a traditional halloween costume.
understand that diet doesn’t cause acne. eat a low glycemic index diet. eat the right vitamins. get enough vitamin d. vitamin d is an important vitamin for the skin. increase your intake of omega-3 fats in your diet.
asassemble the items needed to complete the project. lay out the wreath on a flat surface. place the easter eggs on top of each other. arrange the eggs around the wreat. cut a piece of ribbon about the size of the egg you want to use. glue the ribbon to the top of the eggs. attach the ribbon loop to the back of the top layer of eggs. hang up the easmas wreath where it looks best. finished.
go to a goth theme store and buy a purple t-shirt. wear it.
write the first two terms -> 1, 1. add the 3rd and 2nd numbers. write the sum of the numbers. generate the fibonacci sequence.
cut the marshmallows in half lengthwise. , form a triangle. build a pyramid. tape the spoon handle to the end of another skewer. wrap the tape around the spoon. secure the band to the base of the pyramid. place the spoon at the top of the marshmallow pyramid. finished.
go to google voice. sign into your google voice account. filter your voicemail notifications. listen to the voicemail you receive.
take control of your circumstances. learn from the past. change your focus. don't dwell on the past too much.
preheat the oven and melt the butter. sift the dry ingredients. mix in the shortening. add the wet and dry ingredients to the dough. fold the dough into a circle. roll the dough out. cut out the biscuits. brush the tops of the biscuits with butter. bake the biscuits for 10 to 15 minutes. let the biscuits cool. cook the sausages. fry the sausage pierces. sauté the sausage. make the gravy. serve the biscuits while they’re still hot. finished.
back up all of your important data. find your windows 7 installation disc and product key. insert the installation disc into your computer's optical drive. , insert the windows 7 setup disc. , click the "start" button. , select the "boot from disc" option. open the bios menu. set your computer to boot from the optical drive first. select "reformat" from the boot menu. click "reinstall" to begin the reinstallation process. , follow the on-screen instructions to reinstall windows 7 to your computer.
make an ambient mosquito repellent. make an apple cider vinegar spray. make a peppermint and witch hazel spray. use lavender. use mint. use other natural fly repellents. use basil. use garlic as a fly-repellent.
find out the hunting season in your area. obtain a permit and the proper equipment. find an area to hunt. control your scent. find a good deer spot. camouflage yourself. hunt with a partner. get comfortable in your hunting position. make sure the deer is dead. take the deer to the agreed-upon kill spot. kill the deer. check the deer for signs of illness. clean up the carcass. take care of the deer and store the deer properly.
place the henna in a bowl and cover it with plastic wrap. wait overnight. test for dye release by pulling back the top layer of henna. test your henna by applying it to your hair. decide if you want to change the color. store the mixture in the refrigerator or in the freezer.
be courteous. open the door for her. sit next to her in the car. offer to pay for dinner or a day out. when leaving a restaurant, walk her to the door, don't run to her. , when walking her home from work, walk to her, don’t run behind her. don't touch her, unless she asks you to. , if you see her coming out of the car, walk up to her and offer her a hug and a kiss. think about her. ask her what she likes to do. carry her bags. if you are a man, do your best to keep your word and do not be a slouch. be reliable. call her if you can't make it to a date. treat her with respect. tell her how you feel. be a gentleman. never disrespect her. be there for her when she needs you. respect her as a lady, no matter what. use your non-dominant arm to give her something to hold onto if necessary.
write stage directions and stage directions. decide what kind of comedy you want to write. decide on a genre. create your characters. write a story. write your plot. write the first draft. start writing the second draft. write some more drafts. once you've written enough scripts, go back and look at them. get an agent. start selling your scripts. if you are successful, you will be able to get a job as a writer, or you will get a part-time job with a tv station or studio.
heat your oven to 150 degrees f (65.5 c). add ammonia to a baking dish. let the ammonia sit overnight. remove the baking dishes and racks. scrub your oven. clean up.
plan a date night out. take your valentine to a new place. do something you’ve never done before. sit down and talk to each other. go on a nature walk or a walking tour. spend a weekend together somewhere special. take a dance class or dance class.
take the newark express bus. find a stop in manhattan. get to the airport express stop. board the bus.
wear the boots with dark blue jeans. slip on a fitted t-shirt or tank top over the jeans. add a simple blouse or button-down shirt over your top. consider an over-the-top. avoid worn boots. keep your accessories simple.
reduce your daily calorie intake. eat a balanced diet. include lean protein at each meal. eat more fruits and vegetables. choose 100% whole grains at every meal and snack.
purchase a puppy ahead of time. find a caregiver for the puppy. buy supplies for a puppy. prepare the puppy's new home. make sure the puppy’s new home is safe. spay or neuter the dog.
make sure you know the course you are going to be doing. arrive at the venue at least 15 minutes before the start of the competition. make sure you have everything you need with you. start at the start line. walk up to the first jump. as you approach the jump, keep your head up and look towards the next one. walk towards the jump. continue walking and stride the course out until you reach the end of the course. , stop at the next jump. , continue walking the course until you have completed the entire course, or until you are within 15 minutes of the start. , if you have time, you can walk the course a second time. , once you have finished the course, it is best to go back to the starting line and watch the rest of the riders. , when the judge rings the bell to start the round, walk to the jump as though you would on your horse. when the bell rings, start jumping. if you are lost, stop and think about what you did wrong. if the judge gives you a second go, don't be afraid to try again. if it is your first time, do your best.
find out if your state considers adultery. consult with an attorney. discuss your situation with your lawyer. argue adultery wasn’t the cause of the divorce. identify other financial factors a judge might consider. argue against alimony. discuss other strategies with your attorney. get evidence of your spouse’s unfaith. introduce evidence of adultery. ask your spouse to testify. read the rules of evidence. draft a settlement agreement. file the settlement agreement with the court. serve notice of the agreement on your spouse. attend the hearing. receive the court order. consider appealing the decision.
go for a softer hairstyle. choose a makeup that is formulated for the heat. wear a single layer of makeup. use blotting papers to remove excess moisture from your face. go dark in the eyes and on the lips and under your eyes.
eat complex carbohydrates and protein. stay hydrated. chew on a piece of gum or suck on gum.
remember your dreams. keep a dream journal. pay attention to the dream’s context and setting. consider non-human figures. record your feelings during the dream. learn about dreams and their meaning. look for symbols in your dream. use dream dictionaries. think about your daily life and emotions. analyze your dreams as a whole. interpret your dream symbols.
make a template for your wreath. cut out the leaves to fit your template. dry run the leaves on a sheet of newspaper. glue the leaves onto the wreath ring. hang your new wreath and enjoy your beautiful new leaf display!
wait a while before responding to a text message. respond in a curt manner. block or auto-reply to texts that you don't receive.
open libreoffice. open a new document in Libreoffice. , open the slide show. click and drag and drop the images you want to load into the background. , wait for the images to load. , close the slides. , restart the computer. open Libreoffice (if you haven't already done so. restart libre office. open the file you just opened. , click the "edit" menu and select the "memory" tab. , set the memory settings to the highest setting you can find. click "ok" to save your changes. , return to the main page. , go back to the slides you were working on. , save the file. , run the file again.
choose a location for the exchange. find a 5 gallon (20 l) bucket. fill the bucket with clean, fresh water. place the bucket on a stand. remove the old tank from the stand. take the tank to the store. purchase a new tank if you haven't done so already. set up the new tank in the new location. add the replacement water to the tank. turn on the light and let the tank run for a few hours before adding fish.
identify the problem. analyze the issue. look at the situation from your perspective. think about what your friend could have done.
stop the bleeding. clean the wound. clean a puncture wound. apply an antibiotic ointment and bandage. watch for signs of infection.
determine whether a discount is necessary to address a customer's late payments. determine whether the discount is worth it to meet your cash needs. analyze the volume of business you are losing by offering a discount. consider the risk of non-collection. consider factoring your accounts receivable to a factoring company if you are unable to collect on a timely basis.
make healthy wraps for your snacks. bring some jerky. make a banana and almond butter and banana sandwich. bring hard boiled eggs for a quick snack.
choose a variety of finger foods. make an edible gift basket. give a box of candies. include a hot drink gift.
gather the ingredients listed in the "things you'll need" section below. blanch or sprout the almonds. place the almonds in a food processor or food processor. pulse the almonds until the almonds are soft and pliable. store the almond flour in an airtight container in the fridge. use almond flour within 3 to 6 months. finished.
determine if the baby walker is safe for your baby. determine if the walker has features that will allow your baby to play while they are in it. choose a walker that is durable and easy to use. determine the weight and weight capacity of the walkers you are considering. consider the size and shape of your home when choosing baby walkers. read consumer reviews and ratings of baby walkes that you are interested in.
take your dog to the vet. treat your dog with deworming medication. understand how roundworms spread. understand the life cycle.
lie down on your back on the floor. ask your partner to sit down on top of you. finished.
ask the autistic person if they want to leave the room, or if they are feeling overwhelmed by something. make sure that the person is aware of what is bothering them. give the person a massage. encourage the person to stim. restrain the person, if necessary. put your arms around the person's shoulders or head. comfort the person. talk to the person as much as you can. remove any clothing the person does not want to wear. ask the person if you can remove any toys, toys, or other objects from the room. if the person seems to be getting worse, ask them if they would like to talk to someone else.
choose a sunny spot in your garden. plant catnip and cat mint in another part of the yard. add sand and cat naps to the area. add mulch to the garden area. plant a variety of plants in the garden.
open microsoft word 2007. create a new template. go to the user templates in file system menu. select the name of the template you created. open the template. finished.
download the app from the app store or google play. , sign up for the app. open the app and log in. add a profile picture. add some friends. set a goal for your weight loss. post about your goals. choose the type of workout you want to do. start your workout. have fun!
prepare your noodles. wash and chop your vegetables. sautee the onions and mushrooms. add the water, mirin, sake, and sugar and then add the vegetables. simmer until the vegetables are tender. serve hot.
set up the beer pong table. gather the cups. fill the cups with beer or other liquids. decide who will play first. determine who gets first shot. throw the balls into the cups of the opposing team. continue playing until one team has no cups left. follow the rules when making a shot. re-rack the cups when there are only two cups left in the game. ask to fix the cups if a ball lands in a cup. swat the ball out of the cup if it lands on the floor. call out the game when one team is out or the game is over.
choose your old nail polish. paint a new coat of nail polish on your nails. wipe off the new coat with a clean paper towel. scrub your nails with the paper towel to remove the old polish. wash your hands with warm water. finished.
choose the right time and place. state your desire for sex. ask them what they would like to do. elaborate on your plans.
understand the role of inflammation in your diet. avoid trans fats. limit your sugar intake. eat more wholegrain products. avoid processed meats and processed meats. avoid foods that are high in sodium, nitrites and nitrates. stay away from foods that contain "excitotocins". avoid foods to which you are allergic. be aware of food allergies. don't eat mango. avoid spicy foods. don’t eat red meat. avoid dairy products. eat plenty of fresh fruits and vegetables. drink plenty of water. avoid alcohol and tobacco. avoid caffeine and alcohol. avoid smoking. get plenty of rest. exercise regularly. get enough sleep. eat a balanced diet. get regular exercise. avoid stressors.
make a roux. add the flour to the oil and cook it. add in the bouillon and let it simmer for 15 to 20 minutes. add all the vegetables. add 3 quarts of water to the roux and bring it to a boil. let the gumbo simmer for around an hour and a half. stir in the meat and spices. simmer for about an hour more. finished.
understand the consequences of placing a curse on someone. understand that curses are unethical. weigh the pros and cons of taking revenge. decide what you want to happen. make sure you’ve protected yourself. get a large glass jar. add a poppet to the jar. choose a medium for your curse. put on protective gear. shake the jar and shake it vigorously. place the poppets in the jar with the medium. place your target’s name on top of the jar, if you choose to do so. place a piece of paper over your target. write your curse down on paper. put the paper and paper over the jar in your room. shake your jar. wait for the curse to take effect. remove the jar from the jar when the curse has taken effect. repeat the process until your target has been harmed. remove your target from your life. repeat this process as many times as necessary.
go to the wikihow and search for "how to make a skirt" or "make clothes".
don’t cuss out every time you get mad. know the culture of the person you’re cussing out. choose your words carefully. use the correct form of the word. avoid using the s-word. use “f”s” and “c”es” instead of the s.
open whatsapp. tap the menu icon. tap contacts. , tap add new contact. , type in the name of the person you want to add. ,tap add contact. tap their name. tap block or delete.
schedule a consultation with a plastic surgeon about male breast reduction surgery. discuss the procedure with the plastic surgeon. be aware that the surgery will leave scars around your nipple area.
choose your adhesive. spread adhesive on the back of the tiles. press the tile against the wall. nail the backdrop to the wall or plywood. add nails to the backdrop. let the glue dry.
familiarize yourself with the route of the acela train. understand the route. know the intended stops. be prepared for delays. arrive at the train station as soon as the train is scheduled to arrive. pay for the trip. print out your ticket(s) from the self-service triptickets kiosk at the station of your choice. finished.
think about what she likes about herself. think about how she talks about others. show her that she’s capable of being the person she wants to be. compliment her when she does something good. don’t overdo it. say something new about her. say what you think as you’re thinking it. pay attention to the way that you view her appearance. be specific. use “i” statements instead of “you.” this is a great way to show that you care and that you are interested in her. finished.
examine the clarity of your cat's eyes. examine the iris. look for signs of tear ducts or runny eyes.
open a chat conversation with the person you want to send a video note to. tap and hold the video button on the bottom right corner of the screen. drag your finger to the "x" on the screen to record your video. release the button when you're finished recording. send the note.
watch for changes in behavior. look for signs of lethargy. listen to their voice. watch how they sleep. pay attention to changes in appetite. look at how much they drink. rule out other causes of sickness.
acknowledge that there is a problem. apologize. explain what went wrong. identify the cause of the problem. work with the recipient on a solution. don’t take responsibility for what happened. create a plan for dealing with angry customers. apologize as soon as possible. choose a good medium of communication. apologize in person. avoid blaming others. stay professional. finished.
apply a texturizing product to your hair. dry the roots. create braids. blow dry your hair completely. scrunch your hair with a diffuser.
soak your feet in epsom salt before bed. go swimming. use a pregnancy pillow. practice yoga every day.
choose thread that matches the motif. select the right thread. choose the right stitching style. apply the motif to the piece of fabric using the stitching method of your choice.
eat three meals a day during the holidays. arrive to holiday events with a full stomach. bring healthy dishes to holiday parties to avoid having to resort to junk food and unhealthy snacks. use plates when eating at holiday parties. eat smaller portions of your favorite sweets and snacks. drink alcohol in moderation. stay away from the food table at holiday events if you feel like you are full. use healthy ingredients in your favorite recipes to avoid foods that are high in calories and saturated with unhealthy ingredients.
remember that you don't need to act like you're in love, but you do need to look like you are in love.
choose a script. create a storyboard. get financing. cast your actors. find locations. make a list of what you'll need for filming. plan out the filming process. set up your camera. get your actors and crew together. shoot the film. edit the film, if necessary. edit, edit, and edit some more. find a good editor. edit your film. share your film with others.
apply coconut oil to your hair once or twice a week. protect your hair from heat. use a hair moisturizer. wrap your hair in a scarf or scarf when you sleep. moisturize your hair with avocado and coconut oil once a week during the week.
stand with your feet shoulder width apart on the ground. bend your knees slightly and place your hands on your hips. lift your shoulders up and look down at the floor. roll your shoulders forward and then look down, waving your chest and belly back. repeat the body wave move. repeat your body wave.
smile at her. make eye contact. hang out with your friends. take up a lot of space in the room. strike up a power pose. talk to other people around her. try talking to her while she is with her friends. wear red.it’s been shown that women are more likely to be picked up by hitchhikers if they are wearing red.
talk to a counselor. set up an appointment with a mental health specialist. join a support group. talk to your professors or academic advisors. reach out to friends and family for support. call the campus crisis line if you have suicidal thoughts.
download and install the latest version of boot camp assistant from the mac os x website. , open the "boot camp assistant" application. , click on the "install now" button in the upper-right corner of the dialog box. , select the partition that you want to install windows xp on. , choose the type of partition you would like to install your windows installation on. click the "start" button and follow the on-screen instructions to install the windows installation. , wait for the installation to complete and reboot into your boot camp partition. , troubleshoot if the partition is not partitioned.
open itunes. , click the itunes icon. click the ‘itunes’ menu. click ‘file’. click your file. add the file to your library.
choose a notebook. gather your materials. decide on a layout. crop your photos. attach your photos and other items to the pages. write a caption for each item. decorate your pages. add a title page. create a table of contents. make a cover for each page. attach the cover to the page. add text to each page, if desired. add photos and text to the next page. enjoy your book.
open the vacuum. remove the bag. empty the bag of its contents. wipe out the plastic bin. wipe down the exterior of the bag, if applicable. replace the bag in the vacuum chamber. replace any parts that need to be replaced. close vacuum.
keep your iphone in a safe environment. leave some memory on your phone. open settings. tap general. tap wi-fi. slide "wi-fi" to the "on" position. tap a network. tap connect. open the settings app. tap your apple id. tap icloud. scroll down and slide "icloud backup" to "on". select the apps you want to back up. tap back up now. tap apple. tap settings. select updates. tap update. tap install now. enter your passcode when prompted. opensettings. tapgeneral. tap reset. tap erase all content. tap restore from backup. follow the on-screen prompts. wait for the restore process to complete. try holding the home button. press and hold the power button. try restarting your device. try a different method.
create a checkout process that is easy for your customers to use. create a list of email subscribers and send out emails regularly.
pick the right dose for your age. increase your dosage gradually. see your doctor for regular check-ups regularly.
install smoke detectors high on the wall or on the ceiling. install carbon monoxide detectors in a safe location. install smoke detectors in the right places. install the smoke detector in the correct location. keep the batteries in good working order. keep a spare battery in your smoke detector. develop an escape plan.
choose a mat that is the right size for the space you have to work with. make sure the mat is thick enough for your height and body width. choose a mat with a good grip. consider the mat's thickness. try using a mat made for yoga or pilates if offered one is available.
line up the ball with the nozzle valve facing toward your foot. stand with your arms out wide and your legs spread wide. take a stutter-step as you approach the ball. plant your strong foot beside the ball and to the opposite side. make contact with the valve valve. follow through with your kicking foot.
place the eggs in a bowl of cold water. prepare the cardboard tube. fold the cardboard in half lengthwise. fold each side of the triangle in half.place the triangle on a baking sheet lined with parchment paper.pour the egg yolks into the center of the cardboard triangle.place a piece of wax paper over the top of the eggs.bake the eggs for 15 minutes.remove the eggs from the cardboard and let them cool.place on a plate. serve. finished.
heat the half-and-half, sugar, and salt in a saucepan over medium heat. beat the eggs until they turn light and creamy. pour ½ cup (120 milliliters) of the egg mixture into the saucepan. cook the eggs, stirring occasionally, until they reach 160°f (72°c). cool the custard in an ice bath for 5 minutes. stir in the heavy whipping cream and vanilla extract. cover the custards with plastic wrap, then chill it for at least 2 hours. purée the peaches. stir the peach purée into the half and half mixture. freeze the ice cream according to the manufacturer's directions. serve or freeze the frozen ice cream for 2 to 4 hours, or until it is firm. finished.
get the makeup right. get the outfit right. memorize silly sayings and sayings. get a group of friends together. do silly dares. trip over yourself. watch funny videos. have fun with your silly friends.
label the jars. use them to hold hardware. store small items in jars. make a pincushion out of a jar. keep spare change in a jar for a date or movie fund. use a jar as a candle holder. make potpourri from dried flower petals.
warm the clay in your hands. use a heat source to soften the clay. roll the clay into a ball. use more force. pound on the clay with a rubber mallet. knead.
go to youtube.com. enter your username. click on "inbox.", click on the " inbox" link. open the message you want to respond to. click "reply.", compose your message. attach a video. review and send the message before sending it.
understand the purpose of purling front and back. place your project in front of you. insert your needle through the front of the loop. yarn over and pull through. insert needle through back of loop. repeat as needed.
draw attention away from your mouth. wear earrings. change your hair style. grow a beard. keep your lips moisturized. practice smiling in the mirror. don’t be ashamed of your braces.
fill the tub with warm water. add soap to the water. place your feet in the tub. scrub your feet with a towel, loofah, or sponge. dry your feet. dispose of the dirty water. trim your toenails.
navigate to https://www.youtube.com/store/ in your web browser. , sign in to your account. click on an item you would like to buy. browse the items in the cart. click the purchase button to purchase the item. complete the purchase and confirm your purchase.
determine if you are eligible for international adoption. contact the russian ministry of education. contact an accredited russian adoption agency. visit an orphanage in russia. attend an adoption court date. prepare your documents. attend the court hearing. receive your new birth certificate and adoption certificate. bring your baby home for adoption.
log in to your gmail account. click on the "compose" tab. , click on "accounts" in the upper-right corner of the screen. , select "auto-responder" from the drop-down menu. , set your first and last day. fill in the rest of the information. choose who you want to email.
check your ex's social media accounts. talk to someone you trust about your feelings. start a journal. write down all the feelings that you have about your ex. consider spending some time apart from your ex for a week or two. give yourself time to get your feelings under control.
choose the right diaper bag for you. pack food and drinks. pack diapers and baby food. pack diaper rash cream and baby wipes. pack a change mat. pack clothing and blankets. pack some toys and toys for the baby. pack the stroller or pram. pack your diaper bag with the diaper bag. pack any other items you might need to take with you. put the bag in your car or stroller. take the bag with you when you leave the house. take a diaper bag to the doctor's office. take it to the in-laws. take your bag to a friend's house. bring it to a family member's house if you can.
pour the orange juice into a cocktail shaker. add the pineapple juice. pour in the cream of coconut. add 2 oz (60 ml) of dark rum. add ice. shake the ingredients together. pour the drink into a glass with ice. add nutmeg to the drink. garnish with a lime or lime wedge. serve at the pusser’s painkiller bar on jost van dyke island, british virgin islands. make the drink in a blender. serve the drink without the rum if you are hosting a party with young people.
buy furniture sliders. place the sliders under the corners of the furniture. push the furniture from the bottom to the top. move the furniture up and down from the top to the bottom. repeat the process for each corner.
respond to your parents in a respectful manner. communicate effectively with your parents. acknowledge your parents when you see them. show gratitude for what your parents have done for you. respect your parents’ right to say.
create an asthma action plan with your doctor. help your child develop self-management skills. keep track of your child’s asthma symptoms. use a peak flow meter. use the asthma control test. label your child's medications. make sure your child is using the appropriate inhaler. talk to your child about their asthma triggers. encourage your child to take their medication at the right time. monitor your child for side effects. discuss the need for emergency services with your child. talk with their doctor about the need to call emergency services if necessary.
turn on your refrigerator. , look at the sliding switch on the top of the refrigerator door. move the dial to the left or right if the temperature is too warm or too cold. check the temperature again. keep the switch in the same place every time you turn the refrigerator on or off.
acquire a level 61 farming. travel to one of the herb patches. rake the patch. add supercompost to the patch (optional). plant 1 woad seed. harvest the herbs after 80 minutes of planting. , harvest them.
decide what type of horse you want: a horse that is at least 3-4 years old. make sure you have the following criteria in mind: that you have at least a year of riding experience. look for horses that are: that are in good condition; that are healthy and well-groomed; that can be ridden safely.
marinate the broccoli. preheat the grill to medium-high heat. place the broccoli florets on the grill grate. cook the broccoli for 5 to 7 minutes. remove the broccoli from the grill and place on a paper towel to drain. transfer the broccoli to a serving dish. finished.
wait for the right time to apologize. approach the girl with the right approach. tell her you're sorry. be straightforward. go into more detail. listen to what she has to say. give her a hug. take responsibility for your actions. apologize sooner rather than later. don't be afraid to ask for forgiveness. be prepared for rejection. give yourself time to move on. keep in mind that apologies don't last forever.
understand what an option is. understand how options work. understand the benefits of options. know the two main types of options available to investors. understand why you might want to invest in options. find a broker. choose a stock or exchange traded fund to buy options on. analyze the security. determine the strike price for your chosen security. decide on a premium for your option. decide if you want to buy a put or a call option. determine if you would like to sell or buy a stock. determine whether to buy or sell a stock index. decide whether to put or sell an etf. know when to sell an option. understand when to buy and sell an ef. consider the options market.
prioritize compound exercises. train the biceps at the end of your workouts. focus on your triceps. build your forearms. combine strength with volume. add weight or volume gradually. don’t overtrain your arms. do at least 2-3 sets of each arm exercise each day. perform each exercise for at least 24-48 hours. rest between sets. eat a balanced diet. drink plenty of water. get plenty of rest. exercise regularly.
do a standing cobra pose. do a standing hip flexion pose. try a standing quadriceps pose. perform a standing lunge pose. practice a standing bridge pose. attempt a seated bridge.
wait until the vegetables are overripe. scoop out the flesh from the vegetables. pour the water into a bucket. sieve the water. let the seeds air dry. finished.
open the yelp app. tap ☰. tap settings. tap account. tap profile. tap edit. tap your current profile picture. , tap a photo. ,tap edit. , select a new photo. tap done.
determine the type of fantasy hockey league you want to participate in. decide on a type of league you’d like to play in. understand the categories used in each league. conduct a fantasy hockey draft. draft your team.
train your starter pokémon with moves that are good for the type you want to train. get a good hm (high master) and a good trainer. make sure that you have a strong party. don't send out a lot of pokémons that have the same type as the gym leader. try not to send out too many legendaries. make your party strong, but not too strong, either.
look for signs of hip pain in the child. pay attention to the child’s movements. look for symptoms of a systemic illness. ask the child if they’ve been in any pain recently. keep track of any associated symptoms. give your doctor a thorough history of the child's medical history. allow your doctor to diagnose the hip pain. follow your doctor's instructions for treatment.
pour the water into the saucepan. , add the sugar. add the rose petals. remove from the heat. pour the mixture into a glass jar. , cover the jar. serve.
contact your local child support division office. understand the child support formula. meet with an attorney. establish paternity. find the appropriate forms. locate the correct court. download the petition form. gather other forms. sign the forms. file the petition. serve notice on the other parent. file a motion to dismiss. serve a copy of the motion on the non-custodial parent. wait for a response. prepare for your hearing. appear on your hearing date. present your case. listen to the other side. receive the judge’s decision. file an appeal, if necessary. consider next steps.
log in to your gmail account. go to the chat you want to save your chat text history to. , click on "edit chat settings.", , go to "history.", click on the "save chat history" option. click "save."
keep a cool head. calm your cat down. place your cat in a comfort bag. place an ice pack on your cat's nose. avoid giving your cat medication. wipe away any blood from their face. stroke their nose gently. take your cat to the vet if the nosebleed continues.
center the bill. crease the bill between the two bottles. push down on the bill with your right hand. use your left hand to create a "valley.", bring your pointer finger down. release the bill from the bottle. drink your beer.
understand the terms of the lease agreement. understand the basic accounting process. account for interest, principal, depreciation, and depreciation. determine the value of the asset in question. record the journal entries. record journal entries for the rental payments. record a journal entry for the principal portion of the interest payment. make journal entries to account for the depreciation. record your journal entries on the income statement. record any other journal entries as necessary. review the income statements. record new journal entries regularly.
log into your paypal account. click on the “contact” link at the bottom of any paypal page. click the "email us" link. choose a topic and a sub-topic. type your message. send your message to paypal.
tell the teacher that you are being bullied. stop being friends with the person who is bullying you. get away from the bully. tell a teacher. get a group of friends to help you. don't be intimidated. stand up for yourself. know what you want to say. avoid being mean. know who to stand up to. know how to put a stop to a bullying situation. if you are finally done with the bullying, don't show the person that you stood up for them back.
wash and dry the vase. wrap painter's tape around the edges of your vase, if desired. secure the tape with a credit card. apply a light coat of gold leaf paint. wait two hours for the paint to dry, then add another coat. let the paint dry completely. peel the tape away. fill in any chipped lines.
go to http://www.wi-fi.com/virtual-router. click on the "download" button. install the program. start the program!, create a new network. finished.
put a dry reed in your mouth. move the reed from side to side. avoid reeds with holes in the top end. do not place reeds in a reed case. choose the right reed for your clarinet. place the reing in the correct position on the instrument. , make sure that you do not have any air bubbles. , do not use the same reed twice in a row. , avoid reeds with holes that are too small or too big. , don't use reeds that have small holes in them. don't put your fingers too close to the holes. pinch yourself.
measure your dog. determine your dog’s weight. determine if your dog has special needs. choose a bed ramp. pick a couch ramp. select a chair or recliner ramp. search online. visit a local pet store. have the ramp built or have it custom built. purchase a ramp at a pet supply store or online.
ensure that your device is supported. download the bcmon apk file. install bcmon. run bcmon and enable monitor mode. open airodump. open the command prompt. select an access point. note the mac address. start scanning. start the cracking process. attempt to crack the password. enter the key in the message.
familiarize yourself with french hours and minutes. ask "il est une heure?", add "heure" after the hour. add "deux" or "cinq" for minutes. use "et" and "demie" for half-hours and quarter hours. use the word "moins" to say "minus.", use "du matin" for am and pm.
choose a variety of apple. choose your apples. wash the apples. cut the apples in half. remove the skins. puree the apples and squeeze out the juice. store the cider in a cool place.
be empathetic. acknowledge the parents' concerns. encourage the parents to stay positive. don't assume you have all the answers, even if you do.
measure the mat's perimeter. cut the mat board to size. cut a frame opening for the mat. cut through the mat with a razor knife or mat cutter. place the mat on a flat surface. place your photo on the mat and tape it in place. secure the photo with double-sided tape.
download and install internet information services 5.1. install iis. open up iis and click on "internet information services" from the control panel. , click on the "internet options" tab. , select "change ip address". , change the ip address. change the port. set your gateway. create a new folder for your virtual directory. click "new document" and then click "add". click "virtual directory" and type in a name for your new virtual directory and click "create". , click "public site" and click next. click the "security settings" tab and then select "add a template". click next and then you should see a list of all of the files that are in your "home directory". go back to "internet services" and select "internet access control panel". , go to your "virtualdirectory" and double click on it. , double click "internet security settings" in the list. , check the box that says "show advanced security settings". , make sure that you are in the correct security settings. , close the program. , restart your computer and try to access your website. , if it didn't work then you may have to change your security settings again.
see if she talks about sex more. listen for compliments. see if she says she wants to lie down with you. notice if she tells you she's in the mood. listen to how she talks dirty.
accessaccess your system's bios. disable the on-board audio. exit the bios menu. save the settings and exit the system bios screen.
choose a location for the turtle tank. purchase a surface mount pond. build a frame for the pond. connect the frame to the frame. nail the bottom of the pond in place. fill the pond with water. nail in the basking area. add a barrier around the perimeter of the area. provide a substrate for your turtle to bask in. create a ramp to the pond, if desired. place a uvb 2.5 lamp or uv b 5 lamp above the turtle’s basking site. add artificial plants.
decide what type of recipe scrapbook you want to make. write out your recipes. take photos for your recipe scrapbooks. decide how you will print your scrapbook. create a personalized recipe.
ggather your supplies. attach the cork or styrofoam ball to the glue gun. attach one end of a popsicle stick to the top of cork/strawfoam. attach a plastic cup to the base of the art bot's body. connect the motor to the body. attach batteries to the motor. attach battery holder to the side of the battery pack. connect wires to the battery holder. , turn on the motor and turn it on. , start spinning the artbot. , enjoy your art bot. , finished.
examine the area for signs of infection. wear cotton underwear. keep track of your urination patterns. drink a lot of water in the first 24 – 48 hours following removal.
heat the oil in a skillet. shred the kohlrabi. combine the kohllrabi, egg, flour, and salt. form patties in the oil. cook the fritters for 2 to 4 minutes before flipping. drain on paper towels before serving. finished.
establish a family emergency plan. create a plan of action with your family. make a disaster preparedness kit for emergencies.
determine if you have risk factors for high blood pressure. monitor your blood pressure at the doctor’s office. visit your doctor.
hold your hands out in front of you. make a circle with your index finger. curl the tip of your middle finger to the middle joint of your thumb. make an "o" with your ring finger and middle finger. tuck your pinky out of the way. make the first "o.", make the second "o". understand the bloods symbol. do not flash the blood symbol in public. hold your hands up so you can not look down. practice writing the word "blood" in a mirror to see if you can form the word quickly and accurately.
understand the difference between an open ended and closed ended lease. consider the benefits of open ended leases. determine what you intend to use the car for. determine a range of monthly payments you can afford. narrow down your choices to two or three cars. research the cars you look at online. take each car for a test drive. negotiate the total price of the lease with the salesperson. compare the total cost of the car to the monthly payment you are willing to pay. sign the lease agreement. make sure you understand the terms and conditions of your lease.
identify if you are eligible to draw unemployment benefits. find your state’s unemployment insurance agency. read your state handbook on unemployment insurance. keep a list of businesses you have contacted about work. certify that you are actively looking for work. hold onto your unemployment check receipts. wait for a letter from the state agency that you have been approved for benefits.
lie on your back on the floor with your legs shoulder width apart. lift your right arm off the ground. repeat on the other side. finished.
have positive and confident body language. be yourself. take care of your body. keep your own interests in mind.
discuss your treatment plan with your healthcare provider.your healthcare provider should be able to provide you with a detailed plan of action to manage your inflammatory bowel disease. keep a food and drink diary. take medications as directed. follow your treatment regimen to the letter. do not skip or double doses.
decide how long you want to do the fast. make sure you are healthy enough to fast. eat a healthy, balanced diet. avoid exercising during this time. drink water throughout the day. resume normal eating habits after the fast is over.
practice mindfulness. do a body scan meditation. set aside time for self-care. practice yoga. unplug from the world around you. write in a journal or diary.
choose a spot for your perennial garden that is at least 3 feet (0.9 m) by 2 feet (1.0 m). plant your perennials in the spring, summer or fall. prepare the soil for the perennials. plant your perennialials in pots or raised beds that are at least 12-18 inches (30-50 cm) in diameter. water the plants every other day for the first week or two of the season. , fertilize the plants once or twice a week. don't burn the plants. add mulch, compost, mulch and mulch to the soil. remove the plants from their pots after the first year.
decide if art is the right career for you. get a degree in art history. gain experience in the art world. consider moving to atlanta orSavannah, georgia. network with art professionals. decide what type of art you want to specialize in. decide how you will operate your art business. register your business name and obtain a business license through the department of revenue and taxation (dor) of the state of georgiana, if you choose to.
sign up for freelancing websites. build your network. join online journalist communities. find publications that you'd like to write for. build a website. pitch.
listen for growls that indicate dominance. listen for barks that indicate that he wants to be left alone. listen to his barks when he's in a good mood. pay attention to his growls when he wants you to leave him alone. be aware of his growl when he smells something unfamiliar. listen when he barks for pain. listen if he growls for a warning. notice if he makes a growl that means he's about to fight. notice when he makes an "ooh" growl. notice how he sounds when he goes to the vet's office. notice the growls.
don't throw a temper tantrum. keep your temper in check. don't push the "wrong" button. take responsibility for your actions. do what you need to do to get what you want. do your chores. consider your mom's point of view. try not to complain about your own problems. talk to your mom about the things that bother you. listen to her when she talks.
soft wash your roof. scrub the shingles with a bristle brush. mix bleach and powdered detergent. use a citric cleaning solution. spray the mixture on the roof. rinse your roof with a garden hose. remove tree branches or limbs. remove debris from your roof regularly. remove and replace shingle nails and tacks. apply oxalic acid to brighten your shingle. clean your cedar shingle roof every 2 to 3 years. finished.
go to http://www.microsoft.com/downloads. click on the "downloads" tab. select the language you want to download from the list. choose the version of windows you have installed on your computer. click the "start" button on the top right corner of the window. click "install now". finished.
make sure your windshield is wet enough. make sure the blades trail behind the wiper arm. soften stiff wiper blades. tighten the fasteners on the blades or wiper assemblies. remove any automotive surface protectants from your car.
preheat your oven to 350°f (177°c) and grease a 9 by 13-inch (22.86 by 33.02-centimeter) pan. cream the butter and sugar together in a large mixing bowl. beat in the eggs, then add the vanilla extract and chocolate syrup. mix in the flour, baking powder, and salt. add the flour mixture to the sugar mixture. stir in the chocolate chips, if desired. pour the batter into the prepared pan. bake the brownies for 35 to 40 minutes. let the brownie cool, then prepare the frosting. melt the milk, sugar, and butter in a saucepan over medium heat. pour in the melted chocolate chips. stir the mixture until it thickens. allow the mixture to cool a little, then spread it across the bottom of the pan. sprinkle the chopped walnuts over the mixture. serve thebrownies.
build your focus stamina. meditate. read. avoid multi-tasking. reflect on your work day. get a good night's sleep. eat a good breakfast every day. exercise regularly. get enough sleep. avoid multitasking. take breaks. get some exercise. take a break. do something you enjoy doing.
ask her if she would like to see your room. ask her to sit down next to you on your bed. show her something. make eye contact. don’t be offended if she says no. go in for the kiss. french kiss. move in for a deeper kiss. go for a more intimate kiss. don't be afraid to break the kiss barrier. end the kiss on a good note.
determine if a class action is appropriate. hire an attorney. get others on board. decide if you want to be a lead plaintiff. continue to cooperate with the class. gather information and evidence to support your class action.
decide on the size of the party. make a guest list. send out invitations. choose a theme. decide on the decorations. plan the food. schedule entertainment. plan games. create your own games. make your own playlist. make sure you have non-alcoholic beverages on hand. set up a designated area for guests to mingle. have a designated place for people to hang out. provide plenty of entertainment. make the party a social event. create a scavenger hunt. plan activities for the kids. clean up afterwards.
bake citrus peels in the oven. dry the peels and use them in a fire. make a potpourri air freshen.
turn off the fountain and remove the pump. remove the water from the fountain. bring the fountain into a sink or sink. scrub the fountain with a soft brush or rag. wipe the fountain down with a bleach solution to remove algae. clean the propeller of the pump in a sink. use a special product to remove hard water buildup. finished.
gather your materials. research different kinds of swords. draw an outline of your sword on a piece of cardboard. cut out your sword. make the blade and hilt. attach the hilt to the sword. check your hilt space. decide how you want your sword to look. decorate your sword with masking tape or duct tape. paint your sword, if desired. add a handle. add finishing touches, if necessary. use the sword as you wish. finished.
pick up the supplies you need. set up your home. introduce your new dog to the house. find a veterinarian. sign your dog up for an obedience class and dog training class.
check the weather forecast. walk your dog during cooler hours of the day. bring plenty of water. train your dog to wear dog boots. manage arthritic dogs’ pain. buy your dog a jacket.
use stencils to personalise your bread. make a stencil from an ordinary object, such as a baking rack or a wooden spoon. add flour or other toppings to the bread to leave a pattern or a silhouette. add the flour or toppings before you add the stencil to make sure that the pattern is even and even on the bread before you place it on the baking rack. finished.
be friendly, but not overly so. surround yourself with people who make you feel good about yourself. don’t isolate.
calculate your self-employed income. add up all of the income. take any necessary deductions. report other sources of income. deduct certain deductions. use a calculator. find your state’s formula. adjust the formula based on other factors. read your state law. get help from an accountant. meet with a lawyer. draft a complaint. file your complaint. serve notice on the other parent. attend the hearing. receive the order. file an appeal, if necessary.
figure out what caused him to get upset. admit that you made a mistake. determine why this particular issue upset him. decide whether you want to apologize in person or via text message. decide when to apologize. ask him to meet with you. avoid waiting too long. get right to the point. avoid excuses. accept responsibility for your actions. show him that you value his friendship. write him an apology letter or call him. listen to what he has to say. do not argue with him. give him time to process your apology. accept his response. ask for his contact information. be honest with him about your feelings. apologize to his family and close friends. be kind to your guy friend's family and friends. avoid gossiping about him to others. keep in touch with your guy friends and family.
keep your immune system strong. quit smoking. maintain a healthy lifestyle. get plenty of sleep. recognize the symptoms of pneumonia. know when to see a doctor. get vaccinated. stay hydrated. eat a healthy diet. exercise regularly. get a good night’s sleep. avoid exposure to germs. stay away from people who are sick. don’t smoke. avoid alcohol and drugs. avoid certain foods. don't smoke. take care of your lungs. get enough sleep. eat healthy foods. drink plenty of water. avoid smoking. get regular check-ups with your doctor. take antibiotics.
gather your scores. write out the total possible points. add up your total points. divide your points by the total number of points earned. convert the decimal to a percentage. understand your class grading scale. finished.
ask her how she feels about you. ask questions about love. ask her friends if she has feelings for you. see if she talks about you in front of your friends. pay attention to any signs that she is trying to impress you. notice if she looks good around you.
obtain some orthodontic wax. roll a small piece of wax into a ball. brush your teeth. dry the area with poking wires. apply the wax to the poking wire. be aware that pressure on the wire may cause discomfort. don't let the wax get into your mouth while you are eating or brushing.
make a list of all the bears you want to build. , buy or make a cake. make invitations. decorate the place. make a cd of their favourite music. make or buy a cake for each bear. make sure you have plenty of food and drinks. treat each bear like a king or queen. have fun with your build a bear, and don't forget to have fun, too!
ask your toddler to get ingredients. plan a menu. let your child set the table. have your child pretend to cook. let them help with the cleanup. allow them to open containers. keep things fun and positive.
don't worry about what other people think of you. focus on what you can do. be honest with yourself and with others. be conscious of your money. share your skills. get in shape. laugh more. stop worrying about what others think. stop comparing yourself to others. do what you want to do, not what others want you to do. stop trying to please everyone. do things that you enjoy. do the things you love. be kind to yourself. be a good listener. be an optimist.
be clever. be mischievous. be rebellious. learn how to read. learn a lot of subjects. learn to sew. dress like lyra. don't wear too much makeup. style your hair. act innocent and slightly rude. make a daemon. watch the movie or read the books to get a feel for how lyra acts.
talk to others with the job you want. join a professional organization in gerontology. consider continuing education courses. seek out internships in the field. volunteer in your community to gain experience and learn about other fields of geront.
open your iphone's contacts. select the person you want to call. tap the "call" button. start the call.
get to bed early. limit your exposure to light. practice relaxation techniques. sleep on your right side. use a body pillow. create a comfortable sleeping environment. avoid using your bed for activities other than sleep. write down your thoughts and feelings. set an alarm clock that wakes you up at the right time. put flowers in your bedroom. take a melatonin supplement in the morning. eat a healthy breakfast. avoid caffeine and alcohol before bedtime. get a good night's sleep. exercise regularly. get plenty of rest. avoid alcohol and caffeine before bed. avoid stimulants and depressants during the day. get enough sleep. practice good hygiene.
talk to your doctor. take preventative medications. take acute or abortive medications. try feverfew tea or tea.
take a square piece of aluminum foil. fold the foil in half. roll the square into a tube. make the bowl. fill the pipe. use your pipe.
get to know your market. target your message at the right time. test, test, and then test again. if you have a great message, then your prospects will respond to it. emphasize the benefits of your product or service over the features.
use pictures to teach words. teach the child to recognize real-life objects. use fixation to your advantage. teach a child to sort and divide things.
open the location where you want to create the folder. right-click on a folder. click file explorer. click new folder. type in a name for the folder and click.
review your rewards catalog. call your credit card company. contact customer service. redeem your rewards online. complete a redemption form. use your card to make purchases. transfer your reward points into cash. redeem gift cards. contribute your points to a financial account. shop online in the credit card’s online shop. redeem travel rewards into tickets and hotel stays. redeem points into a blackout on your travel rewards.
purchase a strong fishing rod. use a heavy braided fishing line. choose a variety of jigs to use.
dress up. make jewelry. make crafty things. do science experiments. write a poem or a story. use similes.
recognize the physical signs of anger. acknowledge how you are feeling. put a label on it. figure out what is making you mad. try to figure out why you are angry. talk to someone about it. try not to use violence. take a deep breath. take some deep breaths. use positive self-talk. try a calming activity. avoid using alcohol to control your anger. avoid getting into fights. avoid hurting yourself. avoid taking things too far. get help.
rinse your board right after you use it. wash your board with dish soap and hot water. dry your cutting board with a clean towel.
find the boss room. avoid its claw leg attacks. avoid the fire breath attack. shoot the spider’s eye with your bow and arrow. repeat steps 2 and 3.
use a non-abrasive cleaner to clean the plexiglas. use a product that is specifically formulated for the purpose of cleaning plexglas. purchase the product you have chosen for cleaning.
add two tablespoons of arrowroot powder and one tablespoon of baking soda. add a tablespoon of coconut oil and a teaspoon of butter. add one to two teaspoons of a good quality probiotic powder. add two to three drops of your favorite essential oil, such as beeswax or silica powder. consider adding a few drops of honey.
register with the red cross. choose a cpr training program. pay for the course. gather materials and supplies. take good notes. practice with a dummy. complete in-class activities. complete the course in one day. take the exam. find a course in your area. enroll in an instructor training course online. take your course. take a refresher course. complete your instructor training. get your certification. become a certified cpr instructor. take continuing education courses. maintain your certification as an instructor.
write down what you are afraid of. expose yourself to your fear. practice relaxation techniques. replace negative thoughts with positive.
remind your child that healthy doesn’t have to look a certain way. help your child avoid comparing themselves to others. support your child. avoid linking happiness with size.
cut the card in half lengthwise. place the card face down on a flat surface. fold the card lengthwise in half. trace the shape of a round object onto the front of the card. fold one end of the object in half and score it with a pencil. cut the object out of the folded card. score the object with a sharp object. trace a series of curves on the card along the curves you just made. cut along the lines you just drew. , cut along these curves to create a pouch shape. , fold the pouch in half along the top and bottom edges. , tape the two halves of the pouch together. , glue the pouch to the back of the gift. , place the gift inside the pouch. , wrap the gift in tissue. , give the gift as a gift.
say “no” to food you can’t eat. avoid alcohol at holiday parties. explain your pre-pregnancy diet. wash your hands and do not share utensils.
give yourself time to grieve. allow yourself to go through the grieving process. avoid making major decisions right away. write about the loss in a journal. ask for support from family and friends. join a support group. seek help if you have difficulty coping with your grief. talk to a mental health professional if you experience suicidal thoughts or difficulty sleeping or eating.
purchase a roll of concrete reinforcing wire. cut the concrete wire to size. bend the ends of the wire. hook the spokes together. cut away the horizontal ring on the lower edge of the cage.
open snapchat. swipe down anywhere on the screen. tap ⚙️. tap settings. tap account. tap notifications. tap the "notifications" tab. tap a notification group. tap save. tap done.
make a list of your obstacles. brainstorm alternate paths to your goal. make a plan. keep track of your progress. share your goals with others. break bad habits into new ones. visualize yourself after you've overcome the first obstacle. analyze your decision making.
choose a type of barley. purchase a bag of malted barley. choose a high-protein barley. wash the barley. fill a bucket with water. add the barley to the water. let the water sit for two hours. pour the water out of the bucket and let it soak for two more hours. remove the grains from the water and let them dry for eight hours. put the grains back in the bucket of water and cover it with another layer of water. , let the grains soak for another two hours and then drain them. , pour the barley back into the bucket. , cover the bucket with a sheet of plastic wrap and leave it in the sun for 24 hours. , check the germination. place the grains on a clean, well-ventilated surface. turn the grains every two hours to keep them from sticking. check the size of the rootlet. find a place to dry the malted grains. set the temperature for the drying process. take the malting bag outside. weigh the malt when it is ready. cut the bag in half and remove the rootlets. rinse the barley in cold water and pat it dry with paper towels. , cut the barley into chunks. toast the barley for an hour at 350 °f (177 °c) for a brown malt.
log into your skype business account. go to your account details. open the redeeming page. enter the voucher number. redeem your voucher.
measure the shaft of the boot. determine the height of the shaft. estimate a boot shaft based on style. measure the heel height.
open up a word processing program, such as microsoft word or excel, and type in "resume". , write down everything you know about yourself. make a new document. look at the company's job description, and see if there are any specific skills or qualities that the company is looking for in an employee. write down any skills you have that are relevant to the position you are applying for. add any skills that are not directly relevant to your prospective position, but that you think the company would be interested in. be sure to include any special certifications or certifications.
write a letter to the congregation or board of directors of the congregation. create a list of your ideas for running the library. keep track of the progress of your library. set up a place for the library in your community where you will store all of the materials that you plan to loan out. create an area in the library where you would like to keep all of your books. begin by choosing books that you want to borrow out. make an index card holder for each book that you have decided to loan. make a schedule for when you will loan out the books and how often you will take them out. keep a record of the due dates of the books that have been loaned out and the due date on the index cards. keep the library card holder in a safe place where it is easy to access and can be easily accessed by all members of your congregation.
apply for a scholarship from the hsfa. apply for a grant from the american institute of higher education. search for scholarships and grants at google.com/anitaborg. look for grants and scholarships at other organizations.
open imessage. find the person you want to start a chat with. click on their name. start a conversation. send the person a message. wait for the other person to respond to your first message. continue the conversation as you normally would.
choose the right boots. wear the right clothing. wear a safe helmet. wear appropriate clothing. use safety equipment. ride safely. make sure your horse is safe. check your tack. keep your cinch tight. hold the reins correctly. use a mane strap. have someone nearby if you fall. keep an eye on your horse. stay calm. stay on the horse's level. stay in the same spot at all times. stay off the ground if you get hit by a car.
get the right equipment. sit as low as possible in the canoe. sit in the front or back of the boat. grab the paddle with both hands. start paddling. pull the paddle forward in a straight line. bring the paddle back to the surface when the blade reaches your hip. cross-paddle if you're paddling on the opposite side. switch sides every few strokes to get a feel for the rhythm of the water. practice your strokes. keep your eyes on the water as you paddle.
go to the gorgon maze on the left side of the map. go to the right. go through the clearing to the left. follow the red arrows on the map to get the first memory. go down the pathway to the end of the maze. go back to the main map area of the original mission. go left. go towards the pillar with the red light on its right side. , go forward past the pillar until you reach a small hole in the wall. , jump into the hole and jump out. , keep jumping until you land on the platform in front of the pillar. , continue down the path. , find the pillar on its left side. go forward. find the second ghost. jump through the hole. jump down to the platform. go up the ledges that lead to the vault of glass. , collect the memory. head down the new path. jump towards the portal. collect the ghost memory. defeat the boss of the hydra boss. go past the boss and defeat him in the chest. head back to gibbyfam and talk to her in the tower hanger. talk to the war cult representative, lisa. lisa, in her tower, will give you the not forged in light quest line. complete the nte quest line to complete the alternative ending. , talk to lisa again to finish the no time to explain.
prepare your body. eat a good breakfast. apply baby oil. get a good night's sleep. take a nap if you need to. set a timer. prepare mentally. warm up. make a race plan. make sure your boat is in good working order. when you wake up, make sure you have everything you need. when the race starts, do your best and have fun!
prepare yourself. take slow, controlled breaths. match the gait of the person you're following. move slowly. be still.
use relaxers sparingly. condition your ends. moisturize the ends of your hair. do not use a blow dryer. avoid heat damage to your hair by blow drying your hair too often.
insulate your attic. insulate your basement. seal your basement windows. weather-strip doors and windows. seal the fireplace flue. seal windows and doors. check your dryer vent. check that your furnace is properly ventilated. , make sure that your air conditioner is properly installed. , check to see if your air conditioning unit is functioning properly. check for other leaks in your home.
try thumb-pulling. try rolling the nipple. try nipple-sucking. use cold water on your nipples.
watch your cat’s behavior. choose stairs if your cat can use them. look at the height of the steps. make sure the steps are deep enough. buy a ramp when your cat begins to have trouble walking. consider stairs if you cat has a history of avoiding stairs. choose the right slope for your cat. choose a carpet that is easy to walk on. ensure that the stairs have rails. look for signs that your cat is losing its vision. consider the height.
bring a pot of water to a boil. remove the copper from the boiling water. scrape or brush off the crud.
identify pemphigus vulgaris. recognize the presence of the absence of oral lesions. look for the formation of keratinocytes in the skin. be aware that this is an idiopathic disorder. identify pem phigus erythematosus. recognize pemophigus aacantholysis. identify gluten induced enteritis or celiac disease. identify isolated lupus. identify other skin disorders.
determine the current market value of the asset. determine how much you could sell the asset for. determine the asset's market value over the next one to two years. estimate the cost of the acquisition. determine if the asset could be immediately sold after the purchase. assess the financial health of the company involved. negotiate a price for the asset with the seller.
take the child to the doctor immediately if you suspect that the child has mrsa. follow the doctor's instructions for treatment. seek immediate hospitalization if the child's immune system is low. if the infection spreads to the bloodstream or lungs of the child, the doctor may recommend hospitalization. bathe the child with bleach to prevent the infection from spreading to others.
sign up for a free account. access the “basic missions” page. read through the first mission. take your time with the first challenge. check out the forums. talk to other users. view the web page source. find the password. enter the password in the code. read the story on each mission. solve the story. help other people. learn the concepts behind the concepts. try to solve the questions. try the easy questions first. do the hard questions next. use your common sense of humor. don’t be afraid to ask for help.
learn about hormonal acne. recognize the symptoms. learn how hormonal acne occurs. understand the causes of acne.
wash your mouth with mouthwash. wash your hands. clean your piercing. clamp down on the piercing with your teeth. twist off the bead. remove the lip ring. rinse your mouth and clean your lip piercing again.
stay hydrated. stay active. eat a healthy diet. avoid drinking alcohol. take a zinc supplement. use a home detox kit or other product to remove cocaine.
have a good time. keep a calendar. avoid distractions. don't procrastinate. do your work as soon as you get it. work with friends. ask your friends for help and help them do their work. know that your grades are the most important thing in your life and your future.
decide what you want to learn from the maze. choose a basic design for your maze. decide how complicated you want your maze to be. start drawing your design. start with a flat piece of cardboard. draw out your design on the cardboard. construct the walls. attach the walls to the cardboard with hot glue. add a reward to the maze, if desired. place the maze in the right place.
preheat your oven to 400 degrees fahrenheit (204 degrees celsius). place the acorn squash in a roasting pan. cut the squash in half lengthwise. separate the halves. scrape the seeds from the hallow of each half. place the squash halves into a baking pan. drizzle some oil into the bottom of the pan. brush the squash with oil. add the other half of the squash. bake the squash for 20 to 25 minutes. remove the squash from the oven and let it cool for 5 to 10 minutes before serving it.
write down what you want your story to be about. come up with a plot line. use your imagination. go outside and walk around in the rain. read other people's stories. listen to music. make sure you're in a quiet place. find a quiet, dark place to write in. write in a journal. turn off the lights. write about something that is sad or sad in your life. use a thesaurus. use full stops, commas, and ellipses in your writing. don't let the idea of saving the world consume you. write your story and let it become a best of your ability.
decide what kind of egg you want to buy. decide whether you want chicken or organic eggs. buy eggs from a farm that is certified organic or free range. read the label on the egg. check the julian date on the packaging.
purchase transparencies. remove the cleaning sheet from the transparency package. load the transparency one sheet at a time. finished.
preheat your oven to 400 degrees fahrenheit (205 degrees celsius). prepare your pears. make the apple juice sauce. add the butter. drizzle the sauce. bake the pear.
heat the oil in a large, heavy-bottomed saucepan over medium-high heat. add the garlic to the oil and sauté for a few seconds. sieve the rice through a fine-mesh sieve into a large bowl. add 1/2 cup of water to the bowl and stir. bring the mixture to a boil over high heat. reduce the heat to a simmer, cover the pot, and simmer for 10-15 minutes, or until the rice is tender. remove the pot from the heat and allow the rice to cool for 5-10 minutes. , check the rice with a fork to make sure it’s done. finished.
use an antifungal cream. use a vaginal cream. try boric acid. use medical mouthwash. talk to your doctor about other oral medications.
complete 45 post-license educational hours. complete 12 hours per year of continuing education. consider becoming a broker if you are in the market.
take a small amount of food. eat foods high in folic acid. increase your iron intake. get enough calcium. choose healthy vegetable options. limit the amount of processed sugar that you eat. avoid alcohol if you are trying to become pregnant. bring a mint or a piece of gum to the party.
open a new excel workbook and create 3 worksheets: data, chart and saves. set your preferences under the excel menu. create the defined variables. enter the column headings in row 1 of the data worksheet. format cells in row 2 as follows: a1: a; b1: b; c1: c; d1: d; e1: e; f1: f1 c; g1: goal; h1: h1 0. , in cell a1, enter the equation =(pi()/b2^2)/((pi()*b2*2)-1) -- d2: a guess at the value of b.r. in cell b2, enter =πr^2. enter in cell c2, the product of a*b. enter 9 in cell d2 as the first part of c. this is what we want a to equal. subtract f2 from g2. calculate the difference between f2 and h2. make use of helper articles when proceeding through this tutorial: see the article how to create a spirallic spin particle.
choose a vase. attach the hex nut and flat washer to the nipple. attach a lamp adapter. twist the locknut onto the top of the adapter. put the lamp coupling on top. insert the lamp pipe into the coupling. push the end of the pipe through the center hole in a lamp harp saddle. tighten the set screw on the socket cap. separate the lamp cord wires. wrap the wires around the interior lamp socket. tighten both screw heads. snap the cover onto the harp. slide the lamp onto the saddle. screw the bulb into the socket. insert a lampshade into the bulb. use the finial to secure the lamp shade. finished.
prepare ahead of time. draw up a plan. give yourself enough time. decide where you will live while you move. decide whether you will buy a house or rent an apartment. decide how you will pay for your move. consider the cost of living in your new country. make sure you have enough money to pay for the move. find out if you need to apply for a visa. apply for your new passport. find a way to get your old passport back. get a visa for your children. get the necessary visas for yourself and your family. make arrangements for your pets. pack up your belongings and start moving.
learn to recognize hunger. think about what you eat and drink. make your meals more filling. eat breakfast every day. don’t eat quickly.
preheat the oven to 400 degrees fahrenheit (204 degrees celsius). prepare the squash. roast the squash mixture. cook the pasta. sauté the sage. add the squash and pasta to the pan.
reduce your calorie intake. eat more often. avoid processed foods. eat a variety of healthy foods. stock up on healthy snacks. increase your fruit and veg intake. drink plenty of water to keep your body hydrated.
find a comfortable place to study. avoid caffeine. eat a healthy snack. set your alarm. gather your materials. read your textbook. skim the material. study efficiently. read the material out loud. make flashcards. study in short bursts. get up early in the morning. get a good night's sleep the night before. get to the test early. start with the easiest questions first. skip the easy questions. skip multiple choice questions. don't worry about the essay. take a practice test. study for the test. review your notes. get ready for the exam. relax. take deep breaths. relax and have a positive attitude.
understand why you need to trace the debtors. make sure that you know the reason why the debtor is in debt. , make sure you have all the information about the debtor that you need. , if you don’t have the information you will need to contact the debtor and ask them to fill out an order form. , do a credit check on the company or people you are dealing with. , get the debtor’s name, address, phone number, email address and phone number. if you have not received a response to any of these then it is time to take action. find out if the debtor still lives in the area where you live. send a “letter before action” to the debtor. if the debt is still not paid after three months then you must contact a debt collection agency. if all else fails you will have to use system based trace work. get on the phone and start asking around. remember that you are in business with people.
understand what expungement does. find out if you can expunge your conviction. check if your state allows expunged felonies. wait for the waiting period to end. gather necessary documents. fill out the required forms. file your forms. serve the forms on the appropriate parties. attend your hearing. attend the hearing. ask the judge to explain why he/she denies your request. reapply if necessary. finished.
lie down on a fitness mat. crunch to your side. flip over and repeat on the other side of your body.
apply for a real estate broker certification in california, new york, or virginia. apply for certification in your state. obtain a license. market your services. network with other real estate agents. consider moving to a city with a high real estate market.
do an alternating bicep curl. do a hammer grab with dumbbells. do seated arm exercises with weights.
ask the child’s teachers and childcare providers for ideas. check out the library. search online. do a google search for learning games for toddlers. use descriptive words to narrow the search. search the results. go to a toy store for ready-made games.
read the warranty agreement carefully. make sure that the item in question is covered by the warranty. follow the manufacturer's maintenance schedule. look for extended warranties. be aware of the nature of the problem. ask the seller or dealer if they will provide you with factory replacement parts. talk to the manufacturer about the product. contact the manufacturer directly if you are still not satisfied with the company's response. write a letter to the dealer or seller if you still have not heard back from the manufacturer. research the product thoroughly. be prepared for a long-term battle. do not be afraid to take legal action if the manufacturer does not take action to resolve the issue. document the problem as soon as possible.
preheat the broiler to broil. drain and rinse the tuna. combine the tuna, shallot, mayonnaise, lemon juice, parsley, salt, and pepper. toast the bread and tuna. broil for several minutes.
try an over-the-counter (otc) stool softener. take a prescribed laxative. start a bowel program. take your medicine as directed. see your doctor if constipation persists.
open your iphone's settings. tap general. , tap storage. tap videos. , scroll down and tap count videos.
go to google maps. sign into your google account. view your saved maps. select the map you want to add a pin to. zoom in or out of the map. add a marker to the map for the pin. save the changes you’ve made. add the pin’s icon. choose your icon. click the save button.
open itunes. press and hold ctrl or ⌘ command on your keyboard. press down on the spacebar. hold down ctrl/⌘ cmd and press ⏘ command. click on the song you want to select. repeat the process.
put together a mood board. draw a floorplan of the room. choose paint colors for the walls. choose lighting. decide what furniture you’d like to keep and replace. make a shopping list. go shopping for new furniture and accessories. prepare the room for the makeover. set up the new furniture. add accessories and furniture to the new room. decorate the room with accessories. clean the room regularly.
pour the sassafras mead through a sieve into a strainer. , leave it to cool overnight. strain the mead. pour the meads into bottles. , serve. drink it. finished.
find a container to fit your supplies. bring an agenda or planner. pack extra pens and pencils. make sure you have a calculator. include a stapler, ruler, sticky notes, dividers, and other office supplies. include some scrap paper and notebooks.
combine the kewpie mayonnaise, sriracha sauce, lime juice, and masago. taste and adjust.
understand what consent means. make sure she is legally able to give consent. check for physical signs of consent. make a move on her. ask her if she wants to do it. be patient.
gather your supplies. put on proper safety equipment. attach the tubing to the rubber stopper. prepare the container. submerge test tubes in water. add hydrochloric acid to the flask. add the zinc or zinc pellets. collect hydrogen. test for hydrogen.
write the whole number as a fraction. multiply the numerators and denominators of the fractions to get the numerator of your answer. divide the denominators by the denominator. simplify the fraction, if necessary.
raise your voice. slow down your speech. pronounce your words clearly. practice deep breathing. control your pitch. practice vocal exercises. practice reading aloud. practice speaking in front of a mirror. listen to other people's speaking. speak in a clear, even tone of voice. speak slowly and clearly. speak clearly and clearly with confidence. smile.
consider the style of the room. consider the color of the picture. decide on the frame type. consider how big you want the picture to be. decide how much space you want between the picture and the frame. choose a color. get a mat. measure the mat. cut the mat to size. cut a hole in the mat for the picture, if necessary. tape the picture into the frame and mat. gather your materials. paint the frame, if desired. attach the frame to the mat, if needed. add any finishing touches. hang the frame up. add a picture to your wall or bulletin board.
recognize the symptoms of coccidiosis in kittens. look for symptoms in young kittens and cats with weak immune systems. recognize symptoms in older, sick cats. know that these cats will not show signs of illness. diagnose the disease. understand the life cycle of the parasite.
determine if you’re too sensitive. warm up some olive oil. add essential oils to the oil. pick up some of the solution with an eyedropper. apply the oil to your ear. repeat the process two to three times a day. irrigate the ear if necessary. see your doctor if the olive oil doesn’t work.
have good personal hygiene. be confident. be clear about what you want. be considerate of hotel staff. treat others with respect. use more than just their accommodations service. choose the right hotel. be polite. be helpful to the staff.
go to the start menu and click on "all programs.", go to the folder you want to edit. , get the info about the folder. copy the folder image. paste the image. save the file to your computer and then open it.
evaluate your own interests. think about your happiness. evaluate your enthusiasm. talk to a career counselor or career counselor about your interests.
teach kids how to maintain good balance. teach kids proper running technique. use agility ladders. develop a consistent running routine. make sure kids are able to recover from a run. work on core strength and strength conditioning.
keep your rabbit clean. use a clean litter box. clean the litter box at least once a week. keep the cage clean. take your rabbit to the vet for regular check-ups. clean your rabbit regularly. do not bathe your rabbit. keep your rabbit indoors as much as possible. finished.
decorate your mantle with candles. dress up plain white candles. use glitter to decorate plain candles. decorate pillar candles with conversation hearts or glass marbles. make a floating candle vase. finished.
use a purple shampoo. install a filter on your shower head. apply toner to your hair. spray your hair with tap or filtered water before swimming in the pool. use an acidic hair rinse if your hair begins to take on a greenish cast after swimming.
acknowledge that fear is normal. identify your fears. understand when fear makes sense and when it doesn’t. make a fear ladder. think about the worst-case scenario and imagine how you’re going to respond. face your fear head-on. use visualization to help you overcome your fear. practice relaxation techniques. talk to a trusted friend or family member about the fear. get help from a mental health professional. find a support group. talk with a therapist or therapist. consider taking an anxiety medication.
wear sunscreen. protect yourself from the sun. stay out of the sun as much as possible.
acknowledge the source of your negative emotions. consider your body. don't fight the emotions. feel the emotion. change the way you think. stop worrying about the future. look at your choices. take a deep breath. get some exercise. talk to a friend or family member. take some time to think about the situation. talk about it with a therapist or counselor.
open wechat on your computer. click the "new chat" button. click a contact's name. click open chat. click +. click video call. wait for the call to connect.
clean the inside of the microwave with soap and water. mix 1/4 cup (60 milliliters) of baking soda with 1/2 cup (120 ml) of warm water in a microwave-safe bowl. wipe down the microwave's interior with a damp cloth moistened with water and white vinegar to remove the odor.
make sure you're using the correct version of word. create a new equation. insert an equation. install an equation editor add-in (if necessary).
learn about current events. offer to teach her something new. share something that you are interested in. learn a new recipe.
obtain a bachelor's of social work (msw) degree. apply to an msw program. select a field of focus. complete at least 900 hours of field work. complete an extended period of supervised work. find a supervisor. complete the required hours of work. take your state's licensing exam. apply for and pass your clinical license exam. register for the national board exam. take and pass the state board's certification exam. wait for your state to issue a new license. register with the national social work board (nswb). apply for jobs in your area of interest. search for jobs. complete informational interviews. prepare for your interview. attend the interview. complete a background check. take the exam. submit your application and pay the required fee. wait to receive your new clinical license and certification.
do a standing pushup in suspension. do a seated hip hinge. do an upright pushup. try a clock press. try an incline pushup and bend.
purchase a worm bin. make a four-tire wormery. place your worm bin in a warm, well-ventilated area. add bedding to the bin. choose your worms. feed your worms a high-quality fertilizer. water your worms regularly. fertilize the worms. keep your worms away from harmful chemicals. watch out for signs of illness. harvest the worms when they are about 4 inches (10.16cm) long. remove the worms from the worm bin regularly.
put your dog in a single room. let your dog out more often. give your dog an indoor option. get a dog sitter. provide your dog with more space. use doggie diapers to manage your dog’s accidents.
understand the pass line. understand the come-out roll. understand what happens when the shooter establishes a point. learn about the odds bet. understand how to play the don't bet. learn the house edge. learn how to place a come-don't-roll bet. know how to make a pass line bet. place a bet on the (don't) pass line at the beginning of your turn. play a round of craps. play craps until the dealer runs out of dice or the game is over. keep playing.
know when to use buttermilk. know what to use it for. know how to store it.
wait for the right time. choose a container. wash the container. put your dog on a leash. take your dog outside. wait for your dog to urinate. place the container in the urine stream. cover the container with plastic wrap. take the container to your vet’s office. store the urine sample in a cool place. ask a friend or family member to help you. have a staff member take the sample. ask your vet to perform a cystesis. have your vet perform a urinalysis if necessary.
pay attention to itchiness in your abdomen. look for a rash. pay attention to abdominal pain. notice a sudden loss of weight. watch out for gagging and difficulty breathing. check to see if you have blood in your stool if a worm has hooked itself into your intestine.
open reality factory. click on the 'new' button. , click on 'create new'. , click 'create a new room'. , choose a texture. click 'add texture'. click 'customize template'. click the cylinder icon. change the x and y sizes. click the blue dot in the top right corner of the screen. , select the rmb and mmb icon. click ok. in the bottom right hand corner, click the player setup icon. select the 'move' icon. press 'enter' to move the player. move the blue dots. press enter again. , move the bottom of the player's feet. preview your new room. press ok to save your work. , go back to the top left hand corner and click the 'play' button to start the game.
attach the top and bottom of the genie together. add a refill to your genie. close the lid. roll up your baby’s diaper. insert the dirty diaper. unhinge the top from the bottom. cut the liner and secure it with a knot. dispose of the dirty diapers. tie a knot at the end of the new liner. pull out 18 inches of liner. flip the top over and press it back into place. clean your diaper genie at least once a week. invest in a diaper deodorizing filter. use a carbon-based filter. replace the liner regularly. clean and replace the lid as needed. finished.
toast the bread. get the plate ready. spread the peanut butter on the toast. add a little honey or maple syrup, if you like. cut the toast into quarters or quarters and serve. , enjoy your delicious peanut butter toast.
create wrinkles. dye or dye your hair gray or white. wear thick-rimmed glasses. carry a cane or walker. wear flashy jewelry. fake a hearing aid. carry around a large, unstructured bag.
gather as much food as you can. learn to grow your own food. hunt and trap for meat. move to the country. set up solar panels and windmills if you don't already have them. purchase weapons if you haven't already done so. be prepared.
wait for the driver to get into his or her vehicle. turn on the windshield wiper and wait for it to turn on. apply the first color of each color to the wiper blade. add additional colors to the driver’s side window. allow the colors to dry for at least 30 minutes. turn the windshield wiper back on and apply the next color. , repeat with the remaining colors.
identify the source of your stress. practice positive thinking. exercise regularly. eat a balanced diet of fruits and vegetables rich in omega-3 fatty acids, omega-4 fatty acids and omega-5 fatty acids. practice relaxation techniques like yoga, meditation or deep breathing. avoid stress-inducing factors in your daily life.
learn all of link's moves: l--canceling (r/l): link's l is one of the most useful attacks in the game. l--b: link's b is the most powerful of his attacks and is used for almost everything. z, up-b: z is link's most powerful attack, and can be used in almost any situation. d, down-a: try to get your opponent to the edge. dash grab: link is a very weak character in the air. edgeguarding: link has a weak attack time when he is on the ground, making him/her vulnerable to attacks. air combo game: the air combo is the key to link's success in most of the game's games.
go to http://www.itunes.com. sign in to your itunes account. tap "my account" at the top of the page. tap the "redeem" button. enter the 16-digit code on the back of your credit card. enter your new balance. browse the itunes store to find the item you want to buy. pay attention to the price of the item if applicable.
go to http://www.etsy.com. click on the "create a fashion set" button on the top right corner of the page. , create your set. create an account. register. create your fashion set. finished.
decide what type of teaching you want to do. obtain the right credential. gain experience in the field.
wear blue. paint your car blue. vote for police officers. donate to police charities. support the families of police officers killed on duty. support laws that protect police officers from being attacked.
figure out your learning style. form a study group. ask for help. set goals for yourself. choose classes that interest you. participate in extracurricular activities.
visit the google contacts page. scroll down to the "people" section. click on a social profile you'd like to influence your search results. uncheck the box that says "this is a profile page about me". log out of google.
go to http://www.namechanger.com. download the file. install name changer. start Quake 3. , run name changator. select the colors you want to use. customize your name. save your Quake 3 character name.
eat foods that are rich in antioxidants. eat foods rich in flavonoids. drink cabbage juice. drink cranberry juice. eat white sweet potatoes. eat honey. take licorice extract. eat bananas. cook with olive oil. eat a bland diet. avoid alcohol. avoid spicy foods. avoid tobacco. talk to your doctor about taking nsaids. avoid taking anti-inflammatory drugs (nsaids). avoid alcohol and caffeine. reduce your stress levels. take vitamin c. vitamin c is a powerful antioxidant that helps the body digest calcium. take magnesium supplements. take a multivitamin d supplement. get enough vitamin e. vitamin e is an antioxidant that can help protect your stomach lining from damage. get plenty of vitamin k. vitamin k is an important nutrient that helps your body absorb calcium. get more vitamin d. vitamin d can also help your body to absorb calcium, which is important for the lining of your stomach. take zinc supplements. consider taking vitamin e supplements. try herbal remedies. take probiotics and supplements.
drink water with your coffee. cut out sugar and milk from your coffee drink. add less milk to coffee.
contact a land surveyor. get an appraisal done on your property. perform a title search. consider consulting an attorney. send a letter to your neighbor. set up a meeting with your neighbor to discuss the boundary dispute. discuss the results of any survey, appraisal, or title search you have done. request that your neighbor complete his or her own assessment of the property in dispute. negotiate a resolution to the dispute. draft a written agreement. file your agreement with the court. have your neighbor served. receive your neighbor's response. consider hiring an attorney to represent you. participate in mediation. attend any final pretrial hearings. finalize your agreement.
gather your materials. put on your dress or skirt. pin the corners of your saree together. wrap the saree around your waist. tie the pinned corner to the other corner. create a loop with the bottom and top corners. put your right arm through the loop and adjust the loop. adjust the dress as needed. add any optional accessories. finished.
read the plaintiff's complaint. review the purchase and sale agreement. review any correspondence or correspondence. gather evidence of the breach. identify procedural defenses. identify affirmative defenses. draft your answer. file the answer. serve a copy of the answer on the plaintiff. file a motion for summary judgment. prepare for trial. appear on your court date. make your opening statement. cross-examine the plaintiff’s witnesses. present your own witnesses. testify on your own behalf. deliver a closing argument. wait for the verdict. appeal, if necessary. consider next steps.
love your job. work for the company, not yourself. don’t be afraid to ask for help and guidance.
download compression software for windows. create a new zip file. add the files that you want to compress. enter a password. use the terminal to create zip files.
open the hood of your car. locate the master cylinder. look for signs of water in the reservoir tank. check the brake fluid level. check your brake fluid levels. inspect your brake lines for deterioration or corrosion.
practice speaking in front of other people. pay attention in class. come to class prepared to answer questions. feel confident and positive.
learn to read nonverbal cues. pay attention to her body language. look at her posture and body movements. watch for physical responses. ask her how she feels.
decide whether or not you want to raise a cow as a pet. decide what you want out of your cow. decide how you want your cow to be used. make sure you have enough space. do your research. confine your new pet. feed your cow properly. keep your cow healthy. breed your cow according to her breed. get your cow vaccinated. groom your cow regularly. clean up after your cow every day. know when to put your cow out to pasture. know what to do when your cow is in heat. be aware of the signs that your cow needs to be put to sleep. watch for signs of illness. be prepared for the cow to give birth. know the signs of sickness. be ready for the death of a cow that has been milked.
open the uber app on your mobile phone. sign up for uber using your paypal account. tap “register for uber.” you will be taken to the uber sign-up page. , enter your personal information. tap the “get started” button on the top right corner of the screen. enter your payment information. wait for the confirmation code to be sent to your phone. open the uber mobile app. , tap the gear icon at the bottom of the menu. , select “where to?”. , choose an uber vehicle. view the ride details. get a fare estimate. select a destination. select your pickup location. choose your driver and book your ride.
take a deep breath. get some space. distract yourself. write about the problem for twenty minutes. try to see the problem from your brother's perspective.
launch google play. install the viber app. launch viber. tap on the menu button (☰). tap on “viber out.” this is located on the upper-right corner of the screen. , tap on "add credit or debit card.", select a payment method. select a credit ordebit card. tap “continue”.
choose a color theme. choose a single item to make the pants from. make a pair of black pants. make two pairs of black jeans. make one pair of brown jeans. add embellishments to the black jeans, if desired. , add embellishment to the brown jeans if you want to make them look more like the other pair. , try on the black pants and decide if you like them or not. wear the jeans with pride. finished.
heat the olive oil in a paella pan. sauté the onions and bell peppers. add the garlic and cook the mixture for 2 minutes. add in the squid and cook for three minutes each side.
make sure all of your pups are well fed and carry them to your den. defend the pups from predators. feed your pup when they get hungry. find a good den. swim until you find a shallow spot in the water. take care of any pups that die. continue to defend the rest of the way until you reach the end.
stretch your upper body. stretch your arms out in front of you and put your hands flat on the floor. do a backbend and a bridge stretch. do the snake or seal stretch. try the butterfly stretch. stretch out your arms and legs by doing the snake stretch. , do the seal stretch, which is a stretch where you lie on your back.
talk to your vet. keep your horse’s feet well trimmed and balanced. maintain an appropriate weight for your horse. watch for signs of pain and injury.
choose one type of breyer model to collect. collect horses made from the same mold. consider collecting horses from different molds. try collecting horses based on a specific breed. collect limited-edition horses. collect models based on your interests. look for models in stores and online. order models directly from the breyer website. buy model horses from used-goods websites. attend a breyer show. decide how much you want to spend. learn as much as you can about the model's value. consider buying a model that has become valuable over time. check the status of the model. inspect the model for damage. buy the model from a reputable seller. store the model in a safe place. display the model properly. keep the horse in a cool, dry place. store your collection in a dry, dark place. finished.
use a hearing loop. try a personal amplifier. use an fm system in the classroom. try an infrared system in movie theaters and courtrooms.
take deep breaths. try not to react to the person. put yourself in the person’s shoes. develop a few stock lines to end the conversation. practice good self-care. set boundaries for yourself. stay detached from the person in certain situations. focus on the positive. respond in a non-aggressive way. separate yourself from the annoying person. avoid the person when you can. take a break from the situation if you cannot handle it. seek professional help if you are still having a hard time.
make sure that your blog has at least 5 posts. make sure that you have a minimum of 5 posts in your blog before you submit it for submission to google. add a few more posts to your blog to make it look more like a real blog. finished.
practice good hygiene. wear makeup, but don’t overdo it. have something that makes you stand out. practice posing in front of a mirror. build a portfolio. know your measurements. make a comp card. join an agency. go out there. if you get a call or email from an agency asking you to be a model, accept the assignment and go to the next photoshoot. , if you got the job, congratulations!
listen to your cat’s meowing. listen for purring. never pick up a hissing or growling cat.
get a shovel and a grizzly. fill the grizzly with gravel and shake it through the holes in the stream. get a gold pan and submerge it in stream water. shake the pan and inspect it. look at the bottom of the pan. use a magnet and tweezers to pick up small pieces of gold if you find them.
join the edu-chat. use edu chat to get feedback on your lesson plans. join an edu group.
purchase a bike basket. change your seat material. add different colors to your bike components. change the shape of your handlebars. add streamers.
identify the first element of your occupation. prove that you possess the property. demonstrate that you are exclusive and continuous possession. meet with a lawyer. perform a title search. locate the appropriate court. get a blank petition form. format your own petition. insert the petition. add a caption. insert a signature block. create a certificate of service. file your petition. serve notice on the defendant. read the defendant’s response. file a motion for summary judgment. serve a copy of the motion on the squatter. prepare for trial. appear on your court date. present your case. listen to the other side. receive the judge's decision.
learn how to slice fruit. learn the bonuses. learn about the different blitzes. know the special bonuses. know about the bombs. know what to do at the end of the game. look up more bonuses.
go to http://www.bttv.org/ and click on the "video capture" tab. , select the video you want to capture. select your video card. click the "start" button. , follow the prompts to start the video capture. follow the instructions to capture the video. , wait for the results.
blend together yogurt, milk, ice cream, and natural sweeteners. add green food coloring. blend in ice cubes. pour into a glass and serve.
avoid using flavored lip balm and chapstick. use a fragrance-free toothpaste. drink plenty of water to flush out your system and cleanse your skin.
ask your child's doctor if he or she has adhd. find out if your child has any of the following symptoms of adhd: attention deficit, trouble focusing, hyperactivity, trouble sleeping, trouble with concentration, trouble concentrating, trouble socializing, attention deficit or hyperactivity. , get a diagnosis from your doctor. get a prescription for the medication. be aware of the side effects. give the child the medication at the right time of day. watch out for side effects such as dizziness, dizziness and lightheadedness. ask your child if there are any side effects that they are experiencing. consider switching to a different medication. consider stimulants as a last resort.
fill a spray bottle with fabric paint. , squeeze the paint out of the bottle. apply the paint to the fabric with the tip of a paintbrush. use a flat shader brush or a scrubber brush to paint clean lines and fill in large areas. , choose your brush type.
choose fresh asparagus. wash the as paragus. trim the bottom third of each spear. cut the aspar vegetables into pieces or whole. boil a pot of water. prepare an ice bath. blanch the spears in the boiling water. plunge the spears into the ice bath after blanching. dry the spears thoroughly. lay the pieces out on a baking sheet. freeze for one hour. store in freezer-safe containers. thaw before you use it. use the asParagus in soups and casseroles. add it to a soup or casserole.
prepare your silk for painting. create a taut surface for your silk painting. place your frame on a flat, flat surface. apply a resist to the silk. paint the resist. apply your silk paint or dye. set the color. iron your silk. wash the fabric. dry the silk with a dry iron set to the "silk".
eat right. prepare healthy snacks. eat the right kind of calories. eat throughout the day. drink lots of water each day.
assign a project based on the core subjects to be learned. create a rubric for each step of the project. assess the project’s effectiveness after the group project. ask your students to evaluate their performance in a group project at the end.
decide what kind of food products you want to sell. write a business plan. obtain the necessary licenses and permits. purchase or rent a mobile kitchen service. find a location to park your mobile kitchen. obtain a permit to sell your food products on the property of a local business park. apply for a business license with your city's department of health and safety. , register your business with the appropriate government agency. , apply for an employer identification number (ein) with your tax authority. register with your state's food safety and health department. , open a bank account with your local bank. , obtain a federal tax id number. , file your business paperwork with the relevant government agencies. , hire employees. , advertise your business. , set up a website and social media presence. , market your business to potential customers. , start selling!
combine the ingredients. spread the frosting over your dessert. use a spatula to distribute the frost.
exercise. talk to a friend or family member about how you are feeling, and ask for help if you need it. consider talking to a therapist about your cgd. if you are having suicidal thoughts, talk to someone you trust. find ways to remember your loved one, but don't be preoccupied with thoughts of them. find new ways to live in the moment.
cut the tulle into 12 equal lengths. fold the pieces of tulle in half lengthwise. divide the pieces into thirds. tie the pieces together. take your bust measurement. measure your waist measurement. cut two pieces of elastic. attach the elastic bands to the bust and waist bands. wear a dress or bodysuit in a color that matches your tulle. pin a safety pin to each tulle bundle. try the dress on. pick up as many bunches as you can. fluff the bunches with your fingers. cut the top of the loofah. wrap the rope around your waist. tie a knot in the bottom of the rope. secure the rope to the waist and bust bands. slip on the dress. add the rest of the accessories. wear the costume.
explore the route of the charles river walk. find a spot along the esplanade to sit and enjoy the view of the river. rent a kayak, canoe, or canoe if you don't have access to a boat. participate in a race along the charLES river. walk, run, bike, or take a bike along the chicago river walk, if you want to get a feel for the natural beauty of the area. take advantage of the paths and walkways. finished.
breathe deeply. avoid responding with anger. remember that anger is a natural response. use assertive body language. watch for lapsing.
make a caprese salad. drizzle on top of soup. make a breakfast sandwich. steam vegetables with basil oil. finished.
make sure you have a sword. don't go in with a sword!, stay away from the explosions!, use your shield!, don't get into an accident!, look around before you go into the area you're in.
preheat your oven to 350°f (177°c) and lightly grease a 9-inch (22.86-centimeter) round cake pan. grease the bottom of the cake pan with nonstick cooking spray. whisk together the flour, baking powder, salt, and baking powder in a large mixing bowl. add the butter, sugar, and vanilla extract to the bowl. whisk in the eggs, one at a time. pour the batter into the prepared cake pan, and bake the cakes for 20 to 25 minutes. let the cakes cool, then frost them. make the frosting. spread the frosted cakes on a plate, and top them with the rest of the frostings. serve the cakes while they are still warm. finished.
know when to start silaging. know when to cut the crop. use the right equipment. know how much moisture to use. know what kind of machinery to use for cutting the crop with. use a swather for large-stemmed crops like corn and oats. use swathing for small-cereals like barley and oats for silage. know where to put up the silage pile. put the pile in the right location. put up a layer of silage plastic. cover the pit with silage bags. store your silage in the bunker.
totoast the brown rice in a frying pan over medium-high heat. spread a thin layer of rice on the pan. place the pan on the stovetop and toast the rice. remove the pan from the heat and allow the rice to cool for a few minutes. measure out the amount of rice you wish to brew. prepare the tea. add the rice and green tea leaves to the tea sieve. add hot water to the water. allow the tea to steep for approximately three minutes. pour the tea into a cup or mug. serve immediately.
identify safety hazards in your home. keep your furniture the same. clear the walkways. cover sharp edges with bubble wrap. block access to the stairs. use non-slip strips on stairs. spray the area with a scent. use floor mats and carpet runners.
put your hair up in a bun or ponytail. , cover your head with headbands. style your hair.
be comfortable in your own skin. take care of your body. be hygienic. be confident. be a gentleman. don't be afraid to ask a girl out on a date.
mow lawns. mow the lawns of your neighbors. rake leaves and other yard debris. shovel the snow. clean out gutters and gutters. help harvest the crops.
gather the materials needed to make the fairy's body. make the head of the fairy. make a body for your fairy. attach the body to the head. add a hook for the fairy to hang on. add some feathered ribbon to the fairy (optional).
go on a free tour of navea. help laura open her bakery. buy some matches from matchstick seller wendy. help delivery person mcArthur. deliver a package to aunt dana. patrol the area. help out an annoying girl and a drunkard. go to the craftsman karnes. talk to private training officer leroux. go back to the fight club. beat up a private assistant. beat down a private officer.
have your friend appear in court for an arraignment. help your friend pay bail. hire a bail bondsman. have your friend sign a “signature bond.” a signature bond is a release bond. release your friend.
dip your fries in ketchup. try dipping them in your favorite condiment. dip them in a tartar sauce or aiol.
know the rules of moshing. dress appropriately. know the type of music you're moshing to. be aware of your surroundings. be prepared to get hit. have a good attitude.
use the same method as for backing, but instead of backing with 4 footfalls, only two are used. pivot on the hind near leg. start by pivoting on the inside of the horse's hind leg, and work your way up to the outside of it.
enable bluetooth on your blackberry. select the media files you want to move. send the files using bluetooth. select your android from the list of detected devices. transfer the files. open the file.
go to the wondershare tunesgo website. download and install tunesgo. run the installer. launch tunesgo and sync your itunes library. sync itunes and galaxy.
saute the vegetables. combine the sauteed vegetables with the marinara sauce and mini-meatballs. roll the dough into ovals. add the mozzarella and filling. seal the mini-stromboli. season and bake the mini stromboli before serving.
use an enzyme neutralizer to get rid of pet urine smells. spray the affected area with club soda. pour club soda on the carpet and let it fizz. rent a carpet cleaning machine if necessary.
sign up to volunteer online. show your support. go to a campaign office. get trained. volunteer where you’re needed. show up when you say you will.
decide what you want your room to look like. decide on a theme. choose an accent colour. paint the walls a solid black. paint your bed a solid white color. get a bed in the same colour as your walls. get an antique side table. get some furniture. buy a bookcase. buy some bookshelves. add a nightstand. add some rugs. add curtains. hang some pictures of you and your family on the wall. hang pictures of your family and friends on the walls. have a couch in the middle of the room. have an armchair in the corner of your room. put a small table in the room next to your bed. , get some curtains. add any other items you think you might need. put your favorite things on the couch. finished.
gather your supplies. determine the appropriate diameter. buy the appropriate adapters or couplings. turn off the electricity to the pump. determine where to place your check valve. cut the discharge pipe. smooth out the edges of the pipe. fit the valve into the gap. secure the valve. seal the points of contact. clean the area. test the valve first.
create a profile of your character. sketch your character’s face. describe their physical features. use metaphors. list their personality traits. describe how they dress and act. describe what they do in their environment. write dialogue about their thoughts and actions. describe the way they move and act in the setting. describe where they go and what they eat and drink. write about how they interact with others. write a short story about their relationship with their partner. describe your character's hobbies and interests. show, don’t tell. avoid cliches. avoid clichés. read your work out loud. proofread your work. share your work with a friend or family member.
evaluate the gossip. understand the gossiper’s motivation. respond to the gossip appropriately.
understand the risks of porn. make sure you are 18 years of age or older. understand the pay scale. know where it is legal to act in porn in the united states. consider moving to a major city. don’t expect to be a star overnight. be willing to work hard.
spend more time with your friends. expand your social circle. get more involved in your community. take care of yourself. get in shape. find a new hobby or hobby. don't lose sight of your old ones. relax.
get the clothes. dye your hair red. get the eyes. wear your hair up in a ponytail or ponytail. wear high heels. wear flats. wear makeup. wear costumes. learn to sing. dress up in costumes. have a good sense of humor. be happy. be friendly. flirt. eat a lot of food. show your emotions. be a klutz. get a best friend. have an awesome bedroom. love stuffed animals. be affectionate. be creative!, be a little bit of a rebel. be fun to be around. have fun with your friends, and don't be afraid to make fun of yourself.
use a reward system. cut off a binky at the end of the day. cut the binky every other day. use a model. make a "binky fairy" out of your child's favorite cartoon character. send your child out to find all of the binkies in the house, and tell him to bring them back the next day. give each child a "toy-toy" in exchange for a toy.
make two copies of your .torrent files, one for windows 7 (ie. go to your downloads folder (e.g. create two torrent folders, one to keep a copy of all your torrent files (ie, c:\users\yourname\downloads). download and install belvedere. open the program. , click the + button in the top left corner and select "options/ preferences/preferences/general". , go to the "general" tab and click the "advanced settings" button. , under the "extension" tab, click the box "is" and type "torrent" in the blank field without the quotes. under the drop-down menu choose "copy extension is torrent" and browse to your "c:\torrents\7" folder. make another copy for windows xp to use. go back to the original .tor Trents folder you created earlier. make a second copy for your windows 7. create a third copy of windows 7 for use with windows xp. make one last copy of the original for your "7" and "xp" folders. set the rules for each of the steps. click "ok" to save your changes. , open utorrent. check your settings again and make sure each rule is enabled. test your setup. download a .torTorrent file from your 7 folder to your orig folder. finished.
talk to a therapist about cognitive behavioral therapy (cbt). try hypnosis. ask your doctor about biofeedback for bruxism.
bake the pizza on a skillet. reheat the pizza in a waffle iron. add new ingredients to your pizza.
read as much as you can. educate yourself. create a personal brand for your business. don’t use a capture site. recruit a friend or colleague to join your team. find a mentor.
know the restaurant's hours. call the reservation office to request a reservation. make a reservation online. make your reservation as far in advance as possible. be flexible with your reservation time. pay for your reservation. cancel your reservation if you are unable to get one. check the internet for other ways to make reservations.
gather your ingredients. peel and slice 6 large red peppers. combine the tomatoes, corn, onion, red beans, and red beans in a bowl. add the cheese, olives, basil, garlic, and seasonings.add 3/4 cup meatless spaghetti sauce and 1/2 cup water to the mixture.place the ingredients in a slow cooker.place 2 cups of cooked brown rice in the slow cooker and add the remaining ingredients.add the stuffed peppers and cook them for 1 hour on low heat.add 1/3 cup of cooked rice and cook the peppers for another 1 hour. stir in the spaghetti sauce mixture. add 4 tbsp. serve. finished.
open your iphone’s settings. tap privacy. tap location services. slide the location services switch to the “off”
grow your poinsettias outside. take cuttings from your existing plants. grow them in a pot of compost. decide when you want them to flower. choose a spot to grow them. set up your lights. set the lights to the correct time of day. place the poinsetia in the light. leave the plant in the nursery until it has fully flowered. after the plant is fully flowering, take it out of the nursery and put it in the sun for the rest of the season. take care of the plant after the season is over. finished.
create an installation log in case of failure of an installation process. create a log after installation error. create an installation error log. log after a failure of installation process: in order to start logging follow these steps: open the registry editor (start – run – type ‘regedit’ (without quotation marks) and confirm ok) find the key hkey_local_machine\software\microsoft\windows\currentversion\setup\loglevel and set the value to 0x0000FFFF.
use latex caulk for indoor projects. use acrylic latex for indoor jobs. use silicone caulk if you're dealing with harsh conditions. don't mix different types of caulk. use only one caulk at a time. use a caulking gun for small jobs. clean your walls and baseboard thoroughly before caulking. remove any obstructions from your work area. let the caulk dry completely before applying it. apply caulk to the baseboards first. apply the baseboard first. caulk the rest of the wall. let it dry completely. remove excess caulk from the walls. apply a sealant. finished.
backup your old phone's data. enter your new device's serial or imei number. sign in to the my sprint website. click the "phones" tab. select the line that you want to activate your new phone on. click "activate phone". enter the serial number or ime number for your device. click .ok. contact sprint if you can't activate.
gather your financial information. decide how to split expenses. calculate your income. cut unnecessary expenses. draft a separation agreement. ask for alimony, if necessary. talk with your spouse. pay off joint debts. close joint credit cards and bank accounts. establish a new bank account. open a separate checking and savings account. change your passwords and passwords. get a new credit card. apply for a mortgage. pay your bills on time. pay bills on your own. get an insurance policy. buy a car. buy health insurance for your home.
consider your child’s risk factors. watch for signs of intoxication. recognize signs of alcohol abuse. pay attention to behavioral changes. look for symptoms of withdrawal. get help immediately if your child shows signs of dependence. watch out for academic problems. keep an eye out for trouble at school. notice changes in behavior at home. notice how your child spends his or her money. notice whether your child is hanging out with new friends. look out for lies. notice mood swings. notice a loss of interest in school, hobbies, and extra-curricular activities. notice signs of memory loss. watch your child for sleep problems. notice suicidal behavior. notice the risk of suicide. recognize that alcohol abuse can lead to mental health problems. recognize the link between alcohol and mental illness. know that alcoholism is a serious health problem.
choose a bunch of baby’s breath with a long stem. cut off all of the smaller bunches. tape small bunches of baby's breath to the stalk. bend the stalk into a crown.
teach the horse to walk and trot. work on trotting and cantering. try cantering in a circle. try trot-haltting from the canter. lengthen the time you canter in the circle, and shorten the trot in between. do figure-eights. do a figure-eight. do the same thing with canter-to-trott, but with the opposite lead. try the same with the other lead. get the horse moving off your leg. get your horse to flex his neck for turning. get him to canter on his haunches. get a good, balanced canter from the roundpen.
launch skype. click on the “skype” icon from the menu bar at the top of the screen. take a screenshot of the chat window.
put on your t-shirt. tuck your arms into the sleeves of the shirt. fold the neckline of the t-shirts neckline down. fold and tie the collar of your shirt over your head. tie a knot at the top of the collar with a piece of string or string. slip the rest of the sleeves into the shirt of your ninja costume. put on your mask and wear it with pride. , finished. finished.
set aside time to write a new poem a day. create a space in your home or at work for writing. get rid of any distractions in your space.
preheat the oven and prepare a baking sheet. slice the sweet potatoes in half and microwave them. drain and cut the sweet potato halves into wedges. oil and season the wedges and roast them. roast the quick sweet potato wedges until crispy.
use general delivery service. try escapees mail service. use other mail forwarding services. have your mail delivered to a ups or fedex store. ask a friend or family member to help you collect your mail before you leave on your trip and have them collect it for you before you go on the road.
take care of your skin, teeth, and hair. dye your hair. choose a hairstyle. choose makeup. keep your nails simple and clean. dress for the season. buy quality clothing. buy clothes that fit well. choose accessories that show off your skin. buy on sale. don't lie about what you're worth. buy a nice car. get a nice pair of shoes. invest in a nice purse. buy some nice sunglasses. get some nice accessories. get the right hairstyles. be well groomed. have a good sense of style.
tie your scarf into a loop and put it on your jacket. tie your scarf in a cape look. wrap your scarf around a belt. wear your scarf as a bandana or a kerchief. tie a scarf into your coat or cargo pants for a casual, casual look. wear a scarf with fringed ends for a more casual, yet stylish, look. finished.
open the master page. open the master pages pane. add a picture frame. add the watermark. format the frame.
introduce yourself to the customers. be polite and courteous. don't get involved in the customer's conversation. keep physical contact to a minimum. offer advice, but don't be condescending. be knowledgeable about the menu. repeat the order to the customer. check in on the customers frequently. ask about the customers' experience. get to know your customers. ask the customer if they are in a hurry. ask if the customer is satisfied with the food. offer to make the customer a drink. make sure the customer has everything they need before leaving the restaurant. thank the customer for their time. give them a tip receipt.
maintain a healthy weight for your dog. exercise your dog on soft surfaces. talk to your vet about pain management medications. give your dog vitamin c supplements. ask your vet if your dog needs additional medications to prevent further joint damage. finished.
drink alcohol in moderation. get a good night's sleep. don't skip meals if you're hungry.
assemble the items needed to complete the project. cut the ribbons to the desired lengths. place the first row of ribbons at the back of the pinboard. repeat the previous step with the remaining ribbons. weave the last row of ribbon through the top of the back. attach a hook to the end of the ribbon to hold the ribbon in place. hang the finished pinboard from the wall or attach it to a hook set. done.
download and install screendash!, click on the 'capture screen' option. click on 'open file'. , select the type of screen you want to capture. save the screen you just captured. share your screen with your friends.
join a sports team. join a club. volunteer. focus on being an active student. read a lot. get creative. trust your instincts. spend time with your family. talk to your parents. don't talk to people you don't know well. stay out of trouble when you're supposed to be in trouble. stay away from drugs and illegal substances. stay in control of your temper. stay on top of your studies. get a good night's sleep each night.
check the ingredient list if your cat has food allergies. avoid foods that claim to be “grain-free.” grain-free food is a lie. avoid starchy vegetables. avoid organic food claims.
tell the nosey person where you're going, what you're doing, why you're there, and how long you'll be there. if you're on the phone, pretend like you didn't hear them. if they ask you questions about your personal life, be vague. don't give out sensitive information. tell them as little as possible about your private life and business. challenge them if you don't want to talk about it. ask them to respect your privacy.
wash your hair. squeeze your hair dry. comb out any tangles. apply a product to enhance your waves. scrunch your hair with a microfiber cloth. use your fingers to comb out the waves. dry your hair naturally or with a diffuser. finished.
get plenty of rest. drink plenty of fluids. flush your sinuses with a neti pot or syringe. inhale steam. run a humidifier while you sleep. apply a warm compress. eat spicy foods. drink herbal tea. quit smoking. take an over-the-counter (otc) decongestant. see your doctor. get a corticosteroid injection. see a doctor. take antibiotics. consider allergy medication. consider surgery as a last resort.
learn some basic manners. learn how to greet people in maltese. learn to count in maltese. try making conversation with a native maltese speaker if you’re traveling.
listen to the music of the sixties. learn about the history of the hippie subculture. read about the greats of the 1960s and 1970s. learn to laugh at yourself. be open-minded. be a part of the new generation. be yourself. don't be a hippie just yet.
download and install adobe photoshop. open adobe illustrator. create a new document. change the width and height of the id. set the resolution. select an image to use as the background for your id. copy and paste your background image to a new layer. use free transform (control + t) to change the size of the background image. add the person's face. add personal information. add a signature to your id (optional). finished.
boil a pot of water and bring it to a boil. add a few tea bags to the boiling water. place a clean cloth over the floor. wipe down the floor with the damp cloth and wipe down with the tea-soaked cloth.
learn about your period. know what to expect. buy a pad or tampon. keep a pad, tampon, or menstrual cup with you at all times. keep your period supplies handy. know when your period is coming.
get a bottle of clear school glue. squeeze out a spoonful or two of glue from the top of the bottle. pour some of the glue into a small jar. add a few drops of glitter. add some food coloring, if desired. close the jar tightly, and shake it to mix the glitter and glue together. squeeze the glue out of the jar, then shake the bottle to mix it up. add more glitter, if needed. use the glitter glue to draw designs on wax paper.
decorate the table with flowers. arrange the flowers in an interesting way for an easter.
choose a type of slaking. choose a status problem or poison orb to give slaking the status problem. give the slaking a flame or toxic orb to hold. , give it a poison or burn orb. , use slaking with one of the following moves: flame or Toxic orb - increases attack and defense by 1. , slaking can also use the following: bulk up, pursuit, double edge.
level up. get lots of money. level up your attributes equally. find a good weapon. get a good pet. get friends. use potions. memorize the patterns of attacks of the boss.
pick the right setting. ask about his childhood. find out about his education and career. ask him about his hobbies and interests. be a good listener. share things about yourself with him. allow for moments of silence when you don’t speak.
don't surprise the cat. don't corner a cat that is fearful. allow the cat to leave a stressful situation on its own.
store loose batteries in a safe place. keep devices out of reach. kid-proof devices. check toys for batteries. supervise your child’s play with toys. teach your child about the dangers of batteries.
acknowledge your mistakes. apologize to those you've hurt. make amends to others. learn how to communicate clearly.
decide how much soda you want to cut out. use a calorie counter. figure out what you're getting from soda. try coffee and tea. find alternatives to soda. drink water. drink a glass of water before you drink soda. replace one serving of soda with water. find a drink that’s not soda. keep working up to it. stop drinking soda completely. enjoy soda occasionally. don’t let yourself fall back into bad habits. satisfy your cravings. make a list of your reasons for avoiding soda. think about how you’re going to deal with caffeine withdrawal. drink plenty of water. take acetaminophen to combat headaches. eat foods high in vitamin c. vitamin c can help your body adjust to the lack of caffeine.
research the countries you plan to visit. decide how long you want to travel. decide where to stay. choose your mode of transportation. get a visa, if necessary. decide on a currency. check the electrical standards for your electronics. make sure you have enough money for your trip. make a checklist of everything you need to take with you on your european trip.
use the bathroom right away. use towelettes instead of toilet paper. limit distractions in the bathroom. wash your anal area with warm water.
determine what data you want to communicate with subscribers. create an event arguments class. create a public class named eventnameeventArgs. declare a public event handler delegate. declare an event event that will notify subscribers of the change in data and pass it to the event name eventArgs class instance. write the event-firing method for your event. test your event to see if it is working and make sure it works.
draw a circle shape on a piece of cardboard. trace your pattern on leather. cut out your circles. punch holes in your earrings. use an earring.
decide if you want to re-design your toddler’s bed or create it. decide what type of toddler bed you want. choose a paint color palette. choose your paint colors. select a bed cover or duvet. choose pillows. decide on a design style. apply the paint to the bed frame. clean the area where the bed will be placed. paint the frame. add decorative decorations to the frame of the bed. add a foot and head board to the side rails. add side rails to the head board. add the foot rails. attach the head and foot board. put the bed in place. put your toddler to bed. finished.
visit a ski resort. go to a spring baseball game. visit vegas. go on a road trip. camp in a tent or at a campground. visit a big city. volunteer in a foreign country.
talk to your doctor about your vision disorder. decide how you want to approach the discussion. talk to your staff. ask for your employees’ help. discuss accommodations with your doctor. don’t be afraid to ask.
choose a no break. choose a slight break. try a medium break. go for a full break. wear pants that are a bit out of style.
get away from the animal. clean the wound. allow the wound to bleed a little. stop the bleeding. cover the wound with a clean bandage. keep the wound clean and fresh. watch for signs of infection. get medical attention if the bite wound is severe. get a tetanus shot. get stitches. watch out for other symptoms of a serious bite wound.
give an early warning. be specific. explain why you need time off. ask how your work will be taken care of. determine if you are entitled to a leave of absence. ask your employer how productivity can be maintained during your absence. give helpful suggestions. request an absence from your university. ask for a student visa. request a temporary student leave.
reduce your weight. quit smoking. reduce your caffeine intake. cut down on alcohol intake. reduce the amount of stress you experience.
visit the government’s sales website. go to a privately-run website. search for auto auction websites. look at trade magazines. check with your local police department. contact your bank or credit union. find a local seller of repossessed or previously-owned cars. check out used cars at a used car lotion. identify what you’re looking for in a car. identify the reason the car was seized. inspect the car. get a carfax report. learn about the downsides of buying a car at auction. determine how much you want to bid. find out if you need a pre-approvaled loan. look for a good deal on the day of the auction. bring a friend with you. attend the auction yourself. pay attention to the auctioneer. make a bid. get the best price. close the deal.
prepare yourself mentally. set boundaries with your friends. set your phone to “do not disturb” mode. move.
call or email friends ahead of time. plan a social activity with friends. call or write loved ones.
work hard. look for new opportunities to show off your skills. be your own best critic. manage time.
place the oatmeal into a bowl. put the oats in a blender. pour the milk into a sieve. add the oat milk to the blender. add a pinch of salt and pepper to the milk. use the milk!
look for physical signs that you are attracted to the person. tell the person about your attraction to them. do not take it personally if they do not reciprocate your attraction.
talk to your doctor about surgery. take medication to reduce your gh levels. consider radiation for any remaining tumors.
get alison's hairstyle. be hygienic. stay in shape. dress like alison. be prepared. take care of your skin. do your makeup. get your hair done. get the attitude. be confident. have a sense of humor. don't be afraid to be a little crazy.
don't let him see your feelings for him. don't put him on a pedestal. if he asks you out on a date, don't tell him you're not interested. if you do go out on dates, do it in a casual way. comfort him when he is upset. tell him how you feel.
ask your doctor about antiviral medication. avoid taking ibuprofen or aspirin. do not remove the scabs or scratch the blisters. apply cold compresses to the affected area. give your child a cool bath. apply calamine lotion or baking soda to the area if the itching doesn’t go away within 24 hours. finished.
choose the right toothpaste. brush the toothpaste into the jewelry. rinse the jewelry with warm water. repeat the process with a clean, soft toothbrush. clean the jewelry as often as needed.
make sure your boat looks its best. clean your boat thoroughly. consider making any necessary repairs in advance. give your boat a fresh coat of paint. treat any rust. wax the boat. open the windows and hatch. keep your paperwork organized. prepare a bill of sale. notify the proper authorities. advertise your boat online. include photographs of the boat in your listing. don't mention any specifics about the boat's condition. be honest about the price you're asking for your boat. be willing to pay a seller's premium. make sure the boat is in good working order. be prepared to pay the seller's commission, if necessary.
use a sulfate-free shampoo. use moisturizing products. spray your hair with a moisturizing spray. avoid direct sunlight. dry your hair gently. use a wide-toothed comb instead of a brush. go to a professional salon. avoid letting your hair get too long. take care of your body as well.
determine if you are eligible. determine if you fall into one of four categories. show that you would face hardship if you were deported. make sure you have been in the us for at least 180 days.
let your parents wake you up with a fever. take your temperature. when your parents come in, you have no choice but to run to the bathroom!, when you get back, ask your parents for help.
choose a headband style. brush your hair. decide if you want a part or not. place the headband where you want it to go. put the head band on.
set up the problem. find the cube root of the first set of three numbers. pull down the largest perfect cube. subtract the value of 23{\displaystyle 2^{3}} from the first number. draw a vertical line to the left of the radical sign. write down the remainder of the divisor. calculate the first part of the solution. multiply the next part by 1200. add the two parts together. repeat the previous two steps until you reach the desired cube root. write the final answer. solve the final problem.
know that if you're new to the game, you'll need to learn how to play the game. , make sure you have enough time to play. if you don't know how to beat the first few levels, don't worry about it. try to solve the first puzzle. tackle the final boss.
complete your coursework. take the required exams. work with your academic advisor to select a research topic. develop a research plan. identify sources for your research. conduct research. write your dissertation. write a thesis statement. write an introduction. write the body of your dissertation and introduction. create a table of contents. provide a title page. write body paragraphs. write conclusion paragraphs. revise your dissertation for clarity and length. submit your dissertation to your university for publication. publish your dissertation in a timely manner.
examine the color of the spark plug. look for black soot on the surface of the plug. check for oil-fouled spark plugs. examine for overheating issues. determine if the plug is severely worn. disconnect the battery. pull the plug wire from the base. clean the area around the plug holes. remove the plug from the socket. choose the right spark plug for your vehicle. remove any debris from the plug hole. insert the new plug into the hole. connect the plug to the positive and negative ends of the battery cable. replace the plug in the correct socket.
get the taurus demon to come out of the guard tower. get to the bridge. get the snipers to start shooting you at the same time. get your teammates to shoot the taurus demon. watch the resulting scene.
visit the business with a physical location. reload the card online using a credit or debit card, wire transfer, or bank transfer.
chop the almond bark into small pieces. set up a double boiler. place the top pan on top of the smaller pan with the water. melt the bark over medium to high heat. finished.
buy clothes that fit. choose colors that flatter your body type. stick to the basics. invest in staples. don't be afraid of trendy pieces. start with the basics and build from there. take care of your hair and face. be confident in who you are.
do not punish your shih tzu after an accident. clean the affected area thoroughly. be patient with your dog's training.
know how to take a punch. know how to kick. know what to do with your elbows. don’t panic.
let them do it on their own. maintain a positive attitude. use suggestive words. create a potty schedule. accept your child’s bathroom preferences. go shopping with your child. use a rewards system. reward your child after they use the potty. read to your child before potty training. watch potty-training videos. talk about the process. use positive reinforcement. be patient. be consistent. be persistent. don’t give in to peer pressure.
choose the plants you want to grow. decide if you want seeds or plants. choose a spot to plant your plants. plan your rows. loosen the soil. plant the seeds. cover the soil with mulch. put a layer of mulch on top of the soil if you have not already done so. water your plants regularly. fertilize your plants and keep them healthy.
be prepared for the consequences. choose a good time to talk. be prepared for their reaction. listen to their responses. leave them alone. give them time to adjust. act the same as you always have. consider talking to a counselor.
wear clothing that will cover the bruise. apply makeup or makeup to the area. wear a statement necklace or earrings. wear interesting accessories.
understand what uv lamps can do. choose an "mp" uv lamp. consider an "uv-b" lamp. learn about other types. install the lamp.
purchase a jellyfish tank. keep the temperature of the tank between 65 and 75 degrees fahrenheit. add nitrifying bacteria to the water. maintain a high salinity level of water. feed your jellyfish a variety of foods.the jellyfish are omnivorous, so they need a wide variety of food to stay healthy. reduce the amount of live food you feed them.
gather your supplies. cut a short, squat jar out of a sheet of red tissue paper. wash the jar. cut the tissue paper down to the size you want the lantern to be. paint the inside of the jar with mod podge. cover the entire neck of the container with red tissuepaper. paint another layer of tissue paper over the top of the first layer. continue covering the neck and neck with tissue paper until the entire jar is covered. cut off the excess tissue paper, and trim the top off. consider painting the neck black. decorate the lantern. place a tea light inside the jar, and light it up. finished.
open the google play store. tap the search bar at the top right corner of the screen. , type in “google maps”. , tap the magnifying glass icon next to google maps. , scroll down to the bottom of the list of apps. select the app you want to update from the list.
think about the order of events in your story. write the beginning and middle of your story first. read your story over and over again. write your story down as much as you can every day. take notes on what you see around you.
take out the arms. remove the claws. take out the legs. pull out the tail. pick out the main body. find the roe. look for eggs.
calculate the numerators and denominators of the two fractions. divide the first fraction by the largest number that can go into each number. simplify the second fraction. multiply the numerator and denominator of the fractions by the greatest common factor. write your final answer.
choose the right baby wipes. hold your rabbit in a comfortable position. wipe away any debris or dirt from the fur.
breathe deeply to deflate your stomach. practice "hiss singing" to improve your ability to inhale and exhale deeply. practice breathing in and out slowly to increase your lung capacity. catch yourself when you're trying to breathe too deeply.
read the instruction manual carefully. assemble the headboard and footboard. fasten the stabilizer bars. attach the spring frame to the footboard and headboard. install the drop side of the crib. add the bun feet and casters to the legs. install drawers at the bottom of the baby's crib, if desired.
look for a cloud that is roughly the same size as your fist. identify a low level cumulus cloud. locate a stratocumulus cloud in the sky. identify an altocumul cloud. find a high altitude cloud. compare the sizes of the two clouds. identify the high altitude clouds.
make sure that you have two fences that are the same length. make sure that the posts are the right size. place the posts on the opposite sides of the fence. set the posts in the concrete overnight. fill in the intermediate post. mark the position of each post. cut the posts to size. attach the top rails. drill holes in the pipe. drill a 1/4” hole in the end of the 56” pipe at the top of the post. drill another 1/8” through the wall at the bottom of the wall covering the top rail. assemble the pipe and connectors. secure the pipe to the wall. assemble your grommets. roll or fold the cover. tie the cover to the fence using the ropes. pull the cover all the way over the framework. repeat the process for the other end. finished.
choose a title for your abstract. list the authors of the abstract. proofread your abstract before submitting.
decide where you would like to hang your picture. mark the top of the picture with a pencil. mark where you want the center of the painting to be on the wall. measure the distance between the top and the hanging wire. measure down from the pencil mark and mark the place where you will place your nail. hang the picture.
decide what you want to do with your medical certification. look for opportunities to travel. get your work visa. get immunizations. learn the local language. notify your boss and colleagues. book your flight. book a place to stay. pack for your trip. prepare for the trip. be aware of your surroundings. prepare yourself for the flight. get to your destination. take care of your medical needs. get settled into your new environment. get used to your new surroundings. learn about the local culture. get involved in the community. enjoy your new home.
shop around for used designer clothing. shop at thrift stores and flea markets. check out outlet stores. look for sales of designer clothing that have been out of style for a long time. check the internet for designer boutiques. try online auction sites. have a swap party with your friends to get rid of some of the designer clothes you no longer want or no longer wear.
sit on the floor with your feet shoulder width apart. bend your knees and put your hands on your hips. stretch out your front leg. stretch your back leg. repeat steps 1, 2, and 3. practice.
make a vinegar and oil conditioning solution. rub the conditioner into the leather. allow the sofa to dry overnight. buff the leather the next day.
pack healthy snacks. make or buy a sandwich. pack a thermos of soup. choose foods that are easy to snack on the go. choose minimally processed foods.
make a movie and bake a cake. listen to a song. cook something with your friend and exercise. dare your friend to do something random. make a dance routine out of a song and dance.
begin with the schrödinger equation. rewrite the equation as a linear differential equation. define the wavefunction of the particle in a box. solve for v(x)=∞{\displaystyle v( x)=\infty }. write the solution as a time-independent equation. substitute the wave function into the general equation. solve the equation for the time-dependent wavefunction. rewrite in terms of the quantum mechanics standard. rewrite as a one-dimensional quantum system. write out the solution to the equation of the one- dimensional particle in the box. set up the quantum system in position space. write down the solution for the two-dimensional system in time space. rewrite and solve for the three-dimensional particle in box.
sand the surface of the wood. purchase a wood sealant. apply the sealant to the wood with a paintbrush or sprayer. work in a well-ventilated area. allow the wood to dry completely. apply a second coat of sealant, if necessary. choose the right type of wood. let the wood cure for several days before using it in your home.
make sure you have everything you need. find magazines or newspapers that you like to read. go through the stack of things you have on your desk. cut out the pictures you want to keep. fold the paper in half. tape the corners of the pictures to the paper. place the picture on top of the paper and tape it in place.
find a large box or birdhouse. fill the box with tubes. cut the tubes to size. pack the tubes inside the box. hang the ladybird hotel in a shaded area.
go to the google voice website. call your cell phone. access the phone system. dial the international number. check your balance and view your credit card.
understand the concept. get two large clay pots. fill the bottom of the largest pot with sand. place the smaller pot inside the larger pot. pour cold water into the sand. wait for the water to evaporate. cover the rims of the two pots with a wet towel.
make asi ball. hold thesi ball in your left hand. , hold your right hand out in front of you, and your left in back. make thesi spear. change the shape of the si ball to make it more or less powerful. use the psi spear to your advantage.
brush your hair. comb your hair gently. pull your hair back into a high ponytail. wrap the ponytail around your head. twist your hair into a rope. wrap your hair rope around the base of the bun. secure the bun with pins. spray your hair with hairspray if you want to keep the bun in place and keep it in place.
listen to your instincts if you suspect you have met an emotional predator. recognize the warning signs of a dangerous and pathological relationship. consider the following signs of emotional predators: the man who is "just about" to leave a prior relationship, has been with multiple women, and has a history of multiple relationships. consider whether the man is emotionally needy. consider if the man has an addiction or a permanent clinger.
have a group discussion. set up a one-on-one discussion. allow your loved one to help pick out the doctor. keep your tone calm. keep a journal. help the person live independently. learn how to react to a psychotic episode. understand that schizophrenia is a brain disease. watch for changes in behavior. look for signs of depression. notice changes in eating and sleeping habits. pay attention to the person’s moods. notice if the person is having trouble concentrating. watch out for delusions. recognize the signs of a panic disorder.
make a mint schnapps and menthe-infused cocktail. make a minty menthe and peppermint Schnapps cocktail. try a menthe mint and bailey's menthe cocktail. give a mint menthe tequila a try. make an iced menthe milkshapps and chocolate ice cream cocktail. consider making a half-and-half menthe.
admit that you’ve done something wrong. apologize to your parents. ask for their forgiveness. make amends.
take note of any lower body aches you experience.one of the most common symptoms of chlamydia is pain and swelling in the lower body. look for a sore throat and/or sore throat.if you recently had oral sex with your partner, be aware that this could be a risk factor. check for a fever if you feel nauseated.
don’t answer the phone right away. add yourself to the do not call registry. report the telemarketer to the federal trade commission (ftc) or the federal communications commission (fcc). ask them where they got your contact information. ask to be removed from their call list. provide them with an email address to avoid future calls.
decide which emulator you want to use.click the start menu and select "run" → "run as administrator".click the "download" button.click "install". double-click the installer file.double-click "retroarch" in the installer window. click "install" to install the installer. launch the retroarch installer.click .browse for your system. click the "play" tab.select your system from the list of available emulators.click install. find the rom files for your emulator. create a folder for your rom files. click .add game files. double- click the rom file in the folder you created.select the game file that you want. click play.click start in the emulator window.
keep your eyes on your assailant. exit the area quickly. negotiate. assume a non-violent position. passify dialogue. know when to expect an attack. let your assailant know that you are not going to back down. let them see that you're not afraid to fight back. make a show of it. keep your guard up. dodge the punch. don't get hit in the face.
choose a publishing platform. read the terms of service. check if there is a free version of the book. differentiate your book. analyze the book for copyright protection. check the copyright notice. keep up to date on publishing requirements. create an account with each vendor. upload your book to the platform. include information about the book in your title page. choose a price point of sale. include a description of the work. provide contact information. include your contact information on the back of the ebook. submit your ebook for sale.
add the printer to your list of available printers. use the printer wizard to find the printer you want to add. add the printer manually. use system preferences to find printers that are already installed on your computer.
talk to your boss or human resources department. find sample letters. use a business letter template. be polite and professional. state that you're resigning your position. keep it short and to the point. proofread your letter. mail the letter. ask to speak with your boss. follow up with an exit interview. accept your new job offer.
find a flat, flat surface to play on. make two goal posts. set up a sheet of paper to keep score. start the game. get the football to your opponent’s side of the field. score a touchdown. kick a field goal or field goal to get extra points. fold a piece of paper in half to make a football. fold the paper.
stand with your feet shoulder width apart. bend your knees slightly. swing your hips to the right with your right foot. slide your upper torso to the left. repeat the motions on the left side. combine the moves from the right and left.
wait for the right time. dress to impress. listen more than you talk. be confident. use confident body language. choose a pick-up line that's not too sleazy. use a pleasant scent. ask her out on a date. make her feel special. ask for her phone number. keep the conversation going. keep it light and lighthearted.
purchase an upgraded neck pillow. choose your seat. blow up your pillow. recline your seat as far back as you can. flip your pillow over. adjust the stuffing. use your neck pillow to sleep.
back up your files. restart your computer. follow the on-screen prompts to enter setup. select the boot tab. select cd-rom drive from the list of options. select save and exit. press f8 to save your changes. press ↵ enter to save the changes. select "partition 2 (windows)". select the partition you want to install windows xp on. press the ↓ key to select the empty space. press ⏎ enter to create a new partition. press .⏎ return to select your partition. select your new partition and press .↵ enter. format the partition. wait for windows xp to finish installing. reinstall windows xp when prompted.
choose the curve of the blade. decide whether or not to use a grip. decide if you want a gripped stick. lie.
add a few drops of dish soap into a bowl. stir in some food coloring, if desired. add a few spoonfuls of glitter. stir everything together with your hands. pour the mixture into a large bowl. let the mixture sit for a few minutes, then stir it again. take the putty out of the bowl, and play with it. store the silly putty in a plastic, zippered baggie.
get your sim to throw a party. buy a birthday cake. have the sim who is going to age up blow out the candles. wait for the guests to arrive.
find out if you can grow rhubarb in your area. buy rhubARB roots. choose a spot for planting. prepare the soil. plant the roots. mulch the area. keep the soil moist. remove the seed stalks. watch out for pests. apply fertilizer after the first year has passed. wait until the second year to harvest the rhubs. harvest the stalks when they are 12 to 18 inches (30.5 to 45.7 cm) long. store the harvested stalks in the refrigerator or freezer. use the dried stalks as a topping for your next recipe.
stay home from work or school. use your sick days as a last resort. use tissues. sneeze and cough into your elbow, not into your hand. wash your hands often. disinfect everything you touch with a disinfecting cloth or wipe. clean up after yourself. don't forget to wash your clothes and bedding. keep the air in your home ventilated. if you're sick, go to the doctor if necessary.
create a list of potential members. ask the members questions about themselves. make spy identification cards for the members. set a date and time for the first meeting of the club. introduce the members to each other and tell them what to expect. have the members sit down and have a short meeting. have a second meeting and have another one-on-one meeting. , have a third meeting and discuss the next mission. , create a spy kit!, train the members!, have a mission mission!, let the "victim"/"target"/"enemy" know about the mission!, make a secret spy fort/hq!, have mission parties!, make sure the members know that if they have done something wrong, they will not be able to tell anyone about it and you will have to inform the "target"/target/victim/enemy of the mission and they will be put in jail time. , make sure your members know what they are doing is wrong and right.
create a compelling, action-oriented press release. create a press release that is easy to read and write. choose keywords that are relevant to your story. consider creating a video version of your press release, if you do not have the time to create a full-length video version. choose a high-quality picture to include in your release. post the press release url on your website as soon as possible.
set up a time to talk in person. be clear about why you're ending the friendship. be prepared for her reaction. avoid upsetting your mutual friends. move on.
open topic10. tap the chat bubble icon. tap +. take a photo or video. select a sticker or mask to add to your post. tap and hold the text box at the bottom of the screen. draw on your post with a pen. tap done. tap send. tap post to day.
open the rar files that you want to extract. make sure you have all the parts of the file. right-click on the extracted file(s) and select "extract". select "unpack or extract". delete the original files.
determine if you have scoliosis. see a doctor if you suspect that you may have scoltiosis. consider getting a back and shoulder strengthening exercise program.
evaluate the cost of the diet. consider the nutrient content of the foods you're eating. decide how long you're allowed to exclude certain foods. consider substitutions. be careful with herbal or vitamin supplements. talk to your doctor before following an exclusionary diet. find a diet program that works for you. follow a well-balanced diet. eat a balanced diet. maintain a healthy weight. finished.
write great lyrics. memorize the lyrics of your songs. perform songs that reflect your style and style of delivery. be confident.
turn on your xbox one. press the power button. press and hold down the "power" and "sleep" buttons at the same time. select "restart" from the menu.
go to her shrine and talk to her. go to the cave in the middle of the shrine. kill her followers and she'll come out. hit her with a sword. wait for a few days and you'll turn into a vampire.
go to the google chrome web store. search for flip it. download flip it for chrome. install the extension. launch flipboard. log into your flipboard account. select the article you want to add to your magazine. select a magazine to add content to. comment on the article. add the content.
preheat the oven and prepare the baking sheets. cut the squash in half. slice the squash. season the butternut squash. bake the chips. let the chips cool before serving.
visualize your goals. surround yourself with positive people. learn to say "no" and follow through on your promises. practice mindfulness. practice mindful eating. practice self-care. spend more time in nature.this year, make a commitment to the outdoors.
heat the oil. sauté the ground beef, onion, and garlic. mix in the tomato paste. stir in the herbs and spices. add the tomatoes, broth, and sugar. bring the mixture to a boil. reduce the heat and simmer the sauce for two hours. taste the sauce and adjust the seasonings. pour the sauce over pasta and top with parmesan cheese. serve the sauce with pasta. finished.
take dance classes. exercise regularly. eat a healthy diet. come up with your own choreography. practice your dance routine. watch videos of the laker girls. wear the right dance shoes. wear a bikini top. wear dance briefs or swimsuit bottoms. find other ways to stand out. style your hair and makeup. get the right hairstyle. apply make-up. get in shape. arrive early to the audition. listen to the music. perform your routine for the judges.
make a list of your achievements. reflect on challenges you have faced. embrace the benefits of nostalgia. think about how you would like to live your life differently. spend time with old friends. visit places.
choose an adoption agency that is licensed by the korean ministry of health and social affairs. decide whether to travel to korea to adopt. make sure you meet korean adoption guidelines. have all documents authenticated properly.
make a list of things you are willing to negotiate. explain the list to your kid. give your kid time to look over the list. try to be flexible. write up the new rules. post the rules somewhere visible.
set up a time and place to talk. ask your ex how they are feeling. choose a neutral place. look your best. tell them how you feel. listen to your ex’s response. decide if you want to get back together again.
make a list. go shopping. wear a swim suit. wear bright colours. get a tan. balance it out. show off your best features. wear the right shoes and accessories. be confident.
give your pet food and water. clean up after your pet. groom your pet on a regular basis. walk your pet daily. play with your pet regularly. teach your pet basic commands. take good care of your pet’s health. take your pet to the vet regularly. give your pet plenty of exercise. maintain your pet's health.
learn how to say "no.", don't feel guilty. think about the consequences of making the same mistake twice. learn to have self-respect.
apply cuticle oil after a manicure. massage the oil into your cuticles. apply the oil throughout the day.
look at your dog’s skin. notice how your dog is behaving. consider the time of year. call your vet. take your dog to the vet. determine if your dog has an allergic reaction. look for signs of a yeast infection. check for sores and bumps. look at the rash on your dog's ears. check the rash for redness and swelling. check to see if the rash is itchy or itchy. check your dog for a rash on his belly or paws. look to see whether the rash has spread to other parts of his body. determine whether your dog may have fleas or ticks. consider whether your pet may have an underlying health condition. ask your vet about other possible causes.
fill a jar with water and place a few items into it. arrange the items in the jar. add a few drops of vegetable oil into the water. add some fresh fruit and/or flowers to the water, if desired. consider adding some waxed disks or waxed wicks. place the candle inside the jar, and cover it with the lid. wait for the candle to burn. take the candle out of the jar when you want to extinguish it. finished.
use a regular digital thermometer for newborns to six months. use a rectal temperature for toddlers to measure body temperature. use an ear thermometer to take a child's temperature after three years. use ear thermometers for older kids. clean the ear thoroughly. sanitize the tip of the thermometer. insert the tip into the ear canal. take the temperature. take a reading from the rectal area of the head. interpret the results.
open up your livescribe notebook. find the spot where you want to add audio to your notes. start writing. click on the 'record' button. press the record button on the bottom of the pad. start recording. press 'stop' when you are done recording. save your audio by clicking on the save button.
use a razor blade to remove excess primer. prepare a cleaning solution. blot the stain with the detergent solution. rinse the fabric with cool water. repeat as needed. use acetone to remove stubborn stains.once the stain is gone, apply acetone directly to the stain.
monitor your credit score. pay your bills on time. get a low-limit credit card. reaffirm your mortgage. apply for an fha streamline refinance. contact a local bank or credit union. make sure you can afford a 3-percent down payment or closing costs. wait the right amount of time for a mortgage. consider a no-down payment, market rate conventional mortgage (naca).
acknowledge your feelings. talk to other parents. see a therapist. connect with a social work case manager. join a support group.
tuck your shirt in halfway. layer cropped jeans with a longer jacket or blazer. wear the right shoes with your cropped jeans.
find a balance transfer credit card with no transfer fee. apply for the credit card. use your regular credit card to pay for your purchases. transfer the balance to the balance transfer card. pay off your balance on time.
recognize the signs of body shaming. speak up when people are body shaming someone in your presence. stand up for someone who's being shamed. walk away. tell the person to stop. engage the person in conversation. offer to stay with the person. call the police if necessary. use positive language. don't be afraid to speak up for yourself. recognize that body shaming is a form of bullying. get support from others.
gather the ingredients. prepare the oven and baking sheet. make the dough. form the dough into shapes. bake the treats.
download and install gtkpod. connect your iphone to your computer. select the tracks you want to transfer. select "export tracks from database" from the file menu. specify the output filename. wait for the transfer to finish.
launch google map. identify a location. zoom in on the location. call up the street view. report a problem. fill out the form. submit the report.
start with a lag. set up the table. place the cue balls in a diamond-shaped rack. break by shooting the cue ball behind the head string. optionally, play with a push-out shot. play until someone passes.
open your dns zone file. locate the start of authority line. recreate the soa line. format your zone file as you normally would. save your changes. verify that your changes took effect. wait for your changes to take effect on your domain.
familiarize yourself with the usda plant hardiness zone map. use the map as a general guide, but be aware of its limitations. find out which zone you’re in. know the average annual minimum temperatures for each zone. learn the range of annual minimum winter lows for each of the zones. know which plants thrive in each of these zones. consider your options.
learn about self-injurious behavior. change your child's diet. encourage safer forms of stimulation. deal with frustration.
acquire a pot. get an orange. walk to the pot on your kitchen counter. choose the ingredients that you need for the recipe. choose your ingredients.
massage your scalp. use essential oils. do a conditioning treatment. make a restorative hair mask. use a boar bristle brush. avoid harsh styling products. eat plenty of protein. make sure you're getting enough vitamin b. vitamin b is an essential for hair growth. get enough vitamin c. vitamin c can help your hair grow faster. eat foods rich in vitamin d. vitamin d helps your hair follicles grow. drink plenty of water.
install an outdoor shelter. heat the shelter. use artificial lighting. lay down straw or hay. feed your ducks the proper diet. supplement your ducks' diet with vegetables and grass. give your ducks high-fat, high-calorie treats. provide fresh water. protect your ducks from the wind. keep air vents open. set out a pool for your ducks on warmer days.
remember that god loves you and will always love you no matter what you do. remember that god does not forget to give thanks for you. be a good listener to the word of god. remember to live in the light. be wise. be strong and wise. live according to god's word. be in the right frame of mind and mind of mind. do what is right. do not be a sinner, but be a christian. seek the kingdom of god, not the world. be true to the things that are true. think on the things which are good. do the right thing. love god. know that god has loved you for thousands and thousands of years. realize that you are valuable to god and to the whole world. think of the fact that god rejoices every time you think of him. believe that you will be transformed into jesusus and become like him. remember the last time you were in the presence of god was when he gave his only son to the church.
visit the hotmail website. , click on the sign up button at the top of the page. click on sign up now. fill in the account information. enter in your personal information. accept the terms of service and privacy policy. click "i agree". log into your hotmail account.
log into your google drive account. click the "new" button on the top right corner of your screen. , click the .create folder button. , create a new folder. , select the folder you want to share. , drag and drop all of the documents into the folder. click "upload.", rename the documents in the folder to make them easier to find. share the folder with your students. go to the "share" button in the top left corner of the google drive window. , highlight the link to the shared folder. give the students the link. finished.
prepare the tomatoes. wash the tomatoes in boiling hot water. dry the tomatoes with a paper towel. chop the tomatoes into small cubes. mix the egg yolks and vinegar together. mix everything together. refrigerate. serve. finished.
sweep and vacuum the floor. get a floor scrubber. fill the scrubbing machine with your cleaning solution. scrub the floor with the scrubber or mop. vacuum the solution from the floor using a dry vac. dry the floor again with a mop and fresh water after you're done.
dress appropriately. arrive at the interview prepared. arrive on time. check the time and place of the interview. be professional. put on your uniform. speak clearly and concisely. listen actively. ask good questions. ask the right questions. be prepared to talk about yourself. don't be afraid to go the extra mile. ask questions about the company's culture and culture. ask about the benefits of the position. ask how you can help the company. ask what you can do to improve the company’s culture. don’t ask for a job if you don't have to. ask if you can work for the company for a certain amount of time. ask for an offer.
place the lycra in a towel. place the clothing in a laundry bag. lay the clothing out to dry. use a dryer on low heat.
make a youtube channel. make your first video. make more videos. make as many videos as you want. don't be a copycat. get some webkinz. edit your videos. do lots of talking videos. watch other people's videos. be safe. tell your parents about your channel. get featured on webkinZ newz. make sure to update your channel regularly. if you get popular, follow other kinztubers.
make sure you meet the system requirements. download the vmware workstation installer. run the installer as an administrator. install the operating system. gather the necessary materials. open vmware and create a new virtual machine. select easy install. enter your product key and password. choose a name for the virtual computer. set the virtual machine’s hard drive space. configure the hardware. power on the virtual machines. wait for the operatingsystem to install. check that vmware tools is installed. start a virtual machine from the vm menu. shut down the virtual system. move files between the virtual and original computers. run programs on the original computer. troubleshoot problems.
learn that you need a level 79 summoning to create a granite crab pouch. gather the required items to make one pouch. ensure that the items needed for the pouch are in your inventory. travel to any summoning obelisk. , click on the obelisks. , choose the granite crab. decide what you want to do with the pouches. finished.
have a good reason for the change. involve all members of your organization. communicate with your employees. anticipate employee reactions. lead by example.
go to the home viewing. ask the real estate agent if you can get a copy of the disclosure form. read the disclosure of defects carefully. decide what you want to do if you decide to buy the house. negotiate a price with the realtor if you are still interested in buying the house, but want to make sure the disclosure is accurate and that you are willing to pay for the house in a reasonable price.
recognize the signs and symptoms of japanese encephalitis. check for a high fever. look for a stiff neck. watch for mental and behavioral changes. look out for neurological symptoms. watch out for seizures. get vaccinated. avoid travel to areas with high risk of infection. take care of any underlying medical conditions. get a prescription for antibiotics. take anti-inflammatory drugs. get plenty of rest. eat a healthy diet. get enough sleep. avoid contact with people who are sick.
choose a sippy spout instead of a classic one. attach the bottle to the cage. clean the bottle daily. use an insulated bottle cover in the winter if you live in a cold or snowy climate.
pour 1 liter (4.2 cups) of warm water into a pitcher. filter the water. pour the water through a strainer. add 1 tsp. finished.
get a boomerang. get the boomerangs. buy a boomersang. equip the boerang. face your target. throw theboomerang at the target. control the boonerang’s direction. follow through with your throw(s).
understand the glycemic index. use the gi to help people with diabetes. follow a low-glycemic index diet if you have polycystic Ovarian syndrome. eat low- glycemic foods if you want to control your appetite. understand that gi numbers do not apply to all foods. look for foods with low gis. choose whole grains. choose fruits and non-starchy vegetables. avoid processed foods. eat whole grains for breakfast. cook your own rice and pasta. choose foods with a high fiber content. eat more protein. choose low-fat, low-calorie foods. avoid foods high in saturated fat and sugar.
choose colors associated with fall foliage. research the season’s "in" colors. opt for warm colors over cool colors. choose lighter colors for a more feminine look. try flannel print for a versatile look. choose pastel colors if you want to avoid the heat of spring.
get on your board. place your feet on the board. push off the board with your back foot and front foot. , push off with your front foot and push off. use your backfoot to push the board off the ground. use the front foot to push off and land on it.
place your cat in a crate. avoid feeding your cat before the trip. avoid giving your cat food or water. bring along familiar items. add a litter box. keep your cat inside.
find mullets. use a light rod and a click-drag reel. use the right bait. try fly fishing. reel in the mullet.
buy an ikea shelf. turn the shelf on its side. get some legs for the bench. attach the legs to the shelf. screw the feet onto the shelf with a screwdriver or screwdriver. flip the shelf over. add some cushions to the top of the bench, if desired. decorate the bench with pillows or velcro strips. add finishing touches, if you want to. finished.
explain your needs. set ground rules for your relationship. set boundaries together.
understand that there are 6 basic aperture settings: aperture, aka shutter speed, aka iso setting. know that each of these numbers represents 'one stop' down or up. think of the conditions that you want to photograph:brightly lit outdoors, no windows (i.e. on the bus) - f 5.6. understand what you're doing. understand that you don't have to stop the shutter and aperture at the same time. don't be afraid to mess up.
blot the stain as soon as possible. soak the stain in cold water. pretreat the stain with liquid detergent or fabric cleaner. wash the item in the washing machine. check to see if the stain has washed out. dry the item.
take a shower every day. exercise. eat healthy. brush your teeth twice a day, and floss your hair at least once a day. , brush your hair. wear your hair in a crazy but pretty way every now and then. use deodorant every once in a while. use mouthwash. have a good variety of clothes. wake up on time. smell good. put on some makeup. if you want to, you can use a little bit of eyeliner, but not too much. put a bit of blush on your cheeks and nose. , put on a little lip gloss. , if you're a girl, put on mascara. , get a good pair of shoes. , go shopping for clothes. go to a thrift shop or a second-hand store. wear clothes that make you feel good about yourself. have fun!
open the itunes store app. search for a song or album you want to purchase. tap the price. tap buy. tap download to ipod. tap done.
prepare a list of ground rules for the mediation session:[topic1] you want to make sure that you have the following ground rules in mind before you begin the mediation: [topic2] you are going to discuss the following topics with the other party:[ topic3] you would like to discuss this topic with the opposite party. , create a comfortable atmosphere. be prepared to answer questions. set ground rules. establish a flow of discussion. use neutralizing statements. create an agenda. discuss the topics. request that all conversations take place through the chair of the mediator.
choose a box grater. place the grater on a plate or plate with a hole in the middle. hold the grating board or plate in your dominant hand. rub the cheese and grater together with your other hand. slide the cheese from one side of the plate to the other. finished.
take your baby out of the car and let her or him walk around for a few minutes at a time. give your baby plenty of stimulation. play with your baby. feed your baby well. teach your baby to speak. stop giving your baby a bottle if he or she is babbling. don't leave your baby with a pacifier for long periods of time. make sure your baby has enough alone time. set a sensible schedule and stick to it. when your baby does something by herself, let her do it. let your baby learn how to take care of herself. never do for a child what a child can do for themselves. give them plenty of tickle time. have fun with them!
exfoliate dead skin with a matcha body scrub. mix your ingredients. apply the scrub to your skin and let it sit for a few minutes. rinse the scrub off with water.
keep your home in good condition. know the top causes of house fires. know what to do in each room. use space heaters with care. cook safely. keep your fireplace clean. keep candles and incense burners away from children and pets. keep fire extinguishers in your home. install smoke alarms and fireproof doors and windows. install fireproof windows and doors. install a fire extinguisher in your house. install an alarm system in your car. keep children away from open fires. keep pets away from fires.
use milk jug hand weights. use canned goods. fill plastic bottles with water or sand. use multiple plastic bottles to make wrist weights. repurpose a basketball to make a medicine ball. make a sock weight. use a sock as a mini-weight. make weights with a bicycle inner tube and duct tape. use plastic bags to make weighted vests. use paint cans as hand weights or kettlebell.
smile and make eye contact. look for signs that they want to talk to you. introduce yourself to them. start a conversation. listen to what they have to say. ask them if they'd like to meet up again. ask the person out on a date.
apply your own milk. wash your nipples after each feeding. use an ointment. apply a cold compress or a moist dressing. use nipple shields. make a saline solution to clean and disinfect your nipples. be aware of other causes of sore nipples. seek medical attention if your nipples become inflamed or bleed. see a doctor if the problem persists after nursing. do not let your baby suck on your nipple. avoid nipple irritants. avoid touching your nipples while nursing.
improve your diet. stay hydrated. stretch properly. set a schedule. learn the three most important running abilities. train on the right days. get plenty of rest. eat right. train with a friend. run a warm-up run. train for a half-marathon. run an 800m race.
open file explorer. , find the topic you want to search. pin the topic to your toolbar. open the file explorer folder. open up quick access. go to this pc.
go for a walk. make her laugh. watch tv. go for a run or walk. take her to dance. take up a new hobby or skill. give her a massage. go out to eat. cook her a meal. bring her a pet. go to a concert or see a show. do something you know she enjoys doing.
wear a long sleeve shirt. place one hand under your rabbit’s chest. wrap your arm around your rabbit. hold your rabbit against your chest. pick up your rabbit gently. bring your rabbit to the ground slowly. wrap a towel around the rabbit if it squirms or scratches you.
make a softbox with foamcore. attach the foamcore to the board with duct tape or double sided tape. decorate the softbox. enjoy your softbox!
choose a wedding dress for the bride and groom. choose a wedding suit for the groom and the bride. , choose wedding accessories for the wedding: 'brides (turban) pagri:"' must have a turban shape. choose wedding jewelry for the brides (Turban) Pagri: 'must have a round shape. finished.
take your first reading. measure the length of the shadow. mark the spot where the shadow grows to the same length as your first measurement. draw a second line from the first mark to the second mark you made.
exfoliate your lips. moisturize your lips with lip balm. use a reverse lip liner. choose the right color. load the applicator with product. swatch the product on your hand. apply the product to the middle of your lip. apply lipstick to the outer corners. apply a second coat, if necessary.
be strong and determined. be stubborn. be liked. be girly. be strong. don't make excuses. wear what you feel comfortable in. be comfortable in your own skin. be who you are.
decide what type of light you want to install. decide how you will run the lighting. choose a power source. place the light on the countertop. clear the cabinets and counters. make sure the electrical box has enough room. test the outlet. remove the old electrical box. cut a hole in the wall. run the new electrical box through the hole. connect the new box to the electrical outlet. install the new light fixture. run wires to the new fixture. attach clamps to the box. turn on the lights and adjust them.
stay calm. empathize with your child. calm your child down if he gets worked up. talk to a doctor or therapist.
contact the appropriate state agency. contact your state’s administrator. complete an online form. obtain oil and gas lease information. log onto the appropriate website. provide the required information. complete a paper application. enter the requested information. gather additional documents. contact the agency for assistance. pay the required fees. make a copy of the completed application. submit your application. wait for the permit to be approved or denied. receive notification if you are denied a drilling permit.
remove all of the bedding from the mattress. attach the upholstery attachment to your vacuum cleaner. vacuum your foam mattress to remove any last night snacks.
hire a securities lawyer. discuss your options with your lawyer. understand the rights of shareholders. prepare a registration statement. draft a prospectus. report as a “smaller reporting company.” this is a less burdensome process. file the registration statement with the sec. hire an investment bank to sell the stock. avoid misleading statements to potential investors.
get a prescription for antibiotics. take zinc supplements. keep up your hygiene practices to prevent further cholera.
determine if your dog has fleas. take your dog to the vet. treat your dog with flea treatments. clean your home thoroughly.
wear a straw or sun hat. add a tan belt. try a bright red or blue belt. wear a colorful belt. consider a metallic belt. pair your white dress with a leather jacket or wrap. wear black with your dress. go for a colorful blazer or sweater. wrap a scarf around your neck. use a scarf as a headband. wear sunglasses. choose the right footwear. wear metallic shoes. choose dressier flats. try metallic stilettos. carry a canvas bag. add an oversized handbag. wear an oversized hat. wear your hair in a bun or ponytail. wear long hair. wear loose, flowing hair. keep your hair out of your face. wear makeup.
recognize that ogling is a bad habit. don’t do it for the sole purpose of ogling. be patient.
gather the necessary information. get consent from a parent or guardian. make sure you can marry in utah. find the county clerk’s office in your area. pay the required fee for the marriage license application.
if you go to an all girls school, hang out with your friends. don't be desperate. be nice to everyone around you. be open to meeting new people. join a club or class outside of school. keep it casual. if you are talking to a nice guy, don't rush into anything. be yourself. look good. make an effort to keep in touch with him. if he doesn't seem to like you, give him his own space and time.
take your pit bull to the vet for regular check-ups.a pit bull terrier should be checked by a vet at least once a year. maintain a healthy weight. walk your dog regularly. play games with your adult pit bull. play with your dog on a regular basis every day.
check your cat's skin for signs of irritation. stroke your cat. check your cat for fleas. check the cat's body for ticks. remove any fecal matter that might be in the fur.
review what you've already written. start with the first sentence. write the body of your essay. write about your academic background. write a paragraph about your field of study. finish your essay with a sentence about the program you're applying to. make sure to include a sentence or two about yourself. , proofread your application to the admissions counselor or admissions counselor before submitting it to the school or department of education.
budget your start-up expenses. determine whether you need to upgrade your equipment. decide how you will finance your furniture making business. consider your funding options carefully.
surprise the soon-to-be mother. look your best. make sure your nails look nice. do your hair. have a good sense of humor. be on time. have good manners. be nice to everyone. if you have a cell phone, use it. don't talk behind your back to your family members. talk to your friends on the phone. go to the group you're supposed to be in.
check if you have a right to reinstate the loan. contact the lender. consider a “redemption” instead of reinstatement.
check to see if your employer cut off coverage automatically. find out if you’re eligible for cobra coverage. contact your health plan administrator about cobra.
choose a high performance ball for beginners. watch other bowlers. go to a bowling pro shop with knowledgeable staff and staff.
be open-minded and accepting. show them what you’re involved in your community. be a good role model. help them cope with stressors. create a safe environment for them.
make an outline of your speech and write down the key words that you want to include in your presentation. practice your speech in front of a mirror or on a piece of paper. write down key words from your outline that you need to remember. practice, practice, and practice some more. once you have your outline and key words memorized, start practicing your speech. once your presentation is ready, give it to a group of people that you trust to listen to it. don't practice too much, just enough to make sure that you are comfortable with the flow of the speech. after your presentation, take a shower or bath. eat a good meal about an hour before you present. if you are nervous, don't be afraid to get up and walk around a little, but don't overdo it.
determine where you are in your menstrual cycle. determine how sensitive your test needs to be. decide if you want a digital or traditional test. find a place to purchase a test. compare prices. purchase multiple tests. check the expiration date of the test. purchase the test at the counter or self check-out.
wear shoes that cover more of your feet. wear flats. choose heels with ankle straps. wear boots or skirts with boots that go over the knee. choose patterned shoes for men when not in business settings.
understand the purpose of an autobiographical essay. write down the facts of your life. think about a theme. look through your resume or c.v. read examples of life story essays. focus on one major theme. connect past experiences to the program or position you are applying for. keep it real. avoid cliches and clichés. write in the first person. write from the perspective of the reader. use transitions and transitions to show, not tell. read your essay out loud. revise your essay for clarity and flow. proofread your essay. edit your essay, if necessary.
assemble the items needed to complete the project. place the paperback leaflet on a flat surface. fold the paperback in half lengthwise. measure the length of the paperback from top to bottom. make a crease at the top and base of the leaflet. fold up the base crease and fold down the top crease. repeat the previous step for the front cover. slip the paperback into the sheath or pocket you've just created. done.
consume more oily fish. don’t eat farmed salmon. limit your exposure to mercury. avoid raw and refrigerated fish. cook seafood to the proper temperature.
recognize that teenagers are very busy. avoid forcing your teen to do something they do not want to do. encourage them to do it with a friend. be patient.
be prepared for rejection. be confident. ask a friend to talk to her about you. remember that asking for her number is not a commitment. have a conversation with her. mention something you have in common. ask her directly. text her first. gauge her interest. ask for her phone number. call her. send her a text. call or email her. ask in person if necessary.
look for a direct link to the review site. look for a tracking code in the link. check for affiliate links. check to see if the reviewer has any conflicts of interest. look at the date the review was posted. check the time stamp. check their location. check if the review is part of a reader-generated site. watch out for visitor comments. ignore star ratings, ratings, and ratings. ignore testimonials. look out for duplicates of the review. search for the review on another site. report the review to bingp or another search engine. finished.
use epsom salts. try an osmotic laxative. take a stimulant laxative for severe constipation. try a sodium phosphate enema. call your doctor. drink warm liquids. eat or drink prunes. get some exercise. try baking soda and water. use a stool softener. take stool softeners one to three times a week.
open the snapchat app. swipe down on the camera screen. tap ⚙️. tap settings. scroll down and tap advertising. tap account settings. , tap privacy. , slide the button next to “target ads” to the “off” position.
understand that high blood pressure is a common problem that can occur in children, and that it is best to catch it early.it is important to have your child's blood pressure regularly monitored by a doctor. understand how blood pressure measurements are determined.high blood pressure can be measured by taking three or more measurements, and then comparing them to other children of the same age and sex. be aware of the signs and symptoms of highBlood pressure.if you notice any of the symptoms above, or if your child starts showing signs or symptoms that may indicate that her blood pressure may be high, she will need to be examined for an underlying cause.
open a window and turn on a fan. lay down a dropcloth. wear gloves. put on protective eyewear. cover your eyes and nose. use a stepladder. vacuum the area. spray the area with a degreasing agent. wipe away the solution and soot. repeat until the area is clean. scrape away any yellow beading. mix a cleaning solution. wet a sponge or rag with the solution. wipe the area down with the sponge or cloth. rinse the area thoroughly. dry the area and repeat the process if necessary. clean the ceiling.
choose a bed with thick foam or memory foam. make sure the bed is color-fast. look for a bed that is quick-drying. choose a high quality material. consider removable covers.
be clear about the reason for writing the letter. make reference to the item to which you are responding. research the audience for your letter. read other letters to the editor.
recognize the symptoms of a cold. know when to see a doctor. prevent the cold from worsening. stay hydrated. get plenty of rest. reduce stress. eat a balanced diet. eat chicken noodle soup. take a break from exercise. use zinc lozenges. take an over-the-counter decongestant. try an herbal remedy. use a nasal spray. use an antihistamine. try a cough suppressant. use cough drops. try cough sprays. consider a nasal corticosteroid. consider an antibiotic treatment.
consider hormonal contraceptives. talk to your doctor about iron supplements. try tranexamic acid. take an anti-inflammatory medication. change your sanitary supplies often. exercise on your period. use a heating pad or bath. drink plenty of water. check your blood sugar levels. keep a period journal. eat a healthy diet. get plenty of rest. avoid alcohol and caffeine. get enough sleep. get regular check-ups.
understand what a power drain is. know how to use power drains. know which power drains to use on which maps. use the power drain correctly. use a vehicle. cover areas. hold off enemies. negate the effects of bubble shields and regenerators. kill opponents. take advantage of power drains on man-cannon and elevators.
write the word “citation” in the first line. write the date of publication in parentheses. include the name of the dictionary in the next space. write down the page number, edition, and volume in parentheses after the date. add the location and publisher name next.
measure your reach from the ground. measure your height from the top of your head to your feet. divide your reach by your height. , divide the result by the ape index.
get a good mattress and sheets. turn on some white noise. keep your room cool. make your bedroom a comfortable place to sleep. sleep with a security item near your bed.
apply foundation to your tan lines. use a self-tanner to even out your tan. try another sunbathing session or two. exfoliate your skin a few days after you tanned your shoulders.
turn off all lights in the office. close all doors and windows. keep the office clean and well ventilated. set the thermostat at different temperatures.
start a conversation with someone you like. show interest in a potential love interest or friend. bond with a coworker. find common ground with an entire group of people. address one of your pet's peeves. talk about something you have in common with the person you're talking to. ask the person about his or her interests. don't be afraid to make a joke. keep the conversation going. keep your body language casual. keep it light and friendly. keep things positive. don’t get defensive.
go to settings. go to color. select the color tab. click or tap the accent color option. click ok.
go to a local auto body shop and get a new windshield. remove the old windshield glass. , replace the old glass with the new one. remove your old seal. put the new glass on the windshield. , secure the glass to the car body. replace the seal and replace the glass.
wash your hands before playing. use less pressure on the strings. avoid over-tightening the string. file your nails when playing with your fingers. don’t play with string tension too much.
try twizzlers, milk duds, or starbursts. buy a protein bar. try swedish fish. look for a smaller container. bring your own snacks if you can. bring snacks from outside the theater, if possible.
decide how much money you can spend. choose a rolex for a special occasion. buy a timepiece for a long-term investment. choose the type of watch you want to buy. decide how often you will wear the watch. shop around. decide on a style. decide whether to buy a new or used rolex. learn as much as you can about the watch before you buy it. buy from a reputable dealer. purchase from a trusted retailer. purchase online. buy online. purchase a used Rolex. return the watch if necessary. finished.
find an opportunity to ask her out when you see her at her place of work or school. find an opportunity when you are around her at the same time every day. be specific about what you would like to do. use an indirect approach. be honest about how much you enjoy spending time with her when you ask her.
make sure your partner wants to slow dance. ask your partner if he or she wants to dance. smile and look your partner in the eyes when you ask. escort your partner to the dance floor. lead the way down.
prepare the ingredients. melt the butter in a skillet. cook the quesadillas. repeat with the remaining ingredients. cut the quedillas into pieces and serve warm. finished.
open the settings app. open the factory data reset screen. choose whether to erase the internal sd card. reset the phone.
start off by painting the base of the model with a base coat of games workshop 'dwarf bronze'. add the shadows. add the shadow effect to the storm bolter's eyes. add some shadows to his body. add a bit of colour to his face. paint the other parts of his body as well. paint some of the wires. get a black paintbrush. add more detail to the parts of the body that are not covered by the shadow. add black ink to the rest of the parts that are going to be shaded. , add some grey to his armour. finish off the base. add grass, sand and gravel to the model. apply a layer of black ink over the top of the base with black ink. finish the model off with some modelling grass. finished.
prepare for the battle. wait for volvagia to pop out of a hole in the ground. run away from the hole. wait until she disappears into a hole again. run for it again. dodge the rocks. roll around. hang onto the ledge. watch as it dies.
acknowledge that a baby will change your life. acknowledge your fears. maintain a healthy relationship with the baby’s mother. discuss your finances. inform your family and friends. talk to your other children about the new baby.
install hurricane shutters on your windows. install a hurricane roof. clean your gutters regularly. remove debris from around your home. do not leave trash cans or other large items on the ground near your house.
prepare your work area. remove the wax from the surface. use a terry toweling rag to soak up the melted wax. place a towel over a heat source. melt the wax with the mineral spirits. use the terry towel to wipe up the excess wax. rinse the area with warm water and mineral spirits again.
make eye contact. smile. use your body language. put yourself in his path. look your best. approach your crush. start a conversation. make him laugh. make eye contact with him. ask him out. flirt with him in private. flirt online. flirt in person. flirt on the phone. flirt by text. flirt over social media. flirt through text. use social media to your advantage. flirt via text message.
do not use this as a last-ditch effort. pretend that you are going to stab your opponent in the throat. get your fingers into position. make a dent in your opponent's throat.
use wave grease. wash your hair with shampoo and conditioner to remove the grease. dry your hair and brush it with a comb. , if you want to make your hair longer, you can use a hair dryer. , you can also use a du-rag. brush your hair like you normally would. finished.
mow your lawn at the crack of dawn. hang a wind chime in your yard. throw a garden party. sing loudly and often. play loud music. let your dog bark. set up a basketball hoop in your driveway. fill up your neighbor’s mailbox with junk. leave your lawn mower running late at night. use your lawn to your advantage. set your lawnmower next to your neighbors’ house. leave a trail of trash in your neighbor's driveway.
ask yourself why you want to waste time in class. talk to your teacher. challenge yourself. ask questions. work with your friends in the class.
copy the image into a new document. identify the color picker toolbar. select the color you want to change. right click the existing color. choose the replacement color. click on the eraser tool to erase the color from the existing image.
draw three dots along the corners of your eyes. draw a line through the dots. add a line from the third dot to the middle part of your lash line.
buy natural toothpastes. make your own toothpaste. use hydrogen peroxide. try oil pulling to reduce bacteria in your mouth.
take a warm shower or bath. use a humidifier. avoid smoking and avoid secondhand smoke.
ggather your materials. crochet around the length of the bow tie that you want it to be. cut the yarn to the size you want your bow tie to be, then crochet around it. tie the ends of the yarn together to make a bow shape. wrap the yarn around the middle of your fabric to make the bow. tie a knot in the back of your bow. attach a clip or elastic clip to the bow to wear your new bow tie.
determine if you need to change the strings on your ukulele. buy a new string. choose the right type of string. tie the string to the bridge. tie a knot in the string. wrap the string around the tie block. tighten the knot. tune the string down the neck to the desired pitch. finished.
know that you need a certain amount of bars to make a sword. go to a smithing center. know that you must be a specific smithing level to make the certain kind of sword. get the bars you need for the sword.
talk to your dentist about dental treatments. get a tongue appliance. talk to your orthodontist about speech therapy. straighten or realign your teeth.
be early to church. go to bible classes or youth groups. have fun at church events. behave appropriately in church. be quiet during the hour of worship. be mature. talk to him. ask him to help you with your bible studies. dress appropriately for church. don't look like you're looking for a boy to make him like you. if you see a boy from church, don't stare around. talk about the lord and the bible. try to make a conversation about the bible and god.
preheat the oven to 375 degrees fahrenheit (190 degrees celsius). , roll out the dough. pour the filling into the baking dishes. crimp the crust. notch the top of the pie. bake the pie!
use the diglot weave technique. label things with post-it notes with latin vocabulary words. share what you’ve learned.
use a bucket fill gradient. apply a lasso or magic wand gradient. erase a layer with an eraser tool. overlap layers. use a transfer brush. smudge colors near the border. create a layer mask. blur areas with a gaussian blur filter. blur two vector shapes. use the mixer brush.
preheat the oven to 350 degrees fahrenheit (180 degrees celsius). , make the wet ingredients. make the dry ingredients. combine the dry and wet ingredients together. form the cookies. bake the cookies for 10 to 12 minutes. remove the cookies from the oven. allow the cookies to cool on a wire rack. finished.
listen to music that inspires you to do great things in life. help out another person without asking for anything in return. grow up for others rather than against them. read a book that has a moral story or a moral dilemma in it. get the right education. ask yourself, "where is evil in the world, there is also good?, ask yourself "what exactly does the man make of the universe?", ask yourself the question, "what is the purpose of this universe?", ponder on the meaning of life. think about what you want to do with your life. live your life to the best of your ability. do what you can to help others. be kind to yourself and to others. live a life that is meaningful to you. be a good role model for others.
limit cell phone use. do unique activities together. leave work for when you return home. take breaks during the day. get plenty of restful sleep.
wash your sneakers in the washing machine. clean your sneakers by hand. dry your sneakers properly. clean suede sneakers with suede eraser solution. use white vinegar on suede. clean leather sneakers with leather cleaner. use toothpaste on leather sneakers. wipe down your sneakers with oil. use a rubber eraser to get rid of rubber stains. use baking soda to remove grease. remove stains with baking soda.
remove any excess caulk from the surface. clean the surface to be caulked. de-laminate the laminate if necessary. allow the area to dry completely. turn off the water supply to the area where the caulk will be applied. apply contact cement to the areas that will need caulk. apply caulk to the surfaces that will be caulking. tape the area around the edges of the seam. pierce the seal of the caulking tube. insert the tube into the gun. squeeze the trigger. release the rod. repeat the process until the desired amount of caulk is achieved. remove any excess liquid caulk with a caulk gun. apply a bead of glue caulk over the entire seam. remove excess glue with a bead gun. repeat this process until all seams are caulk-free. , apply a second layer of adhesive caulk if the first layer was not successful. apply an additional layer of silicone caulk, if desired.
don't skip breakfast. eat healthy snacks in the afternoon. try mindful eating. eat a few meals a day.
control your reactions to your coworker’s behaviour. avoid this coworker. keep interactions short. don’t gossip about your coworkers. consider the possibility that your coworkers annoy you for other reasons. decide if you’re tolerating or not caring. avoid talking about your personal life with coworkers. ask for help when you need it. learn to say ‘no.’ sometimes it can be hard to say no to a coworker when you want to, but you have to learn to do it.
blame an accident. ask if they’ve noticed your scars. turn the question on them. make light of it.
determine the angle of your gutters. mark the starting point of your gutter on the fascia board. find the downspout feeding point. mark your end point. draw a straight line from your high point to the end point again.
use a screwdriver to pry open the lock on your car. drill into the lock with a drill. use the drill to break the lock pins. insert the screwdriver into the hole. turn the engine over.
preheat the oven to 400ºf/200ºc. , cube the potatoes into small cubes. place the potatoes in a large saucepan. add the water to the pot. remove from the heat when the potatoes are tender. drain on paper towels. finished.
place the item in the dryer on high heat. place the garment with the transfer on the outside of the shirt. apply a solvent to the garment. apply the solvent. stretch and wiggle the fabric. peel the transfer off. remove any remaining adhesive. wash the garment in the washing machine. wear the garment as usual. finished.
create a photo mat with a border. create a mat with 3 mats. use cardstock, cardstock or decorative paper matting. make a mat to use as the border for your photo mat. use a photo to make your mat. cut your mat to the size of your photo. use the space between the mat and the photo. finished.
understand the fatal funnel. open the door as far as you can. grasp the doorknob with your non-firing hand and reach below your weapon. swing the door away from you and throw it against the wall. keep your distance between yourself and the door. repeat the slicing the pie technique for the other side of the door, but this time scan up to 180-degrees instead of 90. clear the room. move in toward the caddy-corner area. slice the pie in the corner you are walking toward. continue to scan the area around you, looking for anything that may be a hiding place. check the area behind you as you leave the room!
understand the causes of exam panic. use the s-stop process. breathe. observe. listen to your panicky voice. proceed appropriately. reread the exam paper.
understand the holiday. forgive yourself. create a new tradition. spend the night doing what you want to do. do something that makes you happy.
decide what kind of cosplaying you want to do. think about your budget. figure out what your character is wearing. study your character. sketch the character. make a rough sketch of the costume. give yourself plenty of time. make your costume. once you've made your costume, look in the mirror. if you want, you can practice the character's pose. have fun with it!, have fun cosplaying!
double-click the zipped file. select "extract all". select your destination. extract your unzipped.
organize your parts. lay your deck flat on an open surface. lay the grip tape over the deck. identify the nose and tail ends of your board. remove any air bubbles. cut around the edge of your grip tape. sand the edges of the tape. poke holes in the grip. attach your trucks to your deck. place the baseplate on your trucks. attach the hanger and nuts. insert your bearings. slide the wheel onto the axle. insert the bearings into the wheels. place your wheels on the wheels and tighten the nuts. tighten the nut and washer on the wheel. put the wheel on the board. check your board for proper alignment. finished.
start with a t-shirt that you already have on. cut a few strips of bandage material long enough to wrap around the entire shirt. sew the strips onto the shirt, starting from the bottom and working your way up. sew on the sleeves of the shirt. turn the shirt inside out and sew the sleeves. cut your strips out and place them around the shirt to cover the strips you sewed on. , cut a pair of pants that are the same length as your shirt, but a little longer. sew your strips on to the pants, starting at the crotch. try it on. put on your hands and feet. finished.
make sure you have everything you need with you. put your makeup bag in the bag. take your nails with you if you wear acrylic or fake nails. take a small bottle of nail polish remover or nail glue. take some hair products if you have frizzy or oily hair. take blotting paper or a compact and blot your t-zone. use tissue to get off your lipstick if necessary.
decide what type of photos you want to sell. create a website for your photos. submit your photos to established stock photo agencies. work with the staff at the stock agency. join a microstock agency. continue to improve your skills.
run a movie marathon. play games. listen to your favorite music. read a good book. meditate. watch a funny video or joke.
fill the canner with water. add the pears to the jars. pour the syrup into each jar. remove any air bubbles. wipe off any excess syrup. tighten the lids. place the jars in the caner. process the jars until the jars are sterilized. remove the jars from the heat. let the jars cool for 12 to 24 hours. check that the jars have sealed properly.
preheat the oven to 350ºf/180ºc. , combine the yeast, sugar, salt, and water in a mixing bowl. in a separate bowl, combine the flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt. sift the flour and baking powder into the flour mixture. mix the dry ingredients together in a large bowl. heat the oil in a frying pan over medium heat. add the cinnamon stick to the hot oil and fry the doughnuts. remove the cooked doughnuts from the oil and drain on absorbent paper. garnish with chopped almonds and the syrup. serve with the chopped almonds. finished.
start with a blank piece of paper and a pen. sketch out your jacket idea on one side of the paper. draw out the details of your jacket on the other side of your paper. start to design your jacket. start adding details to your jacket and make it look like your own. finished.
shut down your computer. disconnect all the cables from the back of the cpu tower. remove the back panel of the tower. screw your ssd onto your cpu case. connect your power cable to your ssl. connect the ssd to your power supply. plug the ssl into the smaller terminals on your samsung. reattach the panel back to the cpu. hook up the cables back up. turn your computer on. head to my computer. select “new drive” or “my computer” from the my computer menu.
do breathing exercises. do a creative activity. listen to music or watch a funny video. spend time with friends and family. get some sleep.
place the dishes in the washing machine. expose the dishes to sunlight. use baking soda and vinegar to remove stains. use denture cleaner or antacid tablets. use bleach as a last resort. wear rubber gloves and a respirator when using bleach on your plastic dishes.
inspect the roof for signs of water damage. look for signs that the shingle is cracked or cracked. remove any loose shingles from the roof with a utility knife. , remove the old shingle and replace it with a new one. , inspect the new shingle to make sure that it is stable. , replace the damaged shingle if it falls off the roof. install new shing.
visit a travel website to find the cheapest rate. find a regional or local company. rent from a company located off-premises. try zipcar. rent out your car on the internet.
call for help. prepare yourself. listen to the captain or other crew members for instructions. follow the captain's or crew members' directions. go to the muster station. don't panic. stay calm. get out as quickly as possible. stay on the upper deck areas. stay with the crew. get to a lifeboat as soon as you can. get into the lifeboat. stay in the boat until you're certain it's safe to get out. do not get out of the boat if you're unconscious or unconscious. get off the boat. get back on the ship. get help from the crew if you need it. get medical attention.
recognize the signs and symptoms of an eating disorder. recognize the symptoms of bulimia nervosa. identify the signs of binge-eating disorder. take an online assessment to assess your risk. get help immediately. talk to someone you trust for support. see a doctor. ask your insurer about coverage. work with a dietitian and a mental health professional. consider seeing a psychiatrist. consider cognitive-behavioral therapy. join an inpatient treatment program. join a support group. find a support system. get support from your family and friends. avoid self-medicating. eat a healthy diet. exercise regularly. get plenty of sleep. maintain a healthy lifestyle. maintain healthy relationships with friends and family. avoid alcohol, drugs, and drugs. avoid drugs and alcohol. consider getting professional help.
preheat the oven to 350ºf/180ºc. mix the flour, baking powder, salt and baking powder in a large bowl. add the eggs to the flour mixture. pour the dough into a lightly greased baking tray. place the cookie sheet into the preheated oven. remove from the oven. place on a wire cooling rack to cool. serve or store in an airtight container.
open your iphone's contacts app. tap your card. tap ⋮. scroll down and tap edit contact info. tap delete contact information. tap remove contact information again.
organize a tournament. don’t get competitive. give out prizes to the winners of the game.
determine if your shipping method allows for tracking. look for the tracking number on the receipt. search the usps website for tracking information. enter the tracking information into the general search box on the website. review the information that is displayed on the tracking page.
gather your materials. prepare your silk flowers. make the dye. dip the flowers in the dye and let them dry. repeat the process with the rest of your flowers.
be patient. follow hadvar to riverwood. open your quest journal. select the quest “travel to whiterun” from the list of quests. tap “activate” on the quest. locate the white map marker. follow the white arrow. speak to alvor the blacksmith. talk to hadvar. follow alvor’s instructions. head north out of town. sprint until you reach a large wall. head to the drawbridge. enter the city. speak with the jarl.
choose a time when your child is receptive and alert. play with building blocks. introduce your child to the blocks. let your child play with familiar objects. assign a structure to your child. have your child identify the shapes and sizes of the blocks they’re using. count how many blocks they used. finished.
open microsoft powerpoint. open the program's resource pool. create a new resource. specify the resource type. name the resource. assign the resource a name. specify any necessary values. add any custom values. exit the window. save the project to your computer.
determine if your cat is an independent roamer. consider your cat’s travel history. check the weather. choose a day when you can sneak your cat into the office. identify the best time of day for your cat to come to work. find a suitable bag. get the cat used to wearing a harness or leash. pack the bag. leave the cat at home. test the cat's ability to get inside the bag before you sneak it in. make sure the bag is of good quality. leave your cat alone for a few hours before sneaking the cat into work. bring the cat to work with you. keep your cat in sight. keep the cat in a quiet, hidden place. finished.
make sure you are getting enough magnesium in your diet. don't take more than you need. get enough vitamin d. vitamin d helps your body absorb calcium. take calcium carbonate with food. avoid taking calcium with iron supplements. avoid calcium supplements with foods high in phytic and oxalic acids. limit your alcohol intake. keep track of how much calcium you eat in a day. calculate your calcium intake based on your age. talk to your doctor if you think you need a calcium supplement. take the right supplement for you.
plan your evening activities for the evening. find the right time to wear your blanket sleepers. don't think about it as a chore. get ready for "sleep mode" during the evening hours. set the mood. pack a few items into the pockets of your blanket sleeper that will help you adjust to this piece of loungewear. get everything ready for the next day's use. be proud of yourself for wearing one of these things. remove the blanket sleeper from your closet or other place where you'd like to wear them during the day. put the blanket sleeper back on your closet, if you haven't already done so. go to your room and put on your blanket sleeping clothes. sit down in your bed and drape your legs over the edge of your bed. close your eyes and take a deep breath and try to clear your mind and body of all thoughts that would make you want to remove the sleeper. enjoy the feeling of being able to drift off to sleep without having to worry about what others may think or feel.
prepare your equipment and props in advance. choose a suitable time of day to shoot. decide what kind of ice cream you want to photograph. decide where you want the ice cream to be photographed. decide on the background. finished.
talk to your doctor about your medications and drug use. have your sperm analyzed after you’ve finished chemotherapy or radiation therapy. ask your urologist about surgical options for nonobstructive azoospermia. take hormones to treat hormonal imbalances. ask about varicocelectomy for enlarged veins on the scrotum. talk to your fertility specialist about sperm retrieval as a last resort to treatment.
open your iphone’s settings. tap the “apps” tab. tap camera. tap “camera” from the list of apps. tap "general". tap permissions.
understand the numismatic value of silver coins. invest in silver bars. buy silver bullion coins. consider buying silver rounds of coins.
wash your face with cold water. put on some comfortable clothes. put your hair up. pack your bag. drink a glass of water. eat something. have an ice cube or two. if you have oily skin, try using a facial cleanser. try to get up and walk around a little. if your hair is tied up in a bun, try to keep it out of your face as much as possible. if it's a long flight, put it in a ponytail or a messy bun. change into a clean cardigan if you're going to be sitting in the middle of the aisle. put some make-up on if you want to. take a shower or bath. when you get out of the plane try to smile. put a little bit of lotion on your face and smile. have fun on your long flight! finished.
think about what he likes. listen to what he says and does. write down your ideas. do things you wouldn’t normally do. make the effort to create the surprise. pay attention to his preferences.
download and install audio hijack pro. download and install audacity and audacity. download the lame encoder for audacity, if you haven't done so already. , download the music you would like to hijack. open audio hijacks pro. press the "record" button on the top right side of the program. select the song you want to record. press "record.", press "stop" to stop recording. wait for the program to finish recording. open the file in audacity or itunes. edit the file. export the file to mp3. rename the file and give it a descriptive name. rename your file and change the options in the "options" tab.
watch the gerbil’s rear feet. observe the male gerbils rubbing their stomach. listen for a loud squeak from the male. watch for aggression.
clean your vase. sterilize your garden shears. determine the bud stage of your roses. give your roses a thorough watering the night before cutting them. cut your roses in the morning. choose the right time of day. cut the roses at a 45 degree angle. place the rose stems in a bucket of water. remove the leaves from the roses. make another angled cut below the water line. measure and cut the final height of the stems. fill the vase with water. add plant food to the water. chill the roses in a cool, dark room. change the water daily. give the roses a little salt once a week.
use "cebo" for "bait.", use "stow" for food. use "pan" to mean "food" or "food". use "pawn" for rations. know how to pronounce "pan."
decide where you want to move the files. open the finder window. select the files to move. drag the files from the desktop to the new location. wait for your files to transfer and drop.
remove japanese beetles from your plants. avoid susceptible plants. cover your plants with floating row covers. keep your plants healthy. don't use a japanian beetle trap.
choose your ribbon. cut the ribbon. loop the ribbon around your hand. fold the loops in half. cut two corners off of the center fold. tie a cinch between the notches. attach the bow to the bottom of your wreath. twist the loops into a bow.
draw a simple sketch of the subject and background of your drawing. draw the subject of the drawing, and the background of the image. change the colors of the background and the subject to change the contrast between the two colors. finished.
download and install gimp. open the gimp program. click on the "file" menu, and then click on "options". , click the "blur" tab. , click on 'blur' in the menu. select the 'light saber' option.
have a good personality. have a good look. show off your talent. make friends with his friends. cross ways. ask him a random question. try to get his attention. if all goes well, he will start talking to you and you will start getting to know each other a little bit better.
open your iphone's settings. tap general. tap accessibility. scroll down and tap javascript. slide the button next to javascript to the "on" position. tap enable javascript.
get a pap test. get the hpv vaccine. lose weight if you're overweight or obese. quit smoking. take estrogen and progesterone together. talk with your family about their medical histories. consider your risk factors for cervical cancer. find out if your family has a history of ovarian cancer. watch for symptoms of ovarian or breast cancer. look for signs of uterine cancer. learn about other gynecological cancers. talk to your doctor about treatment options. get tested for other cancers. get a diagnosis and treatment plan. consider genetic testing.
gather your materials. paint the medium-sized polystyrene balls. add the protons. add neutrons. add electrons. glue the balls together.remove the glue from the atom.use the eye hook to attach the wire to the end of the wire. connect the wire and atom together with the duct tape.tie a fishing line to the other end of your wire. hang the model from the hook.place the model on a shelf or display it. finished.
think of a name for your gossip blog. think of a topic that you would like to write about. come up with a unique password for your blog. make sure to include a link to your facebook, twitter, instagram and other social media accounts so that your fans will be able to find you easily and easily. , make sure that your blog is well-designed and easy to navigate. , add a question and answer section to your blog to make it even more interesting and interesting. , include a q&a section. now that you have all the basics of your blog up and running, you're ready to go!
treat the victim as if they have a spinal injury. splint an injured limb. move the victim to a safe location if they are able to walk.
ask your grandma if she wants to quit smoking. set a date for when she’ll quit. encourage your grandma to write down her reasons for wanting to quit. help your grandma identify her triggers for smoking. encourage her to change her habits. make your grandma’s environment smoke-free. remove all evidence that your grandma used to smoke. show your grandma how much she has changed. provide your grandma with plenty of information about smoking and quitting. offer your grandma resources to help her quit. support her in quitting.
go to the start menu and click on "all programs". go to the "diskmgmt.msc" file and open it. find the active partition you want to set as the bootable partition. download the hex editor (hxd). open up hxd. open the first sector (sector 0) of your hard drive. look for the last 5 lines of the last sector (55 aa). look at the partition table. change the "bootable" flag of the four primary partitions. set the new active partition's bootable flag to "80". reboot your computer. check for the startup bootstrap files. copy the files. install windows xp on your new active active partition. you're done!
see your doctor if you or your child develops signs or symptoms of jaundice. check for jaundICE in infants. get a diagnosis of underlying conditions. treat underlying conditions that cause jaundices. skip treatment if you don’t need it. take a medication to relieve itching. treat infant jaundiced. prevent hepatitis. limit alcohol consumption. maintain a healthy weight. eat a healthy diet. exercise regularly. get plenty of rest. avoid smoking. avoid alcohol and tobacco. take care of your skin and eyes. get regular check-ups. avoid certain medications. take vitamin c. vitamin c is a powerful antioxidant that can help the liver process and fight off liver disease.
cut a piece of wood to the size you want your screw to be. , lay the wood on a flat surface. chisel the edge of the wood. drill a pilot hole for your screw. glue the area. sand it.
dress conservatively. keep your hairstyle simple. accessorize like a yandere. dress in earth-toned colors.
eat a healthy diet. exercise regularly. be kind to yourself. spend time in the sun. stay busy. challenge your negative thoughts.
use "no" instead of "no". use lowercase text. use "y-yeah, g-great!", use "yeah, that's great!", use pause in between words. use the word "yeah". use "what?", use "i'm so thrilled for you!", use the phrase "y34h wh4t 4 c00l 1d34!". use "whaaaaat?", use reaction faces. hit random keys. use random characters. use growls. be creative and creative.
make a pineapple and sugar glaze for baked goods. make a glaze with pineapple juice and brown sugar. try a coconut and rum glaze. use brown sugar and pineapple juice to make a ham glaze icing.
open up about your relationship with your parents. ask your parents why they don’t like your boyfriend. avoid being overly defensive. remember that your parents may not understand your family’s perspective.
check the rear end crash ratings of your car. adjust the headrest. wear a seat belt. drive defensively. understand that whiplash injuries are a common result of car accidents.
understand why you should plant aquatic plants in containers. plant hardy water lilies, tropical lilies and cannas in containers with drain holes. use fabric pots for aquatic plants. choose the size of the container. talk to your local nursery or garden center. use loamy clay soil for the container soil. fill the container 2 to 3 inches full with potting soil. place two to three rhizomes in the container with the “eyes” facing up. place the plant in the center of the pot with the rhizome facing up and the lower end at a 45 degree angle. add more soil to the container and cover the roots with more soil. keep the container out of direct sunlight. keep aquatic plants away from water. water aquatic plants when the soil is dry. fertilize the plants once a week. remove the plant from the container when it is 6 to 12 inches (15.2 to 30.2 cm) tall. water the plants with a spray bottle or spray bottle. use mulch to keep the water off the plants. keep water away from the plants during the winter. prune the plants in the spring and summer. finished.
determine which axis you want each variable to lie on. identify the data points on the x- and y-axis. draw a line from the x and y values. determine the slope of the line. find the y-intercept, or the point on the line where the line crosses the y axis. solve for y. finished.
follow an anti-inflammatory diet. increase the number of fruits and vegetables you eat. eat more fish. increase fiber. avoid certain foods and condiments. use natural sweeteners. take supplements to help with treatment.
purchase a pair of high-quality dog boots online or at a pet supply store. loosen the straps and open the boot completely. place your dog’s paw in the boot and tuck in its fur. fasten any straps or fasten.
pour the milk into a saucepan. heat the milk in a heavy-bottomed saucepan with a nonstick base. whisk constantly to prevent a skin from forming. simmer the milk until most of the water has evaporated. scrape the base of the pan with a rubber spatula or whisk. turn off the heat and remove the milk. strain the milk through cheesecloth. store properly.
cut a length of ribbon long enough to cover your sleeve. , sew the ribbon to one end of the elastic. , fold the ribbon in half lengthwise. , attach the elastic to the ribbon. adjust as necessary.
water your mums regularly. fertilize mums during the vegetative growth period. use a balanced all-purpose fertilizer. protect your mum from pests. prune mums in the spring.
choose a piece of clothing that you want to display. wash and dry the baby clothes. decide how you want the clothes to be framed.
preheat the oven. melt the butter. crush the garlic. slice the baguette. cut the bread into slices. wrap the bread. bake the garlic bread. remove the bread from the oven and cut the slices. serve. finished. , finished.
make “dirt pillows.” make your “pillows” out of orange felt and brown jersey cotton material. make carrot pillows out of green felt and orange felt. make “strawberry pouches” from purple felt and green felt. create a strawberry pouch. make a vegetable garden. finished.
gather your materials. crack the glow sticks. add the glow stick liquid to the water. add hydrogen peroxide and dish soap. stir in the dish soap and seal the container and shake to mix the ingredients.
heat the olive oil in a skillet. cook the onion in the skillet. add the edamame, corn, and soy sauce to the skillet and simmer. stir in the basil and tomatoes. season the salad. serve.
go to magatia. go to the first part of the map, which is the most crowded area. once you get there, you will need to do a quest which requires you to ask questions about maplestory. after you get through the quest, go back to the main map and do the party quest. after that, you can train in the dungeon. you will either get romeo or Juliet.
take a seat in the restraints. close your eyes. count to ten. listen to the music. scream if you need to. talk to other people. if you can, sit in the middle of the cart and look out the window to see what's going on around you. if the ride is slow and the ride isn't too long, you can sit on the edge of the ride and look around. when the ride starts, take a deep breath and try not to think about the fact that you're about to jump out of your seat. when you get to the top of the lift hill, congratulate yourself for making it through.
use candy canes and peppermint to attract birds to your feeder. don’t trap or move the squirrels to a different place. avoid using oil or gel to keep squirrels from climbing the feeder pole. use a feeder with a baffle or a mesh cage to keep the squirrel out.
choose a dry, dry place to store your cast iron cookware. place a paper towel between cast iron pots and pans. store in the oven, if possible. leave the lids off. season your pan or pot prior to storage. clean the pan after each use. dry the cookware before storing. remove any excess oil, grease, or lard after every use. soak your cookware in a bucket of white vinegar. remove the pan or pan from the water. store the pan in a dry place. clean your castiron cookware regularly. replace the lid on your cast metal cookware!
invest in a home security system. install window coverings. lock your doors and windows at night. install timers on your lights and tv when you aren’t home. do not advertise your address on the exterior of your home. ask a friend or neighbor to join a neighborhood watch group. keep your lawn mowed and your front door well-maintained. finished.
do not eat meat or dairy. avoid protein-rich foods. do not eat aspartame. avoid lollipops and jelly-based products.
go green on special occasions. reduce greenhouse gases. practice sustainable agriculture. reduce your car use. save water. reuse, reuse, and reuse. wear green clothes. go green when you go shopping. connect with nature. downsize your home. reduce the amount of waste you use. be green in other ways.
identify the factors which are relevant to your company's current situation. separate the factors into four categories. identify the factors in each category. assign score to each factor. assign scores to each feature. identify relationship between features. calculate total score for each pair of features from each category and answer the following questions. calculate score of each feature from each pair. compare scores. take action based on each strategy's score. finished.
make a toy out of a bottle. make a bottle rocket or toy car out of it.
stay neutral. try to resolve their fights. avoid getting involved. respect their privacy.
use your voice. use structure to your advantage. be as precise as possible. divide your students into groups. use a flotation device. give your students an "edge" to engage them in the lesson. use "repeat after me" or "say what i say" to teach your students what you want them to do. involve your students in the process of learning by having them participate in your presentation.
create a new document in microsoft word. , paste the picture you want to use into the blank space on the left side of the page. click the "insert" menu and select "mailings.", open the "label options" menu. select "label vendors:" from the options menu. find "postcard" in the "postcards" section. click "ok" at the bottom of the label options window to save your postcard. edit the postcard page.
open the image you want to edit in photoshop. click the layer menu and select “lasso”. select a selection type. feather the edges of your image. click and drag your image around in a circle. freehand-select your subject(s). click the lasso tool again. select the “background blur” tool. click “ok.” you’ll now be able to select your subject again (i.e. use a paintbrush or paintbrush to “paint” over your top layer. select layers > merge.
study the butterfly stroke. understand the importance of fitness. introduce the stroke after the swimmers have mastered the other three strokes. begin with the dolphin kick. incorporate the dolphin motion into the butterfly. combine kick and pull. continue to develop skills.
open the terminal. click the "reset password" button. type in the password you want to change. , select "change password". click "save" to save your changes. enter the new password in the "password" field. click "ok" to finalize your password change. log in to your mac using the user you forgot the password for. , reboot your computer.
determine the purpose of your event. obtain permission before conducting an event for a charitable cause. set a budget. determine your target audience and event type. design your event to represent your cause. seek sponsorships and donations. choose a venue. create a marketing plan. recruit volunteers and volunteers. plan the logistics of the event. plan for the unexpected. create an event schedule. plan your menu. make sure your event is budget-friendly. make the most of social media. get the word out. keep your event organized and ready to go.
consult an estate planning attorney. consider the age of your will. estimate the value of your estate. think about your children. determine if someone will challenge your will in court. calculate the current value of the estate. calculate your future estate's value. understand estate taxes. understand the purpose of a probate plan. determine how much of your assets you want to leave to your children and/or adult children. decide how much money you want your children to inherit. decide who your beneficiaries will be. consider creating a trust. create a separate trust for your minor children. create an estate trust. determine the scope of your trust. decide if you want the trust to be public. consider making a separate will for your major children.
download and install the viber app from the app store or play store. launch viber. tap the "join viber" button to sign up for an account. type in the activation code. tap "call" to make your first call.
make homemade hamster food. make healthy treats for your hamster. talk to your vet about a homemade diet first.
ddetermine whether charter schools are permitted in your state. determine if your state has caps on the number of charter schools permitted. find out if there are limits on the type of charter school you can open. decide whether you can commit to the project. think about why you want to start a charter school. write a mission statement. define your ideal charter school's purpose. create a business plan. find a location for your charter school in your community. apply for an employer identification number (ein). apply for a federal tax id number. register with the department of education. obtain necessary licenses and permits. obtain funding. hire staff and staff. open a bank account. create an operating agreement. open your school.
teach good posture. teach proper breathing. teach the child to lift and lower their voice. teach them to match their pitch with the piano. teach children how to raise and lower pitch. teach child how to sing major scales. practice singing solfege syllables. teach kids to sing pure vowels. teach your child to focus on the roof of their mouth for tone. teach that children can read music. practice the child's singing in front of a mirror. hold a recital, if the child is old enough to do so.
express your concern. send a text message or call. deliver a complaint between two positive or empat.
open your iphone’s settings. scroll down and tap reminders. tap accounts. tap calendars. tap manage calendars. , tap add lists. tap on the list you want to add to. , select a list.
gather the ingredients needed to make the soap. melt the coconut oil and beeswax. add the essential oils to the melted coconut oil. pour the soap mixture into the bars. place the bars on waxed baking sheet lined with waxed paper. , place in the refrigerator for up to 24 hours. , use as needed.
try out for cheerleading. if you don't make the school squad, try out for the cheerleading team at your high school. do aerobics and cheer drills every day. do toe touches, herkie jumps, and pike jumps. do strength training.
pay your bills on time. obtain a credit card. consider getting a "starter card.", keep down a job. stay in one place for a few years at a time. keep your housing history stable. apply for credit cards. open multiple checking and savings accounts. pay off your outstanding debt as soon as possible. wait a long period of time before asking for a late payment. create a budget. set aside a certain amount of money every month to save for your credit card payments. avoid making impulse purchases. avoid using credit cards to pay for items you don't really need. don't open a new credit card just to get a better credit score.
consider buying a used wedding dress. rent a wedding gown for a few days before the wedding. choose a wedding dress that is appropriate for the occasion. consider the dress you will wear to the wedding if you are getting married in a less formal setting. consider buying a dress that can be donated to a charity instead.
choose a suitable day for bathing. prepare the bath. place your chicken in the first tub. place the chicken in tub one. place them in tub two. rinse the bird in the rinse tub. dry the chicken off with a clean towel, and pat them dry with a paper towel. check their beaks, nails, and beaks for signs of over-growth. put them back in their coop or cage, and make sure they are clean and dry before returning them to the coop. , make sure that their cage is clean and ready for show-ready chickens. , put the chicken back in its coop/cage and close the door. , leave them alone for a few hours to get used to the idea of being in the show and enjoy the show!
inflate your kite. attach your lines. fasten your harness. attach the middle bar to the bar on your bar. connect your harness to your bar and leash. turn the kite over and stand on the launch point with a knowledgeable friend. finished.
set up a trap to catch moths. check your corn every week for signs of infestation. check the ears of the corn plants to make sure they are free of eggs. take at least 1 sample per 4 acres of corn. use a 3-foot-long cloth to sample the corn. measure the length of the worms on the cloth. divide the number of worms by the row foot count to determine your tolerance threshold for the worms in your corn crop.
use this method for vertical manual locks. get a wire coat hanger. bend a hook into one end. feed the hook into the window. turn the hanger 90 degrees. locate the locking mechanism lever. jiggle and lift up on the hook. call a locksmith.
stay calm. understand the difference between consequence-based punishment and natural consequences. use consequences to teach your children that their actions have consequences. take away a privilege. set up a “time out” spot. put your child in time-out. consider grounding your teenager for a short period of time.
identify sources of spending that are draining your money. look for ways to cut back on spending next year. organize your financial documents in a way that makes them easy to find. put all of your financial records in one place each year.
calculate the nth element of the binary representation of n. to calculate the number of 1s in the binary format of n, use the following method.
remove the dust caps from your lens and sensor. remove the lens from the sensor. lift the edge of the ring nearest to the focal length guide numbers. place a rubber band over the ring. test your lens to see if it creeps.
take a screenshot of the crosshatch. if you can, take a picture of the subject of the image using a digital camera. if possible, take another screenshot of your image using your digital camera as well.
click on “start” button from the start menu and select “run” from the menu. click on the “troubleshoot problems with transparency and other aero effects”. select the option “apply repairs automatically” and click on next button. click “next” to complete the process and click the next button to start the process. now you will get “services” in the result. contact your local tech support center or tech site for help. maintain your computer.
open the uber app. , sign in to uber. tap ☰. tap payment. tap add payment method. tap request uber. type in a destination. select a driver. , tap request.
check the quality of the meat. remove the meat from its packaging. prepare the meat for freezing. wrap the meat in freezer-safe plastic wrap. place the wrapped meat on a baking sheet. add a layer of meat to each freezer bag.
set your multimeter to resistance mode. plug the leads into the multimeter. disconnect the diode from the circuit. touch the leads in the forward-bias direction. test in the reverse direction. try a new diode.
increase the size of your lungs. practice in a calm environment. wait until your stomach is empty. be gentle.
walk as much as you can each day. run. ride a bike. do leg kicks. try barrel kicks. do circles. do lunges. do squats. go swimming. roll your hips with an exercise ball. do inclines. eat plenty of protein. drink plenty of water. avoid foods that are high in calories. don't expect to see results immediately. understand the difference between weight loss and body fat reduction. know that weight loss is not the same as muscle loss. know how to lose weight if you are overweight or obese. understand how weight loss works. know what to do if you're overweight. know when to see a doctor. be aware of your risk factors.
make sure your dog is up-to-date on its vaccinations. talk to your veterinarian about what vaccinations your dog needs. set a schedule with your veterinarian. schedule annual checkups with your vet. make an appointment for your dog's next vaccination. keep a vaccination calendar. keep track of when vaccinations need to be administered. get your dog vaccinated as needed.
choose your champagne. pour the orange juice and champagne into a cocktail shaker. add a splash of triple sec. finished.
understand the difference between traditional and functional styles of fighting. be respectful of everyone around you. know your style. train to fight, not to train to be strong. eat a balanced diet. practice shadowboxing. practice your fighting stance. practice fighting with a partner. practice sparring. learn how to defend yourself. learn to defend your friends and family. learn the art of karate. learn jiujitsu. learn taekwondo. learn striking arts. learn kickboxing. learn judo. learn kata. learn tae. learn boxing.
put money into a pension fund. contribute as much as you can to your pension. claim tax relief.
turn on ftp access on the server computer. download and install an ftp server manager. connect to the server from the client computer.
understand what makes a good tweet headline. keep it short. use the right words. make it simple. ask a question. ask for help. include a call to action in your tweet. make sure your tweet is timely. make your tweet easy to follow. use hashtags to your advantage. keep your tweet fresh and interesting. be sure to include links to related content. be consistent.
wash your hair with shampoo and conditioner. apply a leave-in conditioner to your hair. , comb through your hair from roots to ends. , run your fingers through it. shake it out. blow dry it with a blow dryer. use a round brush or a paddle brush. dry your hair in sections. divide the hair down the middle into sections. dry the lower layers first. make sure that the layers are completely dry. brush your hair out with a wide-toothed paddle brush, if you use one. take a flat iron and straighten your hair, starting at the bottom of your head and working your way to the top. , continue straightening your hair until you reach the nape of your neck. , blow dry the hair with a hair dryer if you used one. , finish with a hairspray. , use a straightening spray to set the straighten. , repeat steps 3 and 4 until your hair is completely straight. , style your hair as you like it. finished.
set aside some time to reflect on your values. write down a list of your happiest memories. look for the things that trigger extreme feelings of injustice, sadness, or anger. define human needs. list your personal values. consider your decision-making strategies. spend a day watching what makes you tick. take the 70-70 test. imagine yourself in a situation in which your values are threatened. ask yourself why you value the things you do. think about what you value most about others. consider how your values impact your daily life. consider the impact your values have on the world around you. evaluate your values in relation to your personal beliefs. consider whether you are living up to your values through your work or education. evaluate whether your values align with your spirituality or beliefs. reflect on the big picture.
part your hair down the center. braid two sections of hair from your temples. tie the braids off. split your hair into two equal-sized sections. start the left back braid. begin the right back braraid. wrap the mini braids around your head.
visit the internet crime complaint center website. provide the requested information. receive an email from ic3. provide any helpful information about the fraud.
decide on the colors and patterns of the ribbons you'd like to use for the necklace. measure out the amount of ribbon that you'll need. begin knotting the lengths of ribbon together. make a loop at the end of each length and add a button. wear the necklace as desired. finished.
preheat the oven to 180ºc/350ºf. , place the parsnips into a baking dish. place the baking dish into the oven. remove from the oven and allow to cool. place in a roasting pan. add the oil to the pan. serve immediately. finished.
get a good night's sleep the night before. dress nicely. look presentable. act confident. get good grades. get involved in your community. show your hobbies and interests. be active. get a recommendation letter. look professional. shake their hands. be friendly. be respectful. don't brag or brag about your family. show respect. speak well. introduce yourself. do your homework. prepare for the interview. be prepared for common questions. thank them.
bring your vegetable stock to a simmer. cook your onions. stir in the sorrel and onions. mix the cream and egg yolks. add the cream mixture to your broth. add your eggs to the soup. serve the soup immediately.
ggather your ingredients. preheat the oven to 350 degrees fahrenheit (180 degrees celsius). , grease and flour a cake pan. bring the butter to room temperature. whisk the flour, salt and baking powder. peel and slice the apples. combine the dry ingredients in a large bowl. add the wet ingredients to the dry. pour the batter into the pan. bake the cake.
choose the right rod and reel. use a fast action rod. choose the right bait. consider using a sinker. try jigging. find cod in the right time of year. find a spot with deep water. look for cod feeding spots. choose your bait. hold your rod correctly. press the release button on your rod. release the hook. pull the line tight. reel in the fish. release your hook. cast again. cast with the fish in the same direction. keep the fish at eye level. keep your eye on the fish as it swims toward the surface.
identify the question. draw a diagram of the problem. study related theorems and proofs. ask for help if you get stuck.
talk to your doctor. meet with a registered dietician. consult a certified fitness professional. understand the benefits of exercise during pregnancy. warm up and cool down before and after exercise. do low-impact, moderate intensity cardiovascular exercise. include strength training. try a yoga class. attend a pilates class. take a prenatal fitness class. get a prenatal massage. take prenatal vitamins and minerals. eat a balanced diet. drink plenty of water. eat foods high in omega-3 fatty acids and fats.
determine if you’re using a restrictive or non-restrictive clause. determine if the clause adds information to the sentence without changing the meaning of the sentence. use “which” in your sentence if omitting the clause changes the meaning. surround the clause with commas if it’s a non-frusive clause.
see if he's in your circle of friends. see if he goes to your wall often. look at the comments he makes on your photos. see what he says to you. see how often he adds comments to your statuses. talk to him. if you want to know if he likes you back, then you have to meet him in person or in person.
make sure you have a flash player installed. install the extension. make sure your flash player has a 'xray connector' in it. attach the 'connector' to the debugger. connect the debugger to the flash player. start the debugger, and wait for it to run the xray.swf.
choose a suitable color of felt for the box. decide on a design plan. cut out the felt backing pieces. glue the backing pieces in place. arrange the design pieces on the felt. decorate the lid edge. add a personal touch to the lid. write a name on the lid or front side of the box, if desired. done. done!
try hypnosis for escalaphobia. try cognitive behavioral therapy (cbt). try exposure-based therapy.exposure based therapy is a type of psychotherapy that works with a therapist to help you overcome your phobia. ask your therapist about eye movement desensitization therapy (emdr) therapy.
visit a filipino restaurant. use the right utensils. try some dishes.
learn the altissimo fingerings. blow into the clarinet harder. play a. play the 3rd space/middle register c# note. play an octave above the staff. play d. play g#. play e. play f. play b. play c. play high f. this note can also be played by pressing the 2nd and 3rd holes on the upper joint, but instead of using the upper left pinky key, use the lower left one. , play the g# note again. play h. play i. this is the high c. now, play the 5th ledger line. play your first high c note. practice playing high c on the mouthpiece.
use the fade-out method. stop initiating contact. stop talking like friends. say "no" to invitations. make excuses if you have to. be prepared for the person to ask you what's going on. cut the person off if he or she is abusive or manipulative.
create an agenda topic for the upcoming meeting. , notify all staff members of the meeting of the upcoming agenda meeting. notify the attendees of the agenda meeting in a timely manner. request a list of all agenda topics from the contributing presenters. list the agenda items on the meeting agenda. create a table of contents for each agenda item. review the agenda item list with each contributing presenter. add any additional agenda items to the table as they become available. , distribute the agenda to staff members at least 2 days prior to the meeting. review and edit the agenda before the meeting to ensure it is up to date. , ask staff members to review and comment on the agenda at the meeting before it happens.
open the task manager. tap the "view all" button. tap on an app. find the app you want to close. tap and hold the app until it quits down.
preheat the oven to 350 degrees fahrenheit (180 degrees celsius). prepare a baking sheet and a cooling rack. mix the sugar, rice vinegar, and maple syrup. place the bacon on the wire rack. bake the bacon for ten minutes. add the sugar glaze. brush the glaze on both sides of the bacon. baste the bacon with the sugar-maple syrup. remove the bacon from the oven. serve the bacon immediately.
consider the volume of a cube. consider thevolume of a cylinder. think about the volumeof a cone. consider a sphere.
understand why you enjoy people watching. be aware of the difference between people watching and naturalistic observation. find a suitable place to people watch. find yourself a suitable position. find something to do while you watch. talk to the person you're observing. observe the person's body language. listen to the way the person talks. observe how the person reacts to your questions or comments.
be prepared for an anxious departure. prepare for your flight. enjoy the flight. explore the airport. go through customs. get used to the culture shock. make the most of college life. don’t be afraid to take risks. enjoy your time in a new country and have fun!
go to your local public library. download ebooks. rent ebooks for a rental period of three weeks.
get a new room. clean the room. go through all of your old clothes. paint the walls. replace the flooring. install new flooring if you have it. install all of the necessary equipment. get a light. consider getting a mattress and a chair. get some comfy furniture. find a desk and chair. buy a dresser. buy some dresser drawers. get cds. get stickers. get posters. get pictures. get artwork. get white board calendars. put up some of your favorite things. add some lighting. add a bulletin board. add your bedspread. add curtains. add valances. put in a vanity cabinet. add furniture. add shelves. add storage. add lighting. make your bed. add pillows and pillows. add comforter sheets. add bedding. make sure you have a nightstand. add accessories. add decorations. add pictures. add art. add plants. add artwork. add books. add music. add more decorations. decorate with your pets. make the room your own. add personal touches. make it yours.
explain nonverbal communication to your child. encourage your child to share with others. look people in the eyes when you speak. observe how others interact with each other.
navigate to https://www.google.com/ reminders in your web browser. click a reminder you want to unpin. click the "unpin" button. click unpin again.
rinse the wheels with a hose attachment. use a water-based cleaner to clean the alloy wheels. rinse the wheels off with water. apply a mild acid-based cleaning solution to the wheels. use an acidic solution to remove rust and grease. wax the wheels every 3 months to protect the lacquer. finished.
introduce the main points of the literary work. focus on the main theme of the work. introduce the main ideas of your essay. state your thesis in a single, single-sentence statement about the topic.
consider laser treatment. try non-ablative laser treatments. consider radio frequency skin tightening. consider botox injections. ask about dermabrasion or planing. get a chemical peel to remove wrinkles and tone your skin with acid.
make sure you don't have an ear infection. make a peroxide cleaning solution. make your own peroxide solution. use an applicator. position the ear you're cleaning on your head. pour the solution into your ear. let the solution sit for five to 10 minutes. drain your ear with a cotton ball or cotton swab. flush out the earwax with a rubber bulb syringe. repeat the process twice a day for four to five days. dry your ears with a towel and pat them dry.
add a pinch of salt to any dish. add ground cinnamon to any food. use spices to improve food. add pumpkin pie spice to any pie that has a pumpkin pie problem.
make a video with old videos and pictures. make a photo collage. take some photographs. color and draw in a coloring book.
draw a circle for her head. draw her hair. add guidelines for her ears. draw a vertical line from the tip of the circle to 3 spaces down it. draw the shape of her body. add her arms, hands and feet. add the details of her legs and shoes. outline your drawing with black ink. add details to her face. outline her body and add details. erase guidelines and outline by drawing thick lines using a black pen or marker. color in your drawing using black ink and a black marker. , color in her clothes and accessories. outline and color your drawing. erase the guidelines and erase the black pen from your drawing and you're done!
find your contract. identify the broadcaster’s obligations. meet with an attorney. gather helpful evidence. check whether you can terminate the agreement. draft a breach of contract notice. identify how the broadcaster breached the contract. explain what you want the broadcaster to do to fix the breach. check if you can sue. draft your complaint. file the complaint. serve notice on the broadcaster. file your lawsuit. serve the broadcaster with a copy of the complaint, if necessary. read the broadcaster's response. participate in discovery. defend against a motion for summary judgment. attempt to settle the dispute. go to trial. receive the verdict of the lawsuit.
buy a fishing rod. buy bait. find a fishing spot. buy fishing equipment. cast out your line. choose a fishing mode. cast your line into the water and start reeling. keep the moving bar in the blue area to catch the fish. fish for orange fish in passive mode. catch blue fish in active mode. keep your eye on the target durability and fishing equipment durability. avoid using other players in your party. use bandit bags. catch orange fish with a bandit bag. catch green fish with the green fishing set. catch yellow fish with green equipment.
place the lemons in a bucket and fill it with water. add a few drops of essential oil to the bucket. place the bucket on a flat surface. cut a long plank from a piece of plywood. paint the plank with orange, lime, lemon, or lime juice. place another plank on top of the first plank. add another plank to the body of the scarecrow. fill the bucket with lemon or orange juice. dress the scarecrows in old clothes. repeat the process every few weeks to maintain the fresh, citrus-scented scent. finished.
set your goals. make a highlight tape. get a high school coach's endorsement. get invited to camps. follow up with the coaches. call the schools you want to play for. build a website. create a twitter account. build an instagram account. get an e-mail account. make sure you have a blog, a facebook page, a twitter page, and a website for your high school team. , create a youtube page for your college team, and make sure it has pictures of you, your team, your coaches, and your highlights.
use sunlight to your advantage. avoid multiple light sources. don’t use a flash. hold your phone in two hands. take as many photos as you can without pausing the camera.
go to your facebook page. select the "users" report. look at the daily active users breakdown chart. analyze the data weekly or monthly.
do not get an online teaching certificate unless you are absolutely sure that you want to teach english as a second language. do not apply for any qualifications that are not recognised by a reputable school or university. study for your online certificate for at least 6 hours per week for a minimum of 12 weeks. apply for a teaching certificate when you are ready to start looking for a job. choose a reputable university to take your course from. attend all of the sessions that are offered on your celta or trinity certificate course.
make sure you're registered to vote. make sure you meet the basic eligibility requirements. fill out a registration form. submit your registration form to a public office.
wash your face twice daily. use a facial soap made for oily skin. wash your face with hot water. rinse with cold water.
learn about your condition. build a healthcare team. be your own advocate. join a support group. don’t give up on yourself.
get in shape. strengthen your core and upper body. take private lessons. stretch out your muscles. take notes on how to do each exercise.
learn about the angerthas erebor. learn about the history of the angrythas. learn how to write the runes. learn the diacrit.
blend the watermelon, lime juice, sugar, and tequila. strain the mixture. pour the mixture into popsicle molds or dixie cups. slice the limes. insert popsicle stick or spoon. freeze.
 redirect a child’s attention. respond to children with affirmative statements. remove things children can’t have. use humor to defuse tension.
make sure that your barbecue is set up properly. make sure that the barbecue has a lid. ensure that the wind is not a factor in the cooking process. if you don't have the space, consider making a fixed setup. consider pre-cooking the base of the pizza. place the pizza on a flat plate and place the roasting pan on top of it. add the toppings and cook until the crust is almost cooked through. remove the pizza from the barbecue and allow it to rest for a few minutes before serving. serve the pizza and enjoy. enjoy your barbecue pizza. finished.
pre-treat the bra for stain removal. fill a sink or bucket with warm water. add detergent or shampoo to the water. soak the bra. rinse the bra in clean water. dry the bra with a clean towel. lay the bra flat on the end of a dry towel. , pat the bra dry with a paper towel or a clean, soft cloth. , put the bra into the dryer. , let the bra air-dry for at least 10-15 minutes. , finished.
schedule a time to see her off before she leaves. tell her how you feel. give her a hug.
use a mattifying primer if you have oily skin. make sure your foundation is dry before applying it. apply your foundation properly. use a setting powder.
wash your hands thoroughly with soap and warm water. , exfoliate your hands with warm water to remove any dirt and dirt. , apply a moisturizer to your hands. , rub your hands dry with a clean towel. , wash your hands again with warm, soapy water to get rid of any dirt, dirt, and grime. , use a nail exfoliator. , file your nails with nail fileers. clean all equipment. , make sure all tools are clean and sterilized. , choose an oil. warm the oil. remove any nail polish. file the nails. massage the oil into the skin. soak the hands. remove the hands from the oil bowl. lift up the cuticles. dry the hands with a towel. apply a warm compress to the hands to relax them. , massage the hands again. apply an anti-inflammatory cream. apply nail varnish to your nails. apply top coat to complete the manicure. , finished.
use a four inch wide bandage. wrap in a criss-cross pattern over the foot. wrap around your heel. wrap the front of your ankle. wrap your calf and thigh. check the bandage for wrinkles. make sure the wrap is not too tight. see your doctor. use a compression wrap for strains and sprains. use compression wraps to promote healing. watch for signs of an infection. keep compression wraps clean. use the right kind of elastic. change the wrap regularly. replace the wrap.
go to a warm place. remove your shoes and socks. remove any tight clothing or bandages. apply a hot compress to the affected area. immerse the frostbitten area in warm water. do not massage or rub the area. avoid using dry heat sources. keep the skin intact when blisters occur. wrap your frostbite injury in gauze or clothing. see a doctor to drain blisters. take acetaminophen to reduce pain and swelling. wait for the frostbite to heal. understand how frostbite occurs. know the signs and symptoms of frostbite. recognize the symptoms of hypothermabrasion. identify the symptoms and symptoms. know how to recognize hypothermia. recognize signs of hypochondrosis. know what hypotheriopathy is. recognize how to identify hypothermatia. understand what hypochondia is. learn what hypoallermia is. be aware of hypoglycemia.
understand what a sober living home is. decide what kind of home you need. decide how long you want to stay. think about location and transportation. ask your case manager for recommendations. ask other people for referrals. visit at least three homes. call the homes you are interested in. schedule an appointment to tour the home. talk to the staff. ask about the home’s amenities. ask questions about the program. ask if you can stay in the home for a certain amount of time. make sure the home meets your needs. discuss your expectations with the home staff.
measure your dog. place the carrier in a central location in your home. play with the carrier. let your dog explore the carrier on its own terms. put your dog in the carrier for short periods of time. train your dog to enter the carrier without treats. take your dog on trips to fun places. exercise your dog before a trip. line the carrier with blankets. add a toy. consider a sedative.
play with plushies. invite your friends over. watch tv. watch the news. play dress up. play with your plushies again. watch some more tv. have a sleepover at your house. when you wake up, go to your room and have breakfast with your buddies. when it's time to go to bed, check to see if your mom is still awake. if it's okay, go back to your bedroom and go to sleep. have fun!
keep electrical cords away from pets. keep plants out of reach. keep chemicals out of the reach of pets. never leave candles unattended. don't leave toys out for pets to play with. keep heaters and fireplaces away.
measure the area around the water heater. buy a curtain rod track and curtain rod tracks. mark out where the ceiling brackets should go. drill holes for the drywall anchors. install the ceiling bracket anchors. connect the track pieces to the curtain rod. attach the brackets to the ceiling. add the curtain gliders. mount the curtain. hang the curtain from the ceiling hooks.
understand the benefits of micro lending. understand the risks of micro loans. understand that micro loans are not secured. consider using a micro lending tool to automate micro lending for you.
take your dog to the vet. rule out other conditions. run tests to confirm the diagnosis. understand that this is a cosmetic condition. learn about treatment options.
open facebook. tap ☰. sign in to your facebook account. tap groups. tap edit. tap the group you want to add to favorites.tap the ☰ next to a group.
ask your client about their skin type. wash your client's face. cleanse the eye area. examine the face. exfoliate the skin. massage the skin gently with your fingers. apply a little bit of cleanser to the skin, and gently massage it with your finger tips. apply the exfoliating lotion to the face, and massage it into the skin with your fingertips. , apply a small amount of water to your hands, and rub your fingers on the skin in a circular motion. use your fingers to apply a mud mask to your client’s face. rinse the face with warm water. apply cleanser again, and once again, gently pat the skin dry with a clean towel. apply moisturizer to your face. , gently pat your face dry, and apply a light layer of moisturizer on your hands. , pat the face dry again with a towel. , repeat the above steps for the rest of the face and neck. , remove any remaining makeup. , congratulate your client. finished.
use cordless window coverings. install window guards and safety netting. secure windows from the top and bottom. use outlet plates over plastic outlet covers. install door knob covers and locks. use a washcloth to keep a door closed. use cardboard to close a doorknob. install a smoke alarm in every room in your home. replace your co-monoxide and carbon monoxide detectors. close all windows and doors at the same time. use child-proofing locks on doors and windows. install child-safe locks on cabinets and drawers.
never give up!, don’t be afraid to ask yourself, “what’s the worst that can happen?
focus on sad thoughts or memories. display sad facial expressions. display full-body signs of sadness. cry. sigh. show signs of sleep deprivation. show a lack of interest in the world around you. resist attempts to cheer you up and stay sad.
choose your fabric. choose your floss. get an embroidery needle. get the rest of your supplies. choose a design. decide on a method of transferring the design. plan your design. put your hoop together. cut your thread. double check your thread length. thread your needle. attach the hoop to the needle. start embroidering. transfer your design to the fabric. fill in the areas you want to fill. repeat the process until you’ve covered the area you want. finish the project.
take anti-inflammatory medications. get regular injections. use a splint. consider hand surgery. perform hand therapy after surgery. continue to take care of your hand.
choose the type of wood you want to quarter saw. choose a log that is the right size for your saw. examine the log to see if you can quarter saw the medullary rays. cut off the ends of the log, which should be at least 6 inches (15 cm) long. remove the outer bark, which is the outer, darker-colored part of the wood, from the log. place the board on a cutting board and hold it in your hand. , hold the board with your thumb and forefinger about 3 to 4 inches (7 to 10 cm) away from the top of the board. , turn the board over and look at the board to see how it looks. , examine the annual rings on the sawn board.
use a shovel or spade to move the soil around in your yard or garden. gather your tools. fill a container with moist soil and cover it with leaves. wait for the right time of day. hunt for worms after a storm. turn over rocks, logs, and leaves to look for worms. dig in the ground.
don’t limit yourself to gym shoes. skip the socks. stick to classic looks and solid colors. think about what you’ll wear.
rest your shin splints. ice your shins. avoid high impact exercises. wear the right shoes. stretch your toes against a wall. stretch the top area of your calf. do a calf stretch. stretch out your calf muscles. do an achilles tendon stretch. perform a calf flexion stretch. do the heathilles stretch. draw your toes. walk with one foot in front of the other. try walking on one foot. do calf raises.
start a new game. select your team. choose your team captains. arrange your lineup. choose a starting pitcher and a catcher. fill in the rest of the positions. choose an inning amount. try not to get too predictable. learn how to catch fly balls and in-fielding. learn to throw and catch. practice batting. practice catching fly balls. practice hitting. practice throwing and catching. practice first-base. practice second base. practice third base. try catching ground balls. try hitting home runs. practice fielding. play a few practice games. learn the rules of the game. get to know the field. get familiar with the field and the field rules. get used to the scoreboard. get comfortable with the game's controls.
find out if your luggage was misplaced or lost. file a claim with your airline's baggage service office. keep a copy of your boarding pass. document the contents of your bags. consider consulting an airline attorney as a last resort.
download and install adobe acrobat pro. open the pdf file you wish to convert. click the “export” button. select “ excel” from the drop-down menu. click “convert”. save your file.
communicate with your team members. hold meetings to discuss the plan. put the best people in the right positions. create value for the customer.
choose your root vegetables. mix a glaze with maple syrup and butter or olive oil. add the vegetables to a baking sheet. roast the vegetables. serve the roasted vegetables with your favorite.
understand that anger is not the solution. explore your feelings. talk to someone about your feelings if you have been having these feelings for a long time. remember that life is about having a positive outlook.
pour the play-doh into a small bowl.you can use any number of balls you’d like to make into a ball, or you can use one that’s large enough to cover the entire ball. add water to the ball. knead the dough with your hands. store the dough in an air-tight container in a cool, dry place.
eat brain healthy foods. get enough sleep. exercise to keep your body and mind active.
choose a wine merchant that allows you to compare prices online. buy from a local merchant if you live in the same country as the merchant. look out for sales. buy directly from a winery. join a wine club. try samples and half-size bottles. pick-up your order. read the wine reviews on the internet to get a good idea of the wine you want to buy. if you do not have time to shop online, you can always buy wine from a wine store that has a lot of reviews.
place a superscript after the quote or clause. cite a reference in a note. create a bibliography.
decide what kind of scene you want to be. part your hair to the side. if you have long hair, straighten it up and put it in a ponytail or braid. , if you don't want to do that, you can do a side part with bangs. , you can also do a half part with a braid or ponytail. you can go for a very simple look. get bangs that go straight across your forehead. straighten your hair so it doesn't have any waves. , put your bangs up straight over your eyes. , straighten the top of your hair and make it look like it's layered. , dye your hair black or platinum blond. , do an extreme color. do a dark color. experiment with different colors. finished.
join a support group. create a crisis plan. learn deep breathing techniques. perform progressive muscle relaxation exercises. do some grounding exercises to bring yourself back.
combine all of the ingredients except the egg white in a cocktail shaker. add ice and shake again. pour into a glass. garnish and serve.
wash your jeans by hand. wash your jeans every 2 to 6 months. spot clean your jeans instead of washing them in the washing machine. put your jeans outside when they start to smell. freeze your jeans. know when it's time to take your jeans out of the closet or the dryer.
preheat the oven to 350 degrees fahrenheit (180 degrees celsius). , beat the eggs in a large bowl. sift the flour into a bowl. add the sugar to the flour mixture. beat the egg yolks in a separate bowl. beat in the vanilla and extracts. pour the batter into a greased tube pan. place the pan in the preheated oven. remove the cake from the oven and place it on a wire cooling rack to cool. , cut the cake into slices. finished.
place your image on your tabletop. draw the outlines of your image. shade in the outlines on the underside of the tracing paper. transfer your image to your drawing paper. outline your outline. finish your drawing.
open adobe illustrator and create a new project. open your image in adobe photoshop. click on the fill tool and select the circular fill tool. , select the gradient tool and set the color to black. , click ok and move your fill to the bottom of your image. , set your background color to white and click ok. , go to file > new > fill > fill. , create a sphere. select the sphere tool and drag it to the top of your sphere and clone it. select your fill and set it to white. create a second sphere. create the rim of your pot. erase the top part of the sphere. go to layer > merge > new layer. select a new layer and move it back a layer until it becomes your first layer. add a shadow to your new layer by selecting the shadow tool and dragging it over the top layer. choose a new text color. add the text color to your text. move your text layer to the right and select your text tool. select and drag the shadow to the left of your new text layer. set your text to black and press ok.
soak the pan overnight in baking soda and water. scrub the pan with a soft, nylon scrubber or sponge. wash the pan in the sink. dry the pan off with a towel.
open the kik app. open the settings menu. go to your account settings. reset your kik account. confirm the reset.
choose a ballpoint pen for a basic option. try a rollerball pen for sharp lines. go with a gel ink pen for smooth lines. use a fountain pen for durability and efficiency. consider a felt tip pen for bold, bold writing. buy a few non-refillable pens for durability. pick a sticicic pen for comfort. look for a pen with an ergonomic design that suits you.
check the labels on the sweaters to make sure that they are made with animal fiber. cut the arms off of each sweater and cut along the side seams. wash the wool sweaters in a washing machine. dry the wool before you use it. cut four squares and rectangles out of the fabric. cut out the rectangles and squares. sew the front and back panels of the pillow together using a ½-inch (1.27-centimeter) seam allowance. sew together the panels. pull the pillow out. stuff the pillow with fiberfill, if desired. finished.
open up your html file and create a new document. , create two divs, one on each side of the page. change the css style of the first div to css-style. add some content to the left and right divs. add the class to the right div. set the width of the box to 80% of the screen. create a border around the two boxes. test it out. finished.
take a morning walk. have dinner together. tell your parents how important they are to you. offer to help them with something. talk to your parents.
call the court clerk. check the court’s deadline. document the extenuating circumstances. inform the other side. consider hiring an attorney. open a word processing document. address the letter to the judge. state the reason for the continuance. include a salutation. explain the nature of your illness. attach a copy of your medical records. include the date of the hearing. conclude the letter. sign and date the document. make copies of the letter for your records. send the letter by certified mail. wait for a response from the court. prepare for your hearing. appear in court on the date scheduled. present your case. ask the judge for the hearing date.
understand the parts of the parabola. write the equation of the equation. find the axis of symmetry. plug the values of x and y into the equation to get the y coordinate. find your vertex. create a table with x in the first column and y in the second column. calculate the coordinates of y and x. interpret the graph as a straight line. draw the graph with the vertex in the middle of the line. graph the graph without the vertex. interpret your graph with a point-by-point approach.
go to the edmodo website. click the "sign in" button in the upper-right corner of the page. click "logout" in the menu.
start with a professionally recorded track of the song. take the lyrics and imagery from the song and combine them into a story. think about the elements of the video. create a storyboard of your video. scout for a location. find actors and dancers. hire a camera crew and other professionals. plan a schedule for the shoot. take lots of shots. edit the video with a video editing software. upload the video to youtube. share the video on social media.
be aware of your own thoughts. be aware of the messages you've been telling yourself. accept your own emotions. learn to disassociate from your own emotional field. pay attention to how they act around other people. listen to what they say. notice how they behave around others. notice their mannerisms. recognize that you don't have to feel what others are feeling. observe the force field surrounding you. leave the room if you need to, but don't feel like you have to. remember that you are not responsible for anything.
open the gmail website or the inbox app. find a message you want to apply a label to. click the "create new" button. create a new label. decide whether the label should be nested inside another label. click "apply" to apply the label to your message(s). view your labels. set incoming messages to automatically apply labels. open the settings menu in gmail. select "filter" from the left menu. tap the "search" tab. enter criteria to search for messages. select the "apply filter to matching messages" box. use the inbox website or app to manage your labels and filters. open your label menu. click or tap the "(create new") button. enter a name for the label. select from the rules available in the label settings. choose whether to bundle messages in a label. choose to push messages to the top of your inbox (optional). browse your labels in inbox. add new labels to your inbox. sort your inbox by label. add a filter to filter a message. manage your filter manually.
use a spanish- english dictionary. do your homework every night. talk to your parents about spanish in spanish. play spanish games and watch spanish movies. pay attention in class. ask your teacher if you don't understand what he or she is saying. go over your notes from class. review your notes before the test. ask what a word or instructions mean if you're nervous. if you are taking the test, ask what the teacher is telling you if you do not understand what they are saying.
understand the purpose of focus groups. identify your target demographic. consider the size of your target audience. consider a "control group.", be clear about what the focus group's purpose is. recruit an assistant. find a quiet, comfortable space. ask open-ended questions. consider how you will store your data. create a password-protected database. make sure participants are aware of the privacy requirements of your focus group. create an introduction. ask participants to fill out a questionnaire. ask questions about their opinions. keep the discussion focused on the topic at hand. keep it short and to the point. don't ask too many questions. ask for a second opinion. keep track of the results of the group.
wash and slice the potatoes. cook the potatoes for 5 to 6 minutes. fry the bacon. saute the onion and celery. stir in the flour, sugar, salt, and pepper. make the dressing. combine the potato salad and serve.
eat a good breakfast. drink plenty of water. get your equipment ready. bring a change of clothes. arrive at the tournament early. know your opponents.
transfer money from another account into your overdrawn account. make a plan to pay back the debt. pay back any fees that your bank charges you. meet with a financial advisor. deal with your credit card company’s interest.
go to https://www.facebook.com. click on the “post” button. select the pictures you want to post. write your post. share your post on facebook.
pound out the chicken. mix the flour, salt, and pepper. make your egg wash. heat the olive oil. coat the chicken breasts. cook the chicken breast. add the lemon rinds and broth. add butter and flour. cook and serve.
look for abnormal vaginal discharge. check for redness, burning, and itching sensations at the genitals. be aware of discomfort during sexual intercourse. know when you need to get tested for an sti or stds. get a blood test or cervical screening test. take antibiotics to treat trichomoniasis. watch for side effects of antibiotics. get regular check ups from your doctor or health care professional. use protection during sexual activity. avoid sexually transmitted diseases (stds). get tested and treated for hiv. get treated for other stis if you have other symptoms.
use portals. pick up objects. use momentum. use cubes. fight against turrets. knock down a turret. protect yourself from energy balls. solve energy ball puzzles.
purchase a super strong welding adhesive. place the nut on the screw head. allow the adhesive to dry. remove the screw.
realize that death is a natural part of life. look at pictures of your relative. ask for mementos of the relative. remember to have fun. talk to someone. understand that this is going to feel like the end of the world. don't forget about the person. give yourself time to grieve. remember the good times you had.
determine your yarn’s gauge. select a yarn weight. select your drape. use the right yarn.
recognize bullying. understand why kids bully. tell someone. talk to an adult. confide in someone. find a safe place. avoid being alone. stay calm. tell the bully to stop. build your self-esteem.
make a plan. measure the area. make a list of cattle panels. mark your survey lines. go and buy the cattle panels you need. set up the panels. adjust the panels as needed. reinforce the panels with t-posts or wooden fence posts, if needed. install the panels and gates, if you have not already done so.
seek out like-minded friends. confide in others who can relate to your concerns. seek advice from a mentor or a parent if you need it.
exercise. cry it out. talk to someone you trust. write in a journal to reduce anxiety and anger.
cook the onion, salt, and pepper. add the flour and milk. stir in the ham and cheese. combine the breadcrumbs, cheese, and eggs. heat the oil in a large pot. shape the croquettes. coat each croquette in the egg and breadcrumb mixture. fry the croQUettes. finished.
get a part time job. question every purchase you make. keep track of your money. try to save at least 10% of your allowance every month.
open twitter. tap your profile picture. tap the profile picture of the tweet you wish to delete. tap ⚙️. tap edit. tap delete tweet. tap remove.
consider the commitment you will be making. understand the mission of the u.s. army. review the general requirements. contact a recruiter. meet with your recruiter to discuss your options. choose a job. take the asvab test. study for the aptitude test. prepare for basic training. complete the physical fitness training. participate in the psychological fitness training program. complete your initial training.
do a spinal stretch. do the cat tilt. stretch your back and core after a long night's sleep. stretch like a puppy.
do not use window cleaner on an led screen. avoid alcohol and ammonia-free cleaners. read the manufacturer's manual for specific instructions.
embrace the group. smile. have a sense of humor. be yourself. be confident. dress to impress. listen to your girl friends when they have something to say.
contact a local animal shelter or humane society. choose a date and time. recruit volunteers. delegate tasks. ask local restaurants to provide food. buy supplies. set up a donation station. set a payment system for guests to make cash donations.
preheat your oven to 400 degrees fahrenheit (204 degrees celsius). , roast your turkey. remove the turkey from the oven. place the turkey wings in a roasting pan. drain the liquid from the turkey. place your vegetables in a large stockpot. add the vegetables to the stockpot and bring to a boil over medium-high heat. , reduce the heat to medium-low. , remove the vegetables from the heat once the liquid begins to boil. , add the stock and seasonings. , bring the stock to a simmer. remove it from the stove. pour the stock into a large bowl. , skim off the fat from the top of the stock with a wooden spoon. transfer the turkey stock to containers. store the stock in the refrigerator or freezer until you are ready to use it. , use the stock within two to three days. finished.
select the graphic you want to rotate. click on the "format object" tab in the upper-right corner of the screen. select "rotate" from the "size" dropdown in the "arrange" menu. click and drag the picture to rotate it. click "free rotate" to rotate the graphic clockwise or counterclockwise. rotate a set amount of degrees.
prepare your hair for the dye job. dye your hair at home. visit a salon for the color job. take care of your hair after you dye it gray.
measure 1 lb. pour 1 tbsp. add 1/4 tsp. add 2 tbsp. mix in 1/2 tsp. use an fd&c. add mica powder to your bath salts. add a few drops of sea salt to the bath salts to create color. use the entire dead sea salts in your bath to create a high salinity bath.
take the appropriate classes. register for the bar exam. take the bar test. join professional associations. create a business plan. choose a specialty. set aside money for start-up expenses. decide on a location for your office. set up your office space. hire staff. consider hiring a partner. create an online presence. market your law firm. consider joining a professional organization. apply for a state bar license. register with your state's bar association. take continuing education courses. join the bar association in your state. apply to open a personal injury law practice center in your area. join a professional injury law association. get involved in the legal community. network.
reflect on your needs and wants. figure out why you want alone time. pick a good time to have the conversation. use the right phrasing. talk about how you feel. listen to your boyfriend's perspective. set clear boundaries for yourself. talk to a friend or family member about the issue. set boundaries with your boyfriend. be clear about what you want from the relationship. make sure you're both on the same page about boundaries.
talk to your partner. look at the history. be patient. keep a record of everything. tell your partner's ex to stop harassing you. set clear boundaries. confront your partner’s ex directly. block the harasser on social media. change your passwords. consider getting a restraining order. consider taking legal action. consider going to the police. consider hiring a mediator. talk to a therapist or a mental health professional. consider counseling. consider seeing a therapist, if necessary.
combine the dry ingredients. add the fluids. start with a very thick batter if you've never made pancakes before. pour the batter into a greased or greased waffle pan. cook the batter over medium-high heat. remove from the heat and let cool on a wire rack or paper towel to cool. , serve the pancakes. finished.
make henna. prepare henna as a base. apply henna to your hair. wrap plastic around your head. buy indigo. set up your dyeing area. wash your hair and dry it. shampoo and condition your hair before you dye it. comb your hair to get rid of any tangles. divide your hair into sections. put on rubber gloves. make the indigo paste. apply indigo to the paste. cover your hair with plastic wrap or a shower cap. rinse out the paste with cool water. finished.
determine if you can de-authorize the union. research your state’s law. consult with an attorney. draft a petition. submit your petition. hold an election.
wrap a toga around your chest. wrap a sheet around your legs. wrap the sheet around the chest. tie a belt or rope around your waist.
decide why you want to renew your vows. decide what kind of celebration you want. set a budget. pick a venue. choose a date and time for the ceremony. pick your attire. send out the invitations. choose an officiant. decide on the type of music. choose the location. decide if you want a traditional or modern ceremony. decide how you want the vows to be administered. decide whether you want it to be a private ceremony or a public ceremony. choose your vows in front of a mirror. write your vows and renew them again.
choose your embroidery floss or thread. choose your colors. choose a section of hair to wrap. braid the hair. tie a double knot at the base of the braid. tie off the excess thread. repeat the process with the next color of thread. continue wrapping your hair with the other colors. repeat this process until you are satisfied with the design. remove the hair wrap when you are done with the wrap.
learn about the nasa pathways internship program. review current pathways opportunities. meet the basic eligibility requirements. apply for an internship. apply to be a graduate graduate program graduate (rgp). apply for the graduate leadership development program (rpg). apply to become a fellow. learn about the pmf (program for professional fellows). become an astronaut candidate. get a bachelor's degree. have at least three years of work experience. pass the long-duration flight physical. apply through usajobs if you are in the military. contact your local military if you're a civilian.
ask friends and family for recommendations. check with the american dental association. ask your health insurance provider. contact dental schools and hospitals. contact your state’s dental society. ask about dental insurance. find out if the dentist is licensed. ask if they are highly educated. decide if you want a newly graduated dentist or an established dentist. consider whether they are a specialist. check for disciplinary history. read online reviews. consider the location of the office. ask the dentist about their service. ask questions. ask for a written list of questions. schedule an in-person consultation. schedule a follow-up appointment. schedule your next appointment.
totoast the teff seeds, sprinkle them with salt and pepper. toast teff in a pan. heat teff and water in a saucepan. simmer teff for 15 to 20 minutes. remove teff from heat and allow to stand for 5 minutes. serve teff as an accompaniment to a savory dish.
determine what kind of hair you want. go to the salon and make an appointment. find out what you want before you go in. bring pictures with you to the stylist's office. explain your desired cut. sit in the chair with your hair down and your head held high. make sure you have a friend or family member with you while you are waiting for your haircut to be done. ask the stylists questions about the cut. when you get home, tell your stylist what you like. you're done!
level up. think of a level concept. build your level. add your players' starting positions. add the blocks. add some art. test it out. make sure your level is easy to win. publish your level!, give your level a name. add a description. save your level and wait for the right time. ask for help. repeat.
wash and dry the parsley. cut the leaves from the stems. place the leaves in an ice cube tray. add a little water to the tray. put the trays in the freezer. remove the ice cubes when you're ready to use them.
read your work out loud. revise your work. edit your work again. have someone else read your manifesto. proofread your manifesto one more time.
hang up your christmas stockings. leave some cookies by the christmas tree. leave santa a glass of milk. leave a few carrots for the reindeer. make sure you're in bed by the time santa arrives. go to bed early. wake up on christmas morning to find your presents under the tree.
don’t gossip about your frenemy. keep your cool. turn the other cheek. try to see things from their point of view.
water the area where you want to build the pool. fill the pool with water. make a small hole in the ground next to the pool and fill it with a few inches of dirt. fill in the rest of the hole with a layer of topsoil. fill it up with more sand. cover the top of the ground with more dirt and cover it up.
choose the beads. choose the pipe cleaners. make a template for the snowflake pattern. arrange the pipe cleaner stems in a star shape. thread the beads onto the snowflakes. push the beads all the way to the middle of the stem. glue the pipe-cleaners in place. cut a length of invisible thread or monofilament for hanging. tie the ends of the thread together. display your snowflake snowflake decorations on your tree.
buy traps. make sure you have at least one trap in your inventory. place your traps in a place where you can easily see them. set your traps to catch chinchompas.
open messenger. tap the profile icon. tap your name. scroll down and tap switch account. tap add an account. type in the account’s information. tap next. tap require password. enter your password twice. tap done. tap return to the home screen of the account you added.
start with damp hair. divide your hair into sections. texturize your hair. gather your hair up.
calculate your compensation as executor. create a distribution plan for the estate. close the estate's bank account. prepare tax returns for the deceased's income. apply for an estate clearance certificate. file a request for a clearance certificate with your tax services office. wait for the clearance certificate to be issued. distribute assets to the beneficiaries. obtain releases from each beneficiary to whom a distribution is to be made.
visit the vatican city between february and october. plan to see the pope. purchase tickets in advance. book tickets to the v Vatican museums and sistine chapel. book a tour guide for the sistine Chapel and vatican museums. dress appropriately for your visit. leave your luggage at the hotel. be aware of the high rates of petty theft in italy, and be prepared to protect your money and belongings from theft.
poke holes in the bottom of the jug. insert a wooden dowel through one pair of holes. cut a second dowel for each side. create larger holes for bird access. cover the edges of the holes with tape. attach the bird feeder to the jug with nylon string or twine.
find an image hosting service. upload the image. open your html document. insert the image tag. copy the image's url. paste the image url into the html. add an alt attribute. save the html file. check your image. resize the image (optional). set the width and height. add a title and link.
write a simple letter that will make her smile. don’t worry about what you’re going to say if it sounds weird. write a letter that shows your interest in her. use a creative way to make your letter stand out. tell her that you would like to talk to her more. don't worry if she says no or says no.
celebrate the new year with your family. start a new tradition. adopt a tradition.
start with a blank sheet of paper. write down the subject heading of your report. write a section of the report for each subject heading. use the four elements' signs to represent the personality traits of your client/subject. start with the ascant, then the sun in sign, sun in house, sun's aspect, and moon's aspect. think of the qualities of the planet, sign or house that are most relevant to your subject's personality and personality type. look for traits that are strongly related to that planet or house. think about the traits you have found in your subject. write your interpretation. keep your report short and sweet. make sure your report is in a format that is easy for your client to read and understand. don't be afraid to talk to your client about your interpretation with him or her.
choose the right color. choose the right type of dye. apply a deep conditioner. wash your hair. comb through your hair and clip it into four sections. mix the dye according to the instructions. wear gloves. do a strand test. wear an old t-shirt or robe. apply vaseline and nail polish remover. apply the dye to one section of your hair at a time. let the color sit for five to thirty minutes. rinse the hair dye out with cool water. dry your hair with a towel. style your hair as you normally would. style as usual.
purchase a specially formulated cloth shoe cleaner. pre-treat stains with a mild soap and water. place your shoes in the washing machine and start the rinse cycle.
use safety plugs. place heavy furniture in front of the outlets. keep electrical cords out of reach of the toddler’s reach.
remove the door panel from the door. measure the width and height of the door you want to install the speaker in. cut a piece of poster board to the size and shape of the width you want your speaker to be. create a template for the upper template. cut out the hole for the speaker on the base template. measure and cut the hole on the upper-template for the lower template. , attach the upper and lower templates to the door panels using a jigsaw. , pry open the door and remove all of the trim and door hardware. , cut the templates from the fiberboard. attach the 2 pieces of fiberboard to the 2 door panels. , remove the door from the panel. , create a speaker pod. cut the speaker out of the foam rubber padding and vinyl. , drill the speaker hole into the masonite. , sand the speaker pod with black grille cloth. create the speaker enclosure. add padding to the top of the pod. , add the padding and the vinyl to the speaker. staple the speaker to the back of the speaker with edge staple. , reattach the door to the panel and remove the trim. , turn the door back on and check to see if the speaker is working. turn on the speaker and test it.
have a good teacher. encourage your child to speak up in class. ensure that your child has access to a variety of learning resources. provide a stable and stable home environment for your children. provide for your child's well-being during times of hardship. set a good example for the children's time management. help your children to familiarize themselves with past year papers and exercises. make sure that your children eat a healthy diet. encourage good attendance and punctuality. encourage physical activity for children.
purchase some mustard oil. warm the mustard oil up. protect your clothes, skin and work area. apply the oil to your hair. massage your scalp. make sure that all of your hair is covered. let the oil sit on your hair for 10-15 minutes. wash your hair with shampoo. don’t use conditioner. repeat the process up to three times a week. wash out the oil after you’re done.
get copies of your old tax returns. get copies of all your old social security documents. get the irs forms. have a tax attorney or certified tax resolution specialist check your tax returns against your irs estimation of your back tax debt. send each of your unfiled delinquent tax returns to your local irs office by certified mail. decide what to do next. if you are told that you have 30 days to pay back your tax debt by the due date, then you have a month to do it.
understand why you need to seal your granite countertop. make sure the granite is completely dry before sealing it. apply a sealant to the granite. spray the sealant onto the granite with a spray bottle. let the sealer sit on the granite for 10 to 15 minutes. wipe off the excess sealant with a cloth or paper towel. enjoy your newly-sealed granite.
place the apricots into a large bowl. , wash the lemon peel. , slice the rinds. place the ruts in a saucepan. add the sugar, sugar, water and lemon juice. remove from the heat and allow to cool to room temperature. , serve. finished.
increase your intake of essential fatty acids. eat dark green and sea vegetables. take ginseng supplements. try taking maca root. take vitex supplements. massage your abdomen. maintain a healthy weight. reduce stress. get enough sleep. cleanse your liver. eat foods rich in omega -3 fatty acids and vitamin c. vitamin c is an important nutrient that helps the body to produce fsh. take vitamin e. vitamin e is an antioxidant that helps to promote the production of fsh in the body. take folic acid supplements. take supplements to boost fsh levels. consider taking hormone replacement therapy. talk to your doctor about other medications.
feed your guinea pigs vitamin c-rich foods. wash your hands before and after handling the guinea pig. check for dental problems.
determine if the physician is board certified. go to the certification matters website. prepare for an office visit.
use this method if you want to rollback to an older version. restart your system. delete the national instruments folder in c:\program data. open regedit. go to computer\hkey_local_machine\software\ national instruments. delete all keys from the program.
choose the right time and location. take responsibility for your decision. be honest. be direct. keep it short and sweet. keep your statements general. be clear. stay calm and collected. prepare what you're going to say. offer some consolation. be empathetic. be prepared for the worst. do not try to make it about you. keep the conversation focused on the relationship. keep things in perspective. avoid blaming yourself. avoid talking about your ex in front of your partner. avoid bringing up the past. avoid mentioning past arguments. try not to get emotional. avoid making excuses for your actions.
wear a belt. wear a dress. accessorize with scarves. wear tights and socks. wear earrings. wear sheer tights. wear blazers. consider a blazer. dress up a dress with a suit or dress shirt. wear pumps. try a pair of leather flats. wear heels. , if you are a woman, try a dress that is a little bit too loose, but not too loose. , wear a little makeup, such as eyeliner and mascara. finished.
drill a pilot hole. use masking tape to prevent slipping and chipping. test the drill bit. adjust the drill's torque. keep the bit cool. remove the bit if it gets stuck in the material.
start with the date and time of your last meeting. speak clearly about your legal matter. mention any questions you have. request a follow-up meeting. thank your attorney for their efforts. be clear and concise. use standard letter format. type your address and date. include your attorney's information. include a salutation. single space your letter. sign your letter in the blank space.
use environmental punishers to deter cats from jumping on countertops. place baking trays on the countertop. use string and empty cans. use double-stick tape and aluminum foil. try motion-activated alarms. use a noisemaker to startling the cat when he or she jumps on.
park the vehicle on a level, level surface. locate the fog light switch. locate and locate the bumper mounted fog lights. turn off the vehicle’s battery. remove the clip that holds the battery light switch in place. unscrew the washer and nut from the front of the new fog light housing. lift the vehicle off of the ground. place the new housing on top of the old one. insert the new light housing into the space left by the old housing. tighten the bolt with a washer or nut. replace the clip on the back of the light. turn on the battery and test the new lights. adjust the angle of the lights to improve visibility and visibility.
choose a console. pick a game genre. read the instruction manual. start with the lowest difficulty. practice by yourself. play by yourself a lot. don't play the same level over and over again. if you get stuck, walk away and take a break. be polite. play with a friend. play online with your friends. talk to your friends about video games and learn from them as well.
make a casserole. make a curry. stir fry vegetables with leftover roast. make burritos. make chili or stew. make cold roast sandwiches. finished.
open the search bar. type "program access" into the search box. click the magnifying glass icon at the top of the search results. select "default programs" from the list.
have an idea of what you want to do, but don't have the money to do it right now. start saving. think of a service or product that you would like to offer. make sure you have a steady flow of customers. advertise your new business. find out what you have to offer, what you need, and how you can offer it to the public. start selling your product or service. keep track of how many customers you have and how many times you have customers. keep a record of how much money you make and how much you spend on your business. make a business bank account for your business, and keep all of your receipts and receipts.
prepare for ethical interview questions. prepare for ethical questions in medical school interviews. put your patient’s needs first. put the needs of your employer first. reflect on your ability to act with integrity and honesty. use examples to support your responses. respond to an ethical dilemma in a job interview. answer an ethical question in a clinical school interview. use your response to an unethical situation in a medical examination. answer a question about an unethical client. answer questions about unethical practices in the workplace. answer ethical questions about ethics in your personal and professional life.
feed your dog apple cider vinegar twice a week. use acv to treat digestive problems. mix acv into your dog's food if it doesn't like it.
make sure your reserve shooter is equipped. burn your enemy. air blast your target. shoot your target with the reserve shooter. check your killstreaks. you're done!
keep your feet dry. wear clean socks and hosiery. avoid wearing tight shoes. dry your feet thoroughly. be careful.
choose a writing utensil. decide on a theme for your song. write timeless lyrics. break your lyrics into syllables. set your tempo. write the bassline of the song. create the melody. add in other instruments. write a bridge. create a hook chorus. write your verses. create your bridge. add a hook to the chorus. create an instrumental bridge. sing the verses. record your song with a digital audio workstation (daw). edit your song for clarity and rhythm. upload your song to a website. upload the song to your daw. publish it.
isolate the y{\displaystyle y} variable. graph the line of the inequality. find the value of the line below the y-intercept. determine if the line is solid. shade in the area above and below the line, if necessary.
try not to be scared. don't be embarrassed. choose your locker wisely. change in front of friends and family. wear comfortable clothes. wear shoes that are easy to slip on and off. try to change in the morning. change at the back of the room. change slowly. think about how you'll feel when you're half-naked. ignore people who make fun of you. change behind your locker door. wear your p.e. clothes. finished.
choose a magnetic duster or swiffer duster. create a static charge. replace the dusting head or dusting pad. sweep dust off the top of the fan blades. switch out the duster if you run out of dusting heads or pads.
recognize the early symptoms of meningitis. feel the baby's head for bulging soft spots. check for a bulging fontanelle. check the baby for a fever. listen to the baby’s crying. look for stiffness in the body. examine the skin tone and complexion. watch for changes in appetite and sleeping patterns. observe breathing patterns. understand the causes of meneditis. seek medical attention immediately if your baby has severe symptoms. take your baby to the emergency room. get a diagnosis. treat the infection with antibiotics. follow the doctor's treatment plan. get your baby's blood pressure levels checked. allow the doctor to perform a spinal ultrasound. have the doctor do a spinal massage. have a ct scan done on the baby. follow up with a follow-up appointment if necessary.
use a professional video editing program. make sure your message is the center of the commercial. keep your b-roll simple and clean. cut the commercial to the correct length. add a voice-over to get your message across. get ad time on your network, if you can afford it.
use over-the-counter acne products with the right ingredients. be aware of the possible side effects of acne products. see your family doctor. see a dermatologist if home remedies don’t clear up your acne.
gather your materials. decide how you're going to make the legs. make the template. cut the template out. sew the template to the fabric. sew along the lines you drew. put a split in the back. make a rough draft of the suit. check the fit. practice. cut out the tail. fold the fabric in half lengthwise. put the tail at your natural tailbone. turn the tail inside out and sew the top part of the tail to the side. sew around the tail a couple of centimetres higher than this. turn it inside out again. outline your hands. sew your hands and feet to the gloves and feet. cut a triangle out of the foam for the claws. make claws for the paws. make your feet. put on your shoes. put your feet on. make sure you have enough room to move around in the onesie. put some padding on your legs. wear your onesie like a cat.
learn the basic 12-bar blues progression. start with an e chord. play the fourth of the starting chord for two measures. repeat the first four measures of the progression with the fifth of the fourth chord. finish the song with the turnaround chord. use a "7" chord to make the song sound a little more "bluesier" if you want to. finished.
determine if your child is being bullied. pay attention to changes in behavior. look for physical symptoms. notice changes in sleep patterns. talk to your child about how other kids are treating them. recognize the different types of bullying at camp.
determine how many tortillas you’ll need. buy a large package of tortillas. thaw the tortillas in advance. choose a tortilla size. consider making a wrap.
choose your material. cut your wood to size. paint your trellis. make 2 v-shaped frames. nail the crosspieces together. add the shorter pieces to the pyramid. add a finial (optional). anchor your pyramid in the wind. prepare the ground. place the pyramid in your garden. add your plants. water your plants and mulch them. add mulch to the top of your pyramid. protect your plants from the elements of the trell is from the sun.
find a video of an angry german kid. find a clip of the video. capture a screenshot of a blue screen of death. import the clip into a video editing program. add a message to the video warning viewers. write a description of what the video is about. begin the video with the first part of keyboard smashing. build up to the climax. create the keyboard smashing part. create a major error at the end. upload the video to a video hosting website such as youtube.
lie on your back on the floor. bend your knees. lift both feet off the floor at the same time. straighten your back.
keep the tank or bowl water clean and toxin free. maintain a constant water temperature. add decorations to your fish’s bowl or tank. do a partial water change once a week. remove algae and toxins from the water. filter the water once a day. clean out the tank once a month. clean the tank at least once every two weeks. do not overfeed your fish. feed your fish a balanced diet. provide your fish with clean, fresh water at all times. avoid feeding your fish certain foods that are toxic to them. avoid overfeeding your fish or giving them certain foods. avoid letting your fish out of the tank for extended periods of time. clean your tank regularly. keep your fish in a clean, safe environment. monitor your fish closely.
give your child chores to do on their own. explain that failure is a part of life. set clear guidelines.
don't let it get to you. don't let them tell you that you're "too pretty" or "too ugly". if they tease you about your flaws, tell them to stop!, don't be afraid to be confident!, remember that we're all human, and we all have the right to be happy.
learn about the brain’s role in adhd. learn about dopamine and serotonin levels in the prefrontal cortex. understand the possible causes of adhd in children and adults.
visit the killping website. download the application. run the application as administrator. log into your killping account. add a game. select the server region. select a server. play the game.
deal out 15 cards to each player. deal the cards face down. flip the cards over and look at each player's hand. divide the deck into three equal piles. each player should have a draw pile of five cards. the first player to draw a card from their draw pile should place it on the middle of the active pile. the next player should draw a cards from their own draw pile. play cards in ascending or descending order. draw another card from your draw pile every time you play a card. continue playing until one player runs out of cards. if both players run out of moves, flip over the cards in the side piles and continue playing. yell "speed!", play for as many games as you like!, play with a king on top of another king. play a 3, 4, and 5. play with two jokers in your deck. use jokers instead of normal jokers. use 16 cards instead of the normal 15. play until one person wins. continue to play the game until one or both players have no more cards left in their hand.
log into your couchsurfing account. go to the ambassador program. click the “nominate” link. open the nomination form. enter your contact information. select the category you want to be an ambassador for. answer the questions provided on the form. provide an explanation of why you would like to become an ambassador. click “continue” when you’re done. wait for the Couchsurfing team to notify you if your nomination has been accepted or not.
turn your phone off. turn your phone to silent. place your phone out of reach while driving. send texts before you start the car. ask someone to read any texts you receive while you are driving. ask a friend to read your texts to you.
maintain lucrative relationships with clients you've worked with for a long time. maintain your position as a senior employee. display extra effort at your job.
don’t be afraid to be hot. have confidence in yourself. accept your body the way it is.
type the title of the app in the search engine of your choice. click on the search bar at the top right corner of the screen. , type in the name of the product you want to find the permalink for. click the "search" button at the bottom of the search results. , look for the app's permalink address in the list of results. go to the page that has the app permalink. read through the page to find out what the app is about. finished.
pay attention in class. make jokes. ask your teacher to do something different. take fun notes. reward yourself for doing well in class itself.
teach your puppy not to bite. teach your puppy to not chew on things you don’t want to be chewed on. teach the puppy to be quiet. teach 'no' or 'stop'. teach your dog to sit. teach him the ‘down’ command. teach a jump-down command. give your puppy plenty of attention when he tries to jump up on people. keep your puppy on a leash at all times. be patient with your rottweiler.
use a pencil to trace the design you want to stamp on your card or paper. , write the design in permanent ink. stamp the design on the paper or card with the stamp. cut the design out. place the cut out design over the stamped design. place a new stamp on top of the original stamp. finished.
open the message you wish to delete. , tap the app store icon. tap the menu button. tap edit. tap and hold the app you want to remove. tap delete app. tap remove app again to confirm.
try to relate the book to something familiar to you. imagine you are a teacher. identify the questions you have to answer. visualize.
go to the xbox 360 controller download page. click the "drivers" tab. click windows 7. scroll down and click windows 8. click your operating system's bit count. click download. click next. click install. double-click the "xbox 360 accessories software 1.2" link. click ok. click properties. click system preferences. click compatibility mode. check the "windows xp" box. click run as administrator.click ok.click next. follow the on-screen prompts. click finish. restart your computer. connect the controller to your computer via usb. press the controller's power button. wait for a second to three seconds. click settings. click pc info. click network & internet. click accessories. click controllers. click xbox360 controller. click check for drivers. click update now. click yes. click save. wait while the drivers install. test your controller.
open your iphone’s app store. tap messenger. tap chats. tap send & receive. , tap scan code. , type in the code you want to scan into the text box. , press scan. tap scan.
first of all, you need to get your hair cut. get the right t-shirts. get a pair of jeans. try to get some black and white sneakers. get some socks. if you don't have any shoes, you can get some sneakers that are like the hardy boyz wear. you can also get a hat that looks like jeff hardy's, but it is not as big as jeff's. , if you can't find any shoes that look like jff's, then you can always get some shoes that are just like the hardery's wear. , you can even make your own, but you will have to get a little bit more money to do it. , have fun!
wash your knife and cutting board. peel your vegetables, if desired. cut the vegetable into 1-2 inch (2.5-5 cm) chunks. cut each chunk into a stick. stack the juliennes on top of each other and cut them into sticks ⅛ in (0.3 cm).
feed the ducks a starter diet of duck food. feed your ducks treats. feed the ducks the same amount of food every day. keep the food fresh. provide fresh water for the ducks. place the ducks in a brooder. maintain a constant temperature. provide enough space for them to roam. provide a shelter for them. sanitize the housing. keep them in the sun. provide the ducks with a quiet place to lay eggs. remove the ducks from the brooder when they start laying eggs. provide food and water at the same time each day. clean the ducks’ housing regularly. provide water for your ducks. keep ducks indoors when they are not in use. keep your ducks away from predators and predators. provide plenty of fresh water. provide your ducks with food and shelter. watch for signs of illness and illness.
preheat the oven to 350 degrees fahrenheit (180 degrees celsius). prepare a baking dish. cook the polenta. sauté the yellow onion. add the parmesan, gorgonzola, green onions, and other ingredients. bake the casserole for 30 minutes. sprinkle the cheese over the top. let the caserole cool before serving.
evaluate your own behavior. ask your teacher to have a private conversation with you. apologize if you've done something wrong. talk to the principal or your parents if you're feeling bullied or hurt.
purchase a hospital bottle. select a bottle that is the right size. mark the bottle. use a female urination device. gather your supplies. find a secluded location. angle the bottle to urinate. wipe up. dispose of the bottle properly. secure the cap. make sure the bottle is in good condition. use the bottle in a public place. urinate in the car. use an empty drink bottle. make a makeshift bottle.
lay the napkin on a flat surface. fold down the bottom right hand corner. fold the left hand corner down. fold up the right corner. pull the bottom left and bottom right folds up. lift up the top right and bottom left folds.
preheat oven to 350°f (175°c). mix the dry ingredients. beat the butter and sugar in a large bowl. add the flour mixture to the butter mixture. pour the dough into a greased 9 x 13 inch (22.5 x 28.5cm) baking pan. melt chocolate in a microwave-safe bowl. pour melted chocolate into the prepared pan. sprinkle marshmallows over chocolate. bake cake. remove cake from oven. cut into squares. serve and enjoy! finished.
choose the flowers that you would like to use. decide what you want to use the flowers for. know what to use them for. be aware that not all flowers are edible.
be prepared to answer questions about your ex. avoid talking to the wrong people. don’t be afraid to vent to the right people. be polite to your ex’s mutual friends. avoid gossiping about the breakup. avoid running into your ex at social gatherings. avoid having a confrontation with your ex if you’re fresh. be prepared for the awkwardness. leave your ex alone if you want to. maintain your social life as normal.
preheat the oven to 350ºf/180ºc. , prepare the souffle dish. wrap the collar around the outside of the dish. place the collar in the oven and bake for 20-25 minutes. , remove the collar from the oven. remove from the freezer and allow to cool on a wire rack. finished.
pay the registration fee. obtain an ein from the irs. register with the georgia department of revenue. apply for additional permits and licenses. obtain insurance for your llc business.
enter the ping command into the terminal. read the command prompt. check the ttls and time. review the results. check for lost packets. look at the summary.
draw a circle for the head. draw two circles for the eyes. draw a small triangle for the nose. draw an oval for the mouth. add in his facial features. draw his body. add two rectangles for the legs. draw the rest of his clothes. outline your drawing with permanent media, such as ink or a pen. color your drawing and you're done!
check your credit report. join a military-oriented bank or credit union. apply for a loan. make sure your income is high enough. be on the job for at least 24 months. fill out an application. submit your application. wait for your loan approval. select a vehicle to purchase. make a down payment. select the right vehicle. make your payment. confirm that the sale of the vehicle is final. wait a few days for the vehicle to be delivered to you.
heat water and olive oil in a saucepan. add the olive oil and beeswax. stir in the oxide. pour the mixture into a glass container. let the mixture cool and harden before you use it. apply the shoe polish to your shoes and buff them with a clean, dry cloth. wear your shoes as you normally would.
make sure the inversion table is properly set up. put on your safety goggles. stand on the edge of the table with your feet on the steps. raise your feet onto the steps one at a time. lock your feet into place. lock the safety gears in place. push off the straps to invert your body. wait for a few seconds before getting out of the position.
open a new excel worksheet. click the cell you want to display the row numbers in. , type =row(a1) into the cell. enter the row number you want the cell to display as a number. press ↵ enter or ⏎ return. type the number of rows you want your cells to display. press ctrl+⇧ shift+esc. , click the box at the top right corner of the window. drag the mouse cursor over the fill handle. click and drag the cursor to select the cells in the column. click ok to save your changes. , return to your worksheet to view your rows.
create a new box note. name your note. start writing. don’t worry about saving. find the box note you’d like to edit. open the note. format the text. find and copy the share link. copy the link. locate the file. click on the share button. find your file. paste the image link. open your file in box notes. select the right-most icon of an image. click the enter key from your keyboard. locate and paste the text you want to add. add a hyperlink. add comment. find a file. hover over the “share link” icon. select “open.” click on it and select the file to open it. view your new note.
travel to the mission. click on the mission marker. locate a vehicle. get into the vehicle. drive to the area. get out of the vehicle and look around. drive up to the captives. lead the captives away from the vehicle as fast as you can. kill any soldiers that are near the vehicle, as soon as the danger meter goes down to red. , lead the hostage(s) back to the vehicle once you are sure they are out of danger. drive back to your vehicle.
remove the old battery from your car. , clean the terminals of the battery terminals. inspect the terminal ends for corrosion. replace the battery. place the new battery in the car. tighten the clamps or bars that hold the battery in place. spray the terminals with lithium grease. start your car and make sure that everything is working properly before driving away.
understand the educational requirements. meet the academic requirements. participate in the JRotc. decide which branch of the military you want to join. apply to a service academy to become an officer.
be confident. talk to him. wear cool clothes. style your hair the way you like it. try new things. smell good. have a nice smile. show him your hidden talent. get him to notice you.
make sure you have the right goals. set your goal. log your workout. report your workout to others. add another motivator if necessary.
tack up your horse. untack your horse and groom it. clean your horse’s tack. give your horse a treat after you’re done with cleaning it. finished.
enable dlna. open windows media player. open the stream menu. turn on media streaming. name your media library. select which device you want to stream from. share your library with a homegroup. allow remote control of your player. launch google play on your device. search for upnplay. install upn play. open up up upupnplay on your pc. enter your account information. select your media server. select a library. create a playlist. click “create playlist.” once you have created your playlist, click the down arrow to the right of the stream option to create a new playlist. select “save playlist” to save your changes. , start playing your playlist. finished.
choose a cut of steak. choose a thick cut. choose thick steaks over thin steaks. share your steak. decide whether to soak or marinade. bring your steak to room temperature. remove the steak from the refrigerator. season your steak with salt and pepper, if desired. finished.
clean the stalls regularly. put your horse’s food in a rack or trough. remove bot flies’ eggs from the inside of your horse.
if you are a new mary kay consultant, you will need to get in touch with your director. once you have your director in your office, ask her to set you up with a sales kit. if you have a friend that is a salesperson, ask them to help you out with your business. if your director is not available, ask your salesperson to set up an "adopted director" for you. once your director has set up a director, talk to them. if all else fails, don't give up, there is always another way to go.
gather the things you will need. find people to join your club. set up your first meeting. advertise your harry potter potter club!, start the first meeting of your club!, make sure your club has a lot of activities to do. make sure that the club is always fun and always has a good time. consider getting other people in the club too.
create a folder for everything. make it obvious which files are to be used for what. make sure that you have a folder just for presentations. keep it simple. clean out your memory stick regularly. keep your flash drive clean and organized at all times.
learn about your state’s id security features. compare the id to one you know is valid. look for microprint. check for uv light. feel the card. check the barcode. tilt the card toward the light. make sure the id doesn’t misspell the state abbreviation. watch for signs that the cardholder is lying. check that the id includes a physical description. look at the person handing over the id. ask the person to sign in front of a mirror. ask someone to sign the card for you. ask to see the card in person. call the police. report the card to the department of motor vehicles.
wet a cotton swab with eye makeup remover. pull up the edge of the lashes. pull the lash off from the outer corner. remove any makeup from the lash band. pull off any remaining adhesive. disinfect the lashes with rubbing alcohol. let the lashes air dry. store the lashes in a protective container. place the dry lashes on the half-moon trays and close the container. store them in a cool, dark place.
use acetone to remove glue with a toothbrush. use laundry detergent to loosen the glue. consider taking the fabric to a professional.
use flax seeds in place of eggs. use chia seeds to replace eggs in recipes. use cornstarch and water instead of eggs to thicken your food. replace eggs with mashed potatoes or rice. use breadcrumbs, oatmeal, or oatmeal. use agar powder or gelatin to replace the eggs. add bananas, applesauce, or prunes to your baked goods.
close iphoto. connect your phone to your mac using a usb cable. click the apple menu and select "system preferences". click the box that says "stop automatically open when your phone is connected to mac.
gather your ingredients. prepare your counter and baking pan. combine your ingredients in your mixing bowl. pour the batter into your pan. freeze the batter for an hour. cut your blueberry snack bars into bars. finished.
connect your ios device to your mac computer. open itunes on your mac. open the device info panel. select the media to sync. sync your device with your computer. adjust the sync settings. done.
think of a few conversation topics ahead of time. think of topics that are easy to talk about in a loud environment. tell a short story. talk about current events on social media. strike up a conversation with someone you don’t know. listen to what others are saying.
give the mug as a gift. use it as an office holder. store toiletries in the mugs. make a mosaic out of three mugs and a piece of wood.
determine if you’re eligible. choose the level of coverage you want. enroll in the program. apply during the enrollment period. apply online.
start with a clean face. groom your eyebrows. consider filling in your brows, but don't go overboard. apply some brow pencil or powder to your eyebrows, if desired. dip a spoolie brush into your clear brow gel. comb the gel into your eyebrows using the same technique. finish off your makeup. finished.
understand the concept of snaking. practice using the mini-turbo. practice doing mini-turbos on turns. practice on a track with a lot of turns. keep practicing. choose the right kart.
make sure that the item is in good condition. make sure the item you want to give to the pawnbroker is in working condition. be honest about the value of the item. be specific about how much you need to get. be aware of what types of items are no longer accepted. bring complete items. bring identification with you. be prepared to pay a little bit more than you think you need. be ready to pay for the item if you are offered a higher price than the original price. don't be late. be sure to redeem your items on time. if you have any questions or concerns about redeeming your items, don't hesitate to ask the pawn broker.
write the books of the bible on a piece of paper. use a ribbon or a bookmark. turn to the table of contents. break in your bible. find reference books to help you navigate. download a bible app for your phone.
write out the alphabet with your opposite hand. turn the page with your non-dominant hand so that you write with the opposite direction of the page. strengthen your hand muscles. throw a ball of yarn with your other hand. hold a pencil with both hands and write out the letters of the alphabet in your opposite hands. try writing out the letter "x" with your hand. , try writing the word "y" in the corner of your opposite eye. try typing out the words of a sentence using your opposite arm. try using your other arm as a mouse. finished.
open your iphone’s settings. scroll down and tap general. tap icloud. tap your apple id. tap sign in. , enter your apple account information. tap photos. select a photo option. tap done.
choose a marabou fan. glue the eye feathers to the tip of the fan. add the sword feathers. continue adding feathers. cover the bottom of the tail with cardboard. cut out two cardboard cutouts. attach felt or sparkly fabric to the bottom. choose a mask. attach ribbon to the eyes of the mask. decorate the mask with gems. attach short feathers to one side of the feathers. wrap the mask around your waist. wear a black or gold tutu. wear blue or green stockings. wear black boots. add a black belt. put on a black wig. add black gloves. wear brown boots. wear white boots. finished.
do regular health checks on your peacocks. de-worm your birds regularly. watch out for parasites. be aware that some of the most common parasites are Protozoa. understand that there are a few other diseases that can affect peacocks as well.
go to your breeding cave. choose a breeding pair. wait for breeding time to finish. , wait for the breeding to complete. , place the egg in an incubator and wait for it to hatch. place the baby dragon in a warm, dry place until it reaches level 14 or higher.
change one or two of your bad grades. fill in the grades with correction fluid. photocopy the report card to blend the correction fluid into the blank spots. rewrite the rest of the grades as normal.
challenge your obsessive thoughts. keep a journal. write in your journal. practice self-affirmation. set goals for yourself. take good care of yourself. practice relaxation techniques. don’t allow ocd to stop you.
learn a new language. take up a new hobby. prepare for the next school year's classes.
think about the bigger picture. think about where people live. learn about the history of the middle east. keep an open mind. share what you have from home with people you meet. ask people what they like to read, listen to, and watch movies. take an interest in the arts, music, and movies of people from another culture or region.
perform the chair hang exercise. do the chair pull-up exercise. try the hanging hang. increase your reps.
download and install the latest version of the itunes app. tap the "new message" button. enter your email address in the "to" field. type in the recipient's information. tap "next". , type your message. , tap on the "send" button to send the message.
make the table top. drill holes for the rotary pendulum. make the shafts for the pendulums. create the fulcrum blocks. attach the pendulum shafts to the table. add a gimbal mechanism. attach weights to the pendula shafts. attach a thin piece of wood to the top of the table for a platform. attach some rubber bands to the lateral pendulum to make it swing. test the table and pendulum swing.
start a sports blog. read articles, books, and editorials. write for your school newspaper or column.
visit a physical therapist. treat osteoporosis. take antibiotics. wear a corset. get a massage. try electrical stimulation. get steroid injections. talk to your doctor about surgery as a last resort. consider surgical intervention if all other modes of treatment have failed. consider surgery if osteomyelitis is the cause of the spinal degeneration.
go to https://www.facebook.com in a web browser. go to your account page. click log in. enter your email address. click sign in. type in your password. click next. click continue.
check the chemical levels in your spa 1-2 times a week. add chemicals slowly. check the total alkalinity of your spa. add chlorine or bromine to your spa once a week to maintain the correct chemical levels. use soft water to balance the calcium hardness of the spa. adjust the ph of the water in the spa to stabilize the spa’s ph. add a batherorizer to your water to prevent odatherorization. clean your spa regularly. keep your spa clean. maintain your spa's water quality. finished.
understand the different forms of a unit rate. understand what a rate is. define unit rates. determine the unknown. divide the given data into pairs. place the unknown on one side of the problem. place another pair of given numbers with the same unit on the other side. solve the “double division” problem. multiply the numerator and denominator by the answer obtained by the second method. repeat the process with the remaining given data.
check to see if it is too hot to walk your dog on the sidewalk/road. touch the pavement. walk in the shade. wait until cooler.
click the start button. type "file explorer" and press ↵ enter. click on the "this pc" pane in the explorer window.
learn how to draw. learn how to sew. learn about design theory. learn as much as you can about fashion design. keep up to date with trends in fashion. learn to use the latest technology to help you draw, sew, and design.
launch copy. log in. go to the folder where the items you want to share are located. share. post to facebook. post.
tell your parents that you want to dress up for halloween. choose your character. if you're a girl, pick out a character from the movie or the book. go to the costume store. get the right costumes. get a pair of red or silver shoes. get some toto ears. get yourself a little toto (if you have one) if you don't have a dog.if you're going to be a boy, you can get a toto if you have a boy or a girl.
do not use multiple accounts at the same online casino. do not use the chat feature to harass other players or to rush or harass them in any way.
open the apple menu. select “system preferences” from the menu. click on “spelling and grammar”. enable spell-check while you’re typing. open the document you want to check. type the misspelled word. select the correction option. replace the word.
pick your own numbers or let the machine choose for you. consider the pros and cons of quick picks. don't bother.
make sure your computer can run sims 3. visit the steam website. create a steam account. purchase the sims3. install the game. play the sim 3.
draw the wand's wand. draw a circle with a cross in the middle of the wand. , draw a horizontal line in the center of the circle. draw another circle over the other two hallows to represent the dark magic wand.
spray your keyboard with compressed air. use an anti-static vacuum cleaner. check the manufacturer’s warranty before cleaning your keyboard.
send a thank-you note after the interview. ask a friend or family member to put in a good word. network with people in the company.
season your drumsticks. preheat the oven and place the drumsticks on a tray. check the temperature.
make a plan. write an introduction. write the main body of the paper. weave in research and expert opinions. write a strong conclusion. use the internet to your advantage. use paraphrasing and block quotes. cite everything. use graphics and pictures. use words that don’t rhyme. be creative.
update to the latest version of chrome. open the bookmark manager. click the bookmarks option. drag bookmarks into folders. add folders. arrange your bookmarks. organize your folders.
ensure that the charger is compatible with the battery. check the battery connectors to make sure that they are in good condition. place the battery on charge for at least 8 hours before placing it in the lift truck. water the battery after it has been fully charged. when the battery is fully charged, the electrolyte (acid) in each cell should be raised to just above the perforated grid. charge the battery in a well-ventilated area. if the battery needs to be charged for a longer period of time than 8 hours, it will need to be re-charged for an additional 8 hours.
choose an online spanish-learning website. activate each of the four language learning areas. prioritize your study. evaluate your current level of spanish ability. set goals. set a daily study schedule. immerse yourself in spanish as much as possible. familiarize yourself with spanish grammar and mechanics. learn verb conjugation. join online communities. use a flash card app to build your vocabulary. use flash cards to build up your knowledge of words. use mnemonics to memorize words and phrases. use online quizzes to improve your reading comprehension. practice reading spanish. practice speaking spanish in front of friends and family. speak spanish on a regular basis. take spanish classes. take online language quizzes. consider taking a spanish language course.
decide what type of fish you want to fish. purchase a rod kit. identify the spine of the rod blank. attach the reel seat to the rod. add the cork to the handle. add an end cap to the end cap. attach a winding check to the tip top of the reel. mark the guide positions on the rod with masking tape. start wrapping the guides. wrap the guides around the handle, reel seat, and tip top. apply the finish to each guide. turn the rod on its side and allow it to dry for at least three hours. remove the wrap and let the finish dry for 24 hours.
start with a base color of brown paint. , add two drops of purple paint to the base color. add one drop of yellow paint. add a few drops of yellow. add more yellow paint to lighten the brown.
choose your candles. slice your citrus fruit into rounds. preheat the oven and place the citrus rounds on a wire rack. dry the slices for two hours. glue the citrus slices to the candles. add other decorative elements. place the candles in groups on the table or surface you are decorating.
pull the seat back up. locate the seat belt lever. attach the belt to the latching device. pull the belt across your lap. finished.
find some leaves or blades of grass. use foliage to cover your face. cover your head and neck with foliage. add foliage to your clothing or gear. make sure the foliage is fresh. add more leaves or grass to your camouflage as needed.
choose fresh, fresh garlic bulbs. dry your garlic before storing. store garlic at a cool room temperature. store your garlic in a well-ventilated place. break up the garlic bulb to keep it fresh for up to 8 weeks. store new season garlic in the refrigerator for 3-to-10 days. refrigerate fresh, new-season garlic for 1-2 weeks. finished.
open the video you want to edit. , open up the video in adobe photoshop. select the effect you want from the drop-box. drag the effect to where you want it to start and end in the desired area on the timeline. click and drag the ticker across the timeline to set the time it will take to move. click the "apply" button and select the settings you want for the effect. click "ok" to save your changes, and you're done!, , finished.
listen to music blogs for free downloads of new music. download free mp3s from music websites. check out free mix-tapes. explore pay-what-you-want music websites for free music. listen to free music podcasts and radio shows. download music from youtube for free. share your music with friends and family. search for free cds and dvds. download a free download of your favorite bands and artists. download your favorite albums and singles.
give your cat a chance to get used to the camera. give your cat things to play with. reward good behavior. take your time. know when to end the session. choose the right background. include props. consider your cat's appearance. shoot in natural light. set the shutter speed. adjust the f-stop. consider the depth of field. take lots of photos. consider using a tripod. take a variety of shots. consider adding a background. add a background image.
keep a water bottle with you at all times. replace dairy products with fat-free or low-calorie dairy products. drink water instead of sugary drinks. eat foods that are low in calories. avoid eating foods that trigger cravings. avoid spending time with people who may encourage bad habits. replace unhealthy snacks with healthy ones. finished.
go to mauville city. enter the city. go to the pokémart. talk to the rock smash dude in the gray house on the south side of town.
determine if you have a crush on this person. don't try to hide your feelings from yourself. accept your feelings. know that there's nothing wrong with having a crush. decide how to act around your crush. be careful who you tell and who you don't tell.
read the label on the package of breads you plan to freeze. follow the instructions on the label to the letter. place the bread on the shelf according to the label.
walk away. go a different way. stay quiet. don't acknowledge the person's presence. avoid nonverbal cues.
go into the room sarge is in. go into his room, and stay there for a second. once you're in his space, go to the right and grab the whip. use the whip on sarge, and hit him three times. once sarge falls, go back to the door sarge was in, and exit.
accessaccess the norton anti-virus settings. enable the office plug-in. save your settings. restart your computer. finished.
warm up before and after running. improve your running efficiency. jog for a specified amount of time. stick to an easy pace. vary your training program. alternate between jogging and non-weight bearing exercises. take it slow and steady. don’t quit training when you’re tired. stay hydrated. eat a balanced diet. drink plenty of water.
research the charity's contact information. pay attention to how pushy the charity representative is. ask for paperwork to claim a tax deduction. do not work with a charity that claims to conduct a sweepstakes. be wary of charities that require cash only donations. avoid charities that claim to spend 100% of donations on their cause. watch out for charities that sound similar to recent scams in the news or on the internet.
understand that the first 12 songs of an album must always be a reflection of your message, your style and your expectations. organize the album in a way that works for you. place your album single at the beginning of the album, but don't be afraid to branch-out. keep in mind that there is no "right" or "wrong" way to organize an album. get the word out there.
get the marshmallow root, chamomile flowers, ginger root, and cinnamon. purchase a bottle or a canning jar with a tight-fitting lid. fill the saucepan with filtered water. measure and add the ingredients to the water. grate the ginger. bring the mixture to a boil and simmer it. strain the mixture through cheesecloth. stir in the honey and lemon. pour the mixture into the jar or bottle with the lid and shake it to incorporate the ingredients.you can use the mixture within a week or two after you have taken it.the syrup can be stored in the refrigerator for up to two months.you will need to shake the mixture before you use it for the first time.
consider waiting it out. get more iodine. eat foods that are high in iodine. finished.
make a vanilla or almond syrup. make a coffee simple syrup. try a cinnamon dolce syrup. create a pumpkin simple syrup with pumpkin puree.
determine where you want to place cameras. decide how many cameras you need. decide what type of cameras you want. decide if you want a dvr. connect all of the necessary parts together.
eat legumes. eat complex carbohydrates. eat healthy fats. avoid bad fats. eat beans and nuts. eat vegetables. eat fruits and vegetables. exercise. wash your face. drink plenty of water. take care of your teeth, skin, eyes, nose, mouth, ears, nose and throat. , exercise. if you have time, do one or two of the exercises listed in the "things you'll need" section of this article, then do them.
think about the social and social dynamics of the region. think about the legal system. consider the political system. decide if the region is part of a kingdom or a kingdom. , decide if it's an independent kingdom or is it part of an empire. , think about how the people interact with each other. talk about the economy of the country. talk to the military forces. describe the terrain of the area. describe some of the flora and fauna of the wilderness. describe cities and dungeons. describe transportation. describe what is happening in the region right now. consider how the region has changed since the last time you played the rpg. describe how the pcs are treated by the people in the area and how they interact with one another. describe any major disasters or natural disasters that have happened in the recent time. describe a map or map of the entire region. decide how the area is connected to the rest of the world. decide on the language and culture of the people. , describe the food and drink of the local cuisine.
decide which demigod you want to design. research the demigods. create a backstory for your character. sketch out your character's appearance. create their worst enemy. make their weapon. make them happy. make your character different from others.
set up the formula for total surface area of a square pyramid. plug the values into the formula. multiply the length of one side of the base by 4. add the slant height of the pyramid to the base area. multiply by 4 to get the lateral area. divide the result by 96.
learn how to breakdance. find a place to practice your breakdancing. get in shape. pick the right music. learn the difference between "breakdancing" and "bboying.", learn how to "tech" when you're a b-boy.teched is a term used to describe the dance's six- or four-step movements.
practice, practice, practice. practice writing left-handed text. practice daily tasks. use a handwriting tablet. practice uppercase and lowercase letters. do not give up. switch activities when you need to.
make a list of things that you respect about her. categorize these things into categories. write a short introduction to your letter. write about her personality traits. list her talents and abilities. mention any times that she has done something nice or helpful to you. end your letter with a summary of your feelings for her. hand the letter to her. give it to her in person or mail it.
determine if you have an upper or lower uti. look for symptoms of cystitis. determine if your child has pyelonephritis symptoms.
write a commit message that describes the change you want to make. write a description of what you did. write the body of the commit. include a test plan with your commit. if you're making a new feature or fix, make sure it's compatible with the rest of the code in the repository. squash any changes that are too minor to affect functionality. squash all the commits that aren't that important.
identify the cause of your travel jitters. practice breathing exercises. meditate. pack your bag. stay organized. stay busy. get to the airport early. make sure you have a way to get to your flight. stay hydrated. use the restroom before you get on the plane. don’t talk to other people. take a deep breath. relax your body. get a good night’s sleep the night before. eat a healthy breakfast the day of the flight. get plenty of rest. avoid caffeine and alcohol the day before. stay away from caffeine and other stimulants.
look for pain in the esophagus. pay attention to difficulty swallowing. look for a burning sensation when you swallow. watch for an allergic response. note if you have eosinophilic esophagitis. consider your lifestyle choices. keep track of what you eat and drink. watch out for drug-induced esophageal reflux. consider any medical conditions you have. consider whether you have a weakened immune system. determine if you are at risk for infection. consider if you may have an allergic reaction. consider the role of gerd. know the risk factors for developing the condition. understand the causes of the disease. get a diagnosis. treat the underlying condition. consider surgical options.
use a good collar. keep your cat in a secure area. protect your cat from severe weather. bring your cat indoors if it’s rainy. take your cat on car rides. keep them indoors.
ensure that you have the necessary equipment. insert the disc into your optical drive. open finder. open the finder window. select the "erase this cd-rw" option. follow the wizard to erase the disc. re-write the disc with new data. open disk utility. select your drive from the left panel. highlight the device icon of the disc you want to erase.
choose a type of stucco paint. prep your surface. apply the scratch coat. apply a coat of the brown coat.the brown coat should be about 3/8-inch thick, and should be applied with a roller or trowel. allow the coat to dry for 7 to 10 days.apply the finish coat. choose how you want to apply your finish coat, and then apply it to the wall. finished.
set up the game. roll the dice. have the first player take a shot. let the next player take one of the shots. count the cards. make up a rule for who takes a shot that corresponds to a card. take the next turn. refills the shot glasses. finished.
carry your medications. know your symptoms. ask a friend to exercise with you. avoid breathing in irritants. choose the right oxygen tank for you.
choose your character. choose your spells. don't be afraid to use your flame shield. if your enemy has a flame shield, use it!, if you have a fire ball or napalm, shoot it at them. if you're a member, don't hide!, don't hesitate to use spells. use fireballs and napalm. use lava bombs and lava bombs. use the flame shield and fire ball. , if you are a member and you have the first two books of the book, you can use the fire ball and fire arrow on the ground, and the lava bomb on the enemy.
know when to use “an” and “a.” the rule of thumb and throat is based on the letter that the word starts with. understand the difference between a vowel and a consonant sound. say the phrase out loud. determine if the beginning of the word flows freely through your mouth. understand that acronyms do not have to have a vowel sound. know when you should use an exception to the rule. say “fbi” without a vowel. use the exception “b” for “in” or “out” instead. know that you can always use both words.
go to the sdl download page: http://www.sdl.org/downloads.
listen to the position of your horse's ears. pay attention to your horse’s head. look for signs that your horse is in pain. watch for signs of stress or boredom. listen to the way your horse stomps his feet. watch the movement of his tail.
buy or make a bikini top. choose a color for your top. make or buy a shell top. use leftover fabric from your tail to make your own top. find a pattern online for making a top.
get a bag. think about what you want to put in your bag. buy the right size bag. keep it simple. don't buy anything that could explode or leak. put medication in your kit. put your bag in a place where it is easy to find when you need it.
do your homework. be kind to everyone. take care of yourself. be clean. never do anything bad. participate in a sport. have your hair in a bun or down. make sure you are doing a sport that you are good at. be quiet. finished.
play an annoying instrument all over the place. drink a lot of water when you're alone with your sibling(s). slurp your water.
start the game. go to level 247. check the initial board layout. restart the level. focus on the required candies. make a striped candy. get 5 candies in a row. create a candy bomb. break the chocolate. stop the chocolate early. watch out for licorice. take your time with each move.
be honest about your own beliefs. find common ground. look for similarities. ask about her beliefs. ask her about her approach to dating. take her out on a date. let her know that she's free to be open with you. give her the benefit of the doubt. make an effort to get to know her church. spend time with her family and friends outside of church. be supportive of her faith. be a good listener. don't be judgmental. respect her wishes and beliefs. accept her for who she is. finished.
understand the stages of labor. do kegel exercises. attend birthing and parenting classes. eat a light, healthy diet during labor. have a written or typed birth plan. decide where you want to have your baby born. go to the hospital at the beginning of your labor. prepare for the second stage of labor if you are having a hospital birth. go into the hospital during the third stage ofLabor if you have a home birth. relax and breathe deeply during your labor and delivery. have your partner support you through labor. ask your doctor for a cesarean if you need one.
talk to your children about the week ahead of time. plan some activities before the week begins. find new activities to do together. challenge each family member to try a new activity. set realistic goals. cut back on work obligations. remove all screens from the house. set aside time for family time. play games together. have family discussions about important issues. limit screen time in the car. create a schedule for schoolwork. set limits on television time. limit computer use. limit phone calls. limit social media use. set a time limit for bedtime.
craft an iron door. place the door in your inventory. make a lever or pressure plate. create a pressure plate instead. try to get back inside.
accept your feelings. allow yourself to grieve however you need to. focus on the positive aspects of your loved one's life. avoid trying to "bury" your grief. talk to others about your feelings and memories. write or make art to express your thoughts and feelings. take care of your physical and mental health. join a support group for those who have lost a loved one. seek professional help if you need it. give yourself plenty of time to deal with grief and move on.
compliment her. use her name throughout the conversation. show that you’re listening. give her your full attention.
choose swimming sites with lifeguards. learn to swim. use flotation devices. be aware of rip currents. learn how to react to a rip current. don't fight the current. conserve your energy. stay afloat. stay calm. stay in the water. stay out of the water as much as possible. stay with a friend or family member. never swim alone. do not swim alone in a pool. stay away from bodies of water. wear a life jacket.
cast-off your project onto your right-hand needle. knit or purl across the first row. knit across the second row. pull the last stitch off your left-hand needles. take the second stitch off the right needle. add another stitch to your right needle and pull it over the first stitch. repeat the previous two steps on the left needle. continue adding stitches to your left needle and pulling the older stitch over the new one. repeat this process for the rest of the row. add the last two stitches of your project on your right needles. repeat these steps until you reach the edge of the project. cut off the yarn at the end of the last row. cut the yarn off your right hand needle. pull your piece of yarn through the loop on the right- hand needle and secure it with your fingers.
choose a location for your cave entrance. gather the supplies you’ll need. dig down into the cave. put down ladders as you dig. use torches to improve your visibility. use pickaxes to remove blocks. use shovels to remove rocks. use ladders to get out of the hole. keep digging.
understand the benefits of journaling. keep a journal. write when you’re in a good mood. write whatever comes to your mind. write what you want to write.
learn how to read tablature. mark your finger placements on the fingerboard. learn the numbers of your fingers on your left hand. read the numbers on the tab. find tablature songs written for the violin to play online. finished.
add ¾ cup of coconut milk to your milk. add ¾ cups of water. bring the milk to a boil. add the cocoa powder or chopped chocolate. add 2 cups of rice. stir the rice and milk together. add brown sugar to taste and adjust the brown sugar level.
don't try too hard to get him to go out with you. start off casual and friendly. try to get to know him a little bit more. once you've gotten to know a little more about him, you'll be able to start getting closer to him. if he doesn't go for you, don't freak out!, if he does decide to go on a date with you, it's best not to react in a negative way. if the boy doesn't want to be your friend, ask him if you can be friends.
keep your head up. break down. wrap up. don't try to grab your opponent with one arm. if you can't get them on the ground, try to lift them up and drive as hard as you can until help arrives.
prepare your strawberries. choose a juicer or blender. fill the chute with strawberries. push the strawberries through the juicer. blend the strawberries in a blender or use a centrifuge. place equal amounts of strawberries into the bottles. spin the bottles at high speed. strain the juice. squeeze out the pulp. serve.
rinse the socket at the doctor’s office. ask the doctor about medicated dressings. ask your dentist about prescription strength pain medications.
go to the pet store and buy some agility starter kits. make a contest for your dog. give your dog lots of treats. let your dog(s) play!
set up the board. outflank your opponent’s discs. flip a disc to the opposite color. place the second player's disc in the same spot as the first player's. play until you can't make a legal move. set a time limit for each player's total moves. add up all the disks of each color to win the game. focus on the edges and corners. think about where your opponent will place his discs. anticipate your opponent's moves.
go to the project naptha download page. click on the “free” button. install the extension. open the image you want to copy in chrome. right-click on the image and select “copy”.
lie down on your back. place your hands on your belly. inhale deeply. exhale slowly. repeat the breathing exercise ten times. repeat this exercise at least twice a day.
wash your hands with soap and water. open the bottle of eye drops. have a friend or family member hold the parrot. place a towel over your parrot’s head. place the towel on the parrots head. wash your hands. place your hand on the bird's chin. hold the bottle in your hand. place one finger on the side of the bottle and the other on the back of the bird eye. apply one drop of eye drop to the bird’�s eye. wait for ten seconds. follow your vet's instructions. repeat the procedure every two hours or as directed on the prescription. give your bird a treat after the medication has been applied. replace the towel after the treatment is applied.
use an herbal or all-natural deodorant. avoid strong fragrances. use vinegar. try witch hazel on your skin.
believe in jesus. ask god to forgive you of your sins. confess with your mouth. be confident in your new faith. go to church. talk to god. receive the sacraments of the holy spirit. take part in the holy eucharist. if you are a new christian, you will need to go through the process of becoming baptized, becoming a member of the church, and taking the sacrament of our lord jes.
drink plenty of water. spread your fluids out throughout the day. drink water before, during, and after exercise. stay hydrated during hot weather. avoid sugary drinks, alcohol, and other diuretic beverages. urinate regularly.if you are trying to hydrate your body, you may find that you are urinating more often than you would if you were not urinating at all.
believe in your child. plan for success. speak life into your child's life. don't be harsh with your child, but don't yell at them, either. let your child know that you care about them, and that you want them to care about you, too. be a good role model for your child by being a positive role model. help your child to develop a sense of self-discipline and self-control. be an example to your child and a role model to his or her peers. be the best role model that you can be in their life.
teach your child how to keep his/her bottom clean. have your child take showers rather than baths. teach your child to urinate regularly. buy your child cotton underwear that allows for airflow. talk to your child about safe sex practices. discuss the use of antibiotics with your child if she is experiencing recurrent utis caused by sexual activity. ask your doctor about antibiotics for recurrent infections.
feed your cat a cat food made for its teeth. give your cat chew toys. feed your cat foods that are high in omega-3 fatty acids. brush your cat's teeth twice a day with a toothbrush or a toothpaste. take your cat to the vet for regular check-ups. get regular dental exams.
go to the world of the clovers and collect 10 clovers. get the epic key from the member chest. go to the middle of the world and find the last clover. collect the last ten clovers to complete the adventure.
create your link tag. add a class or id for your link. add your link's id or class. change the visibility of your link to "hidden". change the display or visibility settings. check your code to make sure it is correct and complete.
place your ad in the top fold. place your ad on the right side of the page. use rich media. experiment with the placement of your ads.
prepare your skin. shave your legs. take care of your hair. wash your face. apply deodorant. apply a light layer of cologne on your face, neck, hands and feet. , apply cologne all over your body. , use a light, fruity scent on your hands, feet and legs. , put on cologne. choose a cologne for the weather. dress for the occasion. wear dark colors. wear a scarf. keep it casual. finished.
determine the type of stopper you have. remove the stopper. open the drain. pull out the clog. replace your stopper and adjust.
analyze the value of your home. check if your mortgage is unsecured. identify other junior mortgages on the property. attend credit counseling. meet with an attorney. file for bankruptcy. create a repayment plan. attend a meeting with your creditors. file your repayment plan with the court. pay off your debts. receive your discharge notice. attend your hearing. receive the judge’s decision. identify your junior mortgage. remove the junior mortgage from the property, if necessary.
get the attitude. get the hair. wear a lot of layers. wear the right makeup. shop at thrift stores and thrift shops. wear hoodies. wear lots of patterns and colors. have fun with skirts and dresses, but don't wear them all the time. get a pair of skinny jeans. get some boots. accessorize. have a nice tan. be confident and have a good attitude.
go for light colored clothing. wear clothing made of natural fibers. wear a hat or sun hat to stay cool in hot weather.
make your own hummingbird nectar. mix the sugar and water in a saucepan. pour the solution into a bowl. fill your feeder halfway full. change the nectar every 6 to 8 days. wash the feeder with hot, soapy water. keep the feeders out of direct sunlight and out of the way of cats and dogs. keep ants away from your nectar and feeder. put red on your feeders. don't worry about trying to attract hummingbirds to your yard. know that hummingbirds are territorial. be patient.
ask your friend to meet you in a private area. express regret for your actions. apologize to your friend. ask your friend if they would be willing to forgive you. make amends for your behavior. give your friend time to process your apology. do something sweet for them. discuss any issues you have with each other. work on resolving any conflicts you have. maintain your friendship. spend time with your friend outside of school. be there for your friend when they need you. be a good friend to your friends.
ask your doctor about quick-relief medications. consider long-term medications. take allergy medication. keep your bedroom clean. remove carpeting from your bedroom. open your bedroom windows. use a humidifier. avoid exposure to mold. avoid allergens. reduce your exposure to allergens and irritants. exercise regularly. eat a healthy diet. get plenty of rest. avoid smoking. avoid alcohol and tobacco use. limit exposure to irritants and allergens at night.
use a pediculicide. comb out the lice with a nit comb. wash the person's clothes and bedding. check the hair every 8 hours for new lice. try an oil treatment. make a vinegar and water solution. use essential oils. don't forget about other household items. wash your bedding and clothes regularly. keep the room clean. keep your house well-ventilated. use a humidifier. use an anti-lice shampoo or mousse.
freeze the sticks. reheat the french toast sticks in the microwave or in the oven. crumble the cornflakes into the bread sticks. bake or fry the bread. serve the sticks with fruit. make a cinnamon-sugar topping. add a chocolate-hazelnut spread to the top. try a different type of milk or spice. make it with maple syrup and instant coffee. finished.
prepare the strawberries. mix the berries with yogurt. add honey to the mixture. add lemon juice to the mask. add a spoonful of lemon juice. blend the ingredients together thoroughly.
have your friends meet you in a private place. encourage your friends to arrive in a good state of mind. use “i” statements during the discussion. stop the argument before it gets out of hand. ask each other questions. ask your friends if they are ready to forgive. look for a solution to the problem.
spend time together doing something you both enjoy. take up a hobby together. go on a trip together. plan a weekend getaway together. spend time at home together. have sex together. exercise together. join a club or a recreational sports team.
warm up. stretch. put on some classical ballet music. in first position, do some demi-plié, which is your foot on the barre with your hand on the floor. do a full grande plié. do some rond de jambe. , do some possé. go back to first position and do a rond-de-jambe. do battements. do the same thing in second position, but on the other side of the room. , in third position, put your leg on the ground, and put your other leg behind it in coupé. , put your right foot on your left foot in coupe, and then put your left leg behind your right leg in possé, and do another rond of jambes. practice.
exercise at least 3 times a week for 30 minutes before you start snowboarding. do triceps exercises. do calf lifts to strengthen your calf muscles. do sit-ups to build your abs. do wall sits to build up your legs. do squats to build thigh and back muscles. exercise your heart and lungs to increase your endurance and heart rate.
decide how you will travel to halong bay. decide how long you want to stay. decide where you will stay. know what to expect on the boat. know how much you will pay for your trip. go to old quarter to see the jade rock formations. go kayaking. decide if you want a tour with a tour guide or a self-guided tour. book a tour. pay the entrance fees.
talk to a friend about your shyness. make a plan for social interactions. be friendly to new people. use the internet to interact with people. don’t force yourself to be extroverted. avoid using alcohol or other substances to feel less inhibited. join a group or exercise class. seek professional help if necessary.
use a safety pin. run a wire hanger over the garment. use a washcloth or hands. hold onto a metal pole or pipe. buy a humidifier. finished.
prepare the green beans. make the dressing. cook the wild rice. combine the salad ingredients. wash and cut the cress. add cress to the salad and serve it with the other ingredients. finished.
decide if you want to do a solo or an ensemble. pick a piece of music. fill out the registration forms. submit the forms. practice the piece, and try to get a good rating.
join a gymnastics class. work hard in all skills. ask your coach for tips. be confident. have a goal in mind. make sure you have enough time to train. be ready to commit to a training schedule. exercise regularly. warm up. stretch out. do pushups. do lunges. do jumps. do wall sits. try different kinds of exercises. set goals. try your best. be committed. eat healthy. be kind to others. work with your coach. show your coach that you are committed. compete in tournaments. be a good sportist. have fun with gymnastics!
preheat the oven. place the shrimp on a baking sheet. bake the shrimp. remove the shrimp from the oven and allow them to cool on a wire rack. finished.
choose a guinea pig to be the "fronter.", choose a frontman. choose a flank. make sure that there is at least one flank.
talk to your doctor about surgery. wear a cast as you recover. work with a physical therapist after surgery.
talk to friends and family. start with a resource you already trust. use your company's employee assistance plan (eap) resources. look for a non-profit agency. search for an agency that has been in business for at least 5-10 years. check the agency's accreditation. make sure the agency is licensed in your jurisdiction. look up agency reviews. ask the agency for information about their fees and services. ask for a free credit counseling session. consider the agency’s fees. ask about their credit counseling services and fees.
feed your chickens more food. feed your chickens oatmeal. add protein to your chickens' diet. supplement your chicken's diet with leafy greens. use a trough to feed your birds. store excess food in sealed containers. hang up a green piñata in the run. make sure your chickens have access to fresh water. replace frozen water with fresh water each time you check on your chickens. keep your chicken coop well ventilated. add a heat lamp to the coop. provide a heat source for your chickens during the winter months. provide plenty of shelter from the elements. provide shelter from cold temperatures.
open your iphone’s settings. tap general. tap accessibility. tap maps. , tap account. , scroll down and tap google maps. tap +. scroll down to the bottom of the list of apps. tap google.
boil a pot of water. submerge the infected item in the boiling water. remove the item from the water. dry the item with a towel.
identify where you can sue. file a complaint. serve notice on the defendant. participate in discovery. attend the trial. prepare for your testimony. get the defendant to pay you, if necessary.
choose a topic that you're passionate about. pick a topic you're knowledgeable about. choose a topic based on your hobbies and interests. pick something that is in the news. choose something personal. pick anything that you feel strongly about. make sure you can connect with your audience.
replace the cable if necessary. make sure the car is level. remove the wheels. loosen the lug nuts with a lug wrench or impact wrench. jack up the car. turn the lugs counter-clockwise to loosen them. pull the wheel off of the wheelbase. pry off the hub cap. remove a retaining nut. loosen a nut that holds the drum in place. remove any bolts holding the drum to the hub. pull off the drum. pull out the brake shoe adjuster plug.
buy fresh celery. grow your own celery if you live in a temperate climate. consider growing celery seeds. wash your celery before and after you use it. store celery in a cool, dry, dry place until you need it. prepare the celery for cooking, dipping, or adding to a sauce.
clean the bathroom. clean the kitchen. clean your living room. make the bed. clean out your bedroom. clean outside. clean inside your closet. finished.
pour the milk into the saucepan. , add the sugar. add the cocoa powder. pour in the hot water. add in the chocolate chips. stir in the vanilla extract. add a pinch of vanilla extract if you like. garnish with ground cinnamon. serve. enjoy your hot chocolate. finished.
make the dough. make the filling. cook the vegetables. let the vegetables cool. prepare the dumplings. add the filling to the dough and secure with water. boil the dmplings. make a dipping sauce. serve the dummplings. enjoy your dumpling. finished.
identify the issues at issue in the case. find an affidavit form. format the caption. title the affidavit. introduce yourself to the court. state your personal beliefs about the character of the other parent. provide specific examples of the person's good character. be careful not to over-state the facts. write down your observations. sign your affidavit. make a copy of the affidavit for your records. file the affidavit with the appropriate court. serve the affidavit on the child.
accept responsibility for your actions. don’t put too much pressure on yourself. forgive yourself when you make a mistake. let go of painful memories. identify and avoid triggers for humiliation. be humble. boost your self-esteem. be aware of your risk factors. practice mindfulness meditation. practice positive self-talk. get help if you have a mental health condition that makes you vulnerable to humiliation. practice self-soothing techniques. seek professional help if necessary.
don’t offer unsolicited advice. focus on the positives. listen to your friend. encourage your friend to share his feelings. listen when your friend is ready to talk. give her credit for trying. remind her that every rejection is a part of the game. share your own experience with her. encourage her to see the positives in herself. help her see that she’s not alone. encourage positive self-talk. help your friend see rejection as an opportunity to grow. encourage healthy self-esteem.
understand the power of social media as a tool of change. understand that there are those who argue that social media is not the right tool for political change. consider the benefits of using social media to present differing views. consider how social media can be a fertile ground for debate and discussion. think about the sanitization.
be healthy. don't worry about what other people think. be friendly. do well in school. be nice to everyone, even if they don't like you. be yourself. don’t make a big deal out of rejection. eat healthy. be happy with yourself. try not to try too hard to impress people. be independent. avoid gossiping or gossiping about people you don't know or don't really care about. be aware of who you hang out with. be careful what you say to others. if someone is upset about something you said to them.
make a to do list. write down your thoughts about what you need to do. make a list at breakfast. prioritize your list. start your list early in the day. create a category for things that you do on your computer. create another category for work that is waiting on someone else. start with the most important things on your list and work your way down. avoid multitasking. take a break from electronic distractions.
choose the right time to divide. gather your supplies. choose a healthy and established rose plant. water the rose bush. dig up the area around the plant. cut the plant in half. place the plants in buckets and cover them with damp newspaper. add fertile soil or organic matter to the garden bed. plant the rose bushes in the holes and pack the soil around the roots.
make a to-do list. clean out your living space. get enough sleep. eat a healthy diet. communicate with others effectively.
find out where your quail chick has gone. put the chick in a small box. place the box in a pet carrier. put your chick in the pet carrier and close the box tightly. go to the area where you last saw the quail. wait for the mother quail to call to the chick. take the chick back to the brooder/cage and put it back with the mother hen. take your chick to a brooder or cage to prevent further escapes.
place fresh leaves on paper towels. microwave the leaves in 5-second intervals. store in a cool, dry place. spray the leaves with acrylic craft spray (optional).
stop using new products for 4 days. choose a gentle cleanser. use a moisturizer made for dry skin. change the way you wash your clothes. try using a humidifier. eat a healthy diet and take anti-inflammatory supplements.
make a monofin sleeve. make a fabric tail. create a scale sheet. sculpt out the scales. make two pulls of the tail. sculpt the fluke into the mold. fill in the mold with liquid latex. paint the tail with acrylic. add a color base to the liquid latex, if desired. let the tail dry. finished.
wait for the right moment. go for the feet in bed. see how your partner reacts. compliment your partner's feet. pick the right time. be considerate of your partner. tell your partner that you have a foot fetish. give your partner a few seconds to process the news. don't be afraid to talk about your fetish in more detail. be prepared for a range of reactions. be open about your foot fetish, but don't overdo it. give it some time. talk to your partner about it. keep it a secret. finished.
eat a healthy diet. consume omega-3 fatty acids. avoid fatty foods. try a gluten-free diet. do a detox. drink lots of water. avoid smoking. do yoga.
decide if a trust is right for you. consider consulting an attorney. make a list of assets you want to include in the trust. draft your declaration of trust. create a trust document. name the trustee and beneficiaries. list the assets included in your trust. include a description of the trust's purpose. describe how the trust will be administered. describe the powers of the trustee. include the terms of your trust agreement. sign the trust documents. record the trust with the appropriate government agency. finished.
look for people with pets. visit the rooms of the top players in the game. go to the high scores screen. click the "pets" tab. click on the name of the star you want to visit. open the profile window. visit different rooms to find high-level pets.
visit a youtube downloader website. open the video that you want to download. open a new tab on the downloader site. copy the url of the video. paste the video's url into the text field. select the file format you want. save the link when the video starts playing in your browser. play the video in your media player. try a free media player alternative if necessary.
open microsoft excel. open the developer tab. review the commands you'll be using. click the "macros" button. type in a name for your macro. create a shortcut for the macro. click "start macro.", select the workbook where you want the macro to be stored. click .record to begin recording. press .stop when you're finished. save your workbook as a macro-enabled excel file. enable macro content. check the "security warning" box. run the macro when you want to use it. edit your macro code (optional).
open your iphone's settings. tap general. tap accessibility. scroll down and tap facetime. tap sign in with apple id. enter your apple id email address and password. tap next. tap allow when prompted. review your contact information. slide the facetime button to the "on" position. open facetime on your mac. tap the apple icon. tap log in with your mac id credentials. tap your mac's name. click the apple menu. click facetime preferences. click sign in. enable your mac facetime account. verify that you can be reached. click done when you're finished.
open the start menu and select system preferences. under capture options, change the capture mode settings. change the color capture format. under display the cursor, choose whether you want to display or hide the cursor when you use the capture feature. add solid capture to the startup group if you want it to be available in the background automatically.
purchase some craft wire. cut the craft wire to the desired length. sand the ends of the wire. bend the wire into a circular shape. use needle-nosed pliers to change the shape of the circular ring. create the gap and flat of the ring. slip the wire ring over your lip and squeeze it into place. adjust the fit of the lip ring to achieve the desired look and feel. embellish the ring to your liking.
cleanse your face. decide if you want to use liquid latex or gelatin. apply a thin layer of white face paint. use dark eyeshadow or face paint to make your eyes look sunken. make your cheeks look hollow and sunken with black powder or paint. emphasize your lips and mouth with black lipstick and paint. create open wounds with blue and purple paint. scratch your face with red paint. spatter fake blood on your face and hair with fake blood. wear contact lenses. wash your hair and apply make-up. make sure your hair is clean, dry, and well-groomed. put on your zombie costume. wear the right clothes. wear zombie accessories. carry around a fake blood-soaked bag.
stand with your legs out straight and your arms at your sides. place your right hand on the ground in front of you. raise your legs. lift your head up and straighten your right leg. crunch your body forward. return your head to the tabletop position. repeat the exercise. repeat as needed.
develop a close relationship with yourself. pray to god. improve your mind. meditate. listen to your inner voice. take a walk, go for a bike ride, take a long walk, or just sit and think about what you want to do for the rest of the day. try blindfolding. do something nice for someone else. read a good book or listen to music that makes you feel good about yourself, it will make you feel better about yourself. , have a good day!
open adobe illustrator. click on the "file" menu and select "edit" → "options.", , click on "symbol palette.", select "add new symbol palette.", find the symbols palette. drag your cursor to the bottom of the symbol library palette. select a symbol library that you want to add. drag the symbol to the place on your document where you would like to use it. use the "instance" button to place the symbol in the place where you want it to appear. click the "ok" button when you are finished using the symbol and it will be added to the palette as an instance. finished.
determine if your landline can be transferred. contact your telephone company. request a transfer of line. wait for the telephone company’s decision.
wash and detangle your hair. apply conditioner to your hair with a wide-toothed comb. use your fingers to detangle the hair. rinse out the conditioner and pat your hair dry. style your hair as usual.
talk to your child about what’s going on with them. lay down some ground rules for computer use. punish them immediately for breaking the rules. don’t let them see you using the computer too much.
create an emergency fund. pay off any high-interest debt first. set your goals. consider hiring a financial planner. understand the difference between high and low-risk investments. diversify your portfolio. know the risks and rewards of each investment. invest in a diversified portfolio. invest for the long-term. invest to grow your nest egg. don't put too much money in one area at a time. invest with your friends and family. invest only what you can afford to lose. avoid investing too much at one time. keep track of your portfolio's performance. invest your money wisely. invest at the right time of day. monitor your portfolio for outperformance.
make a gelatin face mask. try a fruit-based scrub. make a paste out of tumeric. make an egg white, sugar, and cornflour face mask at home.
fold the pants in half lengthwise. , turn the pants inside out. pull the fabric tube over the top of the pants. stitch the sides of the tube together. turn them right side out. wear the pants as you normally would.
