A French prosecutor says he's not aware of any video footage from on board the plane. A French Gendarmerie spokesman says the reports are "completely wrong" and "unwarranted" Bild editor-in-chief: "It is a very disturbing scene" .
The Palestinian Authority becomes the 123rd member of the International Criminal Court. The move gives the court jurisdiction over alleged crimes in Palestinian territories. The Palestinians signed the Rome Statute in January. Israel and the United States opposed the Palestinians' efforts to join.
At least 607 people were executed around the world in 2014, compared to 778 in 2013. The number of executions worldwide has gone down by almost 22% on the previous year. The U.S. remains one of the worst offenders for imposing capital punishment.
Amnesty International releases its annual review of the death penalty worldwide. Last year, we recorded executions in 22 countries, down by almost a half from 20 years ago. The number of executions recorded around the world dropped significantly in 2014 compared with the previous year, from 778 to 607.
Anne Frank died of typhus at the Bergen-Belsen concentration camp on March 31, 1945. The exact dates of death for Anne and her older sister, Margot, remain unclear. New research shows they died at least a month earlier than previously thought.
The student was identified during an investigation by campus police and the office of student affairs. Officials are still trying to determine if other people were involved. Students and faculty members marched Wednesday afternoon chanting "We are not afraid"
The Rev. Robert H. Schuller died Thursday at age 88. He was the founder of "Hour of Power" and founder of Crystal Cathedral megachurch. He had been diagnosed with esophageal cancer.
Theia was hit by a car, apparently whacked on the head with a hammer, then buried in a field. She was found four days later, emaciated and covered in dirt. She suffered a dislocated jaw, leg injuries and a cavity.
Mohammad Javad Zarif is the Iranian foreign minister. He has helped secure a breakthrough in nuclear talks that could lead to an end to sanctions against Iran. Peter Bergen: Zarif has gone a long way to bring Iran in from the cold and allow it to rejoin community.
Bob Barker returns to "The Price Is Right" for the first time in eight years. Barker hosted the show for 35 years before stepping down in 2007 at the age 91.
Trey Moses asked Ellie Meredith, a freshman with Down syndrome, to be his prom date. "She's great... she listens and she's easy to talk to," he said. The prom-posal has gone viral.
Michele Bachmann compares President Obama to the co-pilot of the doomed Germanwings flight. Bachmann is no stranger to voicing her opinion on the President's dealing with Iran's nuclear.
California is a breadbasket to the nation, growing more than a third of its vegetables and nearly two-thirds of its fruits and nuts. The drought is now in its fourth year and affecting 52 million people.
Walmart is emerging as a bellwether for shifting public opinion on hot-button political issues. Some prominent Republicans are urging the party to take notice. The backlash over the religious freedom measures in Indiana and Arkansas this week is shining a bright light on business.
The five were exposed to Ebola in Sierra Leone in March, but none developed the deadly virus. They are clinicians for Partners in Health, a Boston-based aid group. One had a heart-related issue.
Andrew Getty, 47, appears to have died of natural causes, police say. The coroner's preliminary assessment is there was no foul play involved. Andrew Getty was found on his side near a bathroom in his home in Los Angeles.
Julian Zelizer: Indiana Gov. Mike Pence signed a law that opens door to discrimination against gays and lesbians. He says the law was signed by a powerful wing of his party that wants a conservative as its 2016 candidate. Zelizer says the issue of LGBT rights will drag the GOP field farther to the right than the party hoped.
Tropical storm Maysak is now classified as a tropical storm. It boasts steady winds of more than 70 mph (115 kph) and gusts up to 90 mph. It's expected to make landfall Sunday morning on the southeastern coast of Philippines.
Louis Jordan, 37, had been at sea for more than two months. He'd been drifting on a 35-foot Pearson sailboat for 66 days. The boat capsized two more times before he was rescued. Coast Guard officials have no doubts.
The release of "Furious 7" offers an opportunity to remember Paul Walker. The actor died in a car crash in November 2013 at the age of 40. Special effects were used to finish scenes.
David Rothkopf: U.S. and its negotiating partners reached a strong framework agreement with Iran on Iran's nuclear program. He says the deal limits Iran's program in such a way as to effectively block it from building a nuclear weapon. Rothkapf: Opponents of the deal make dubious assumptions and doubtful assertions.
Mötley Crüe's Vince Neil butchered "The Star-Spangled Banner" at an Arena Football game. Whitney Houston, Roseanne Barr, Jimi Hendrix and Michael Bolton have all been criticized for their performances of the national anthem.
Yahya Rashid, a UK national from northwest London, was detained at Luton airport on Tuesday. He is due to appear in court on Wednesday morning.
A total lunar eclipse started at 3:16 a.m. Pacific Daylight Time. It will last four minutes and 43 seconds. It's the third in a series of four in a row, NASA says.
Memories Pizza is at the center of debate over Indiana's Religious Freedom Restoration Act. Critics say the law would allow businesses to discriminate against gays and lesbians. They call for boycotts, but supporters also rally. More than $842,000 has been raised.
It's hard to swallow the idea of a single person being stranded at sea for days, weeks, if not months. Miracles do happen, though, and not just in Hollywood. Louis Jordan, Jose Salvador Alvarenga and Ron Ingraham are just a few of those who have survived at sea.
Women have been barred from attending most sports events involving men since Iran's Islamic Revolution in 1979. A top Iranian sports official says the ban will be lifted for some events. It isn't clear exactly which games women will be able to attend.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu says he sees better options than "this bad deal or war" Netanyahu's comments come as Democrats and Republicans spar over the framework announced last week. One Senate Democrat says Netanyahu needs to "contain himself"
Former heavyweight boxer Mike Tyson lived in a gaudy, abandoned mansion in Ohio. CNN's Karl Penhaul spoke to a shepherd who witnessed the final seconds of Germanwings Flight 9525. Penn Jillette's provocative opening remarks.
Easter celebrates the completion of Christ's mission of salvation in the Crucifixion and Resurrection. It doesn't fall on the same day every year but shifts around in spring depending on cosmic events. Easter's timing is related to Passover.
Police in the Indian city of Malegaon have asked residents to take a 'mugshot' of their cattle and submit it to the police. Authorities believe this is the only way to solve cow slaughter cases and enforce the law.
Keonna Thomas, 30, is charged with trying to travel overseas to fight for ISIS. She's one of three women arrested this week on terror charges. Two New York women were also taken into custody.
Lack of access to traditional print and broadcast media in authoritarian countries is driving disaffected voices to post online. Singapore, Malaysia and Vietnam are among countries where Internet activity comes under fire. 11% of journalists have been killed for their work online in the past year.
Robert Lewis Burns Jr. was part of the genre-defining band's original lineup. He died after his car hit a mailbox and a tree in Cartersville, Georgia. No other cars were involved.
Avril Lavigne says she was bedridden for five months after contracting Lyme disease. The singer says being ill was a "wake-up call" that has given her new perspective.
Kevone Charleston, 36, is suspected of 32 commercial robberies dating to November 2013. He was shot and wounded by FBI agents and task force officers, but his injuries are not life threatening.
The NCAA says it has no legal responsibility "to ensure the academic integrity of the courses offered to student-athletes at its member institutions" "It's nonsense. It's double talk," says former athletic-academic director Gerald Gurney.
The Large Hadron Collider (LHC) is ready for action after a two-year shutdown. The purpose of the project is to recreate the conditions that existed moments after the Big Bang. Scientists hope to uncover how the universe evolved.
Fighting has killed hundreds of people in Yemen in less than two weeks. The Red Cross calls for a humanitarian ceasefire to let aid in. The U.N. Security Council discusses the humanitarian situation at Russia's behest. The draft resolution is missing key elements.
The U.S. Religious Freedom Restoration Act was passed in 1993. It prohibits the federal government from "substantially burdening" a person's exercise of religion. So far, 20 states have some version of the law, and the legal controversies have grown.
Somalia-based Al-Shabaab has been behind a string of recent attacks in Kenya. The terrorist group is predominantly driven by the same radical interpretation of the Koran as al-Qaeda and ISIS. The group's attack in Garissa is part of a broader regional context of instability, authors say.
Cassandra C., 17, is in remission after nearly six months of forced chemo treatments. The teen ran away after two days of chemo treatment in November. A judge ordered her to be under the custody of the Connecticut Department of Children and Families.
"Uptown Funk!" is the longest-leading Billboard Hot 100 of the 2010s, ruling the chart for a 13th week. "Funk" passes Robin Thicke's "Blurred Lines" to take sole possession of longest command.
Thai Smile, a subsidiary of Thailand flag carrier Thai Airways, unveils "Adventure Time" livery. The inaugural Thai Smile Adventure Time flight takes place on April 4 in Bangkok.
The temperature was recorded at Argentina's Esperanza Base on the northern tip of the Antarctica Peninsula. The World Meteorological Organization is in the process of setting up an ad-hoc committee to collect relevant evidence.
Kim Ki-Jong has also been charged with assaulting a foreign envoy and business obstruction. U.S. Ambassador Mark Lippert was stabbed March 5 during an event. Kim has a history of unpredictable behavior, police say.
Frida Ghitis: Reaching a good, solid agreement with Iran is a worthy, desirable goal. Ghitis says the process has unfolded under the destructive influence of political considerations. She says Obama's political standing and legacy in foreign policy are deeply intertwined with reaching an accord with Iran. The agreement so far does not.
Deion Sanders Jr. tweeted that he only eats "hood doughnuts" His father responded: "You're a Huxtable with a million $ trust fund. Stop the hood stuff!"
Public health officials warn consumers not to eat any Blue Bell-branded products made at the company's Broken Arrow, Oklahoma, plant. Listeria monocytogenes was recently found in a cup of ice cream recovered from a hospital.
Rurik Jutting, 29, is charged with two counts of murder in Hong Kong. A court hearing to determine whether there was enough evidence to proceed to trial was adjourned until May. The victims' bodies were buried after being repatriated to Indonesia.
"Furious 7" is expected to open in the $135 million-$138 million range this weekend. It will be playing in 4,003 theaters by Good Friday. The film is the final film featuring Paul Walker.
Chelsea Manning is serving a 35-year prison sentence for leaking thousands of classified documents. In a series of tweets, she says she will be using a voice phone to dictate her tweets on Twitter.
David Frum: Review says Rolling Stone article about alleged gang rape at UVA was "deeply flawed" Frum says law of defamation must be balanced against freedom of speech protected by First Amendment, Virginia Constitution. He says individual members of fraternity will likely be considered private individuals, and not public figures. Groups generally cannot sue, but there are exceptions.
Defense Minister Gen Nakatani told the Diet, Japan's parliament, that his jets had, to date, never come across any UFOs from outer space. He was responding to a query from flamboyant former wrestler-turned-lawmaker Antonio Inoki.
The FBI has confirmed that one of its most wanted terrorists, the Malaysian bomb maker known as Marwan, was killed in a raid in the Philippines. The FBI had been offering a $5 million reward for information leading to Marwan's capture. The Philippines has been fighting an insurgency in the predominantly Muslim south for years.
The government of Shibuya ward, one of Tokyo's most famous shopping districts, passed an ordinance on Wednesday paving the way for "partnership certificates" The certificates will not be issued until later in the summer and are not legally binding.
David Lynch has confirmed he will no longer direct the revival of "Twin Peaks" He said he felt the network was not offering enough money to produce the show.
A hot mic picked up Kentucky guard Andrew Harrison saying, "F**k that (N-word) to Wisconsin's Frank Kaminsky. Harrison said his words were "in jest" and that he meant no disrespect.
Six people are injured after an explosion at a chemical plant in China's Fujian province. The plant produces paraxylene, a reportedly carcinogenic chemical used in the production of polyester films.
The EPA says there was a presence of methyl bromide in the villa where the family was staying. The use of the pesticide is restricted in the U.S. because of its acute toxicity. The EPA is working with local government agencies to investigate.
Sen. Rand Paul, R-Kentucky, announced he's running for president. Donna Brazile says Paul's record on voting rights, civil rights is out of the mainstream. Brazile: The American people deserve a leader who won't pander to them when it's convenient.
U.S. Department of Justice names FedEx as new defendant in drug war on drugs indictment. David Frum: Can companies even be charged with crimes? He says corporations can indeed be prosecuted like a person, and it's easier to prosecute them than people. Frum says FedEx argues it is a common carrier service.
"Mad Men" has become part of the national fabric, if never a huge ratings hit. Show about a 1960s advertising agency and its collision with changing times has become a symbol of the times. With the '60s screaming towards their conclusion, the show probably won't jump ahead much.
Comedian Chris Rock tweeted a series of tweets documenting three traffic stops in seven weeks. Black people are about 30% more likely to be pulled over by police than whites. He got lots of support on Twitter for the tweets.
Mark Wahlberg will star in a film about the Boston Marathon bombing. The film will be called "Patriots' Day" It will be told from the point of view of a police commissioner.
Model Manuela Arbelaez accidentally reveals the correct answer to a guessing game. Host Drew Carey couldn't stop laughing. It's been a busy week.
Kenyans use social media to share stories, hopes and dreams of victims of Garissa University College attack. Kenyan authorities have not released a list of the victims. Kenyan churches mourn Sunday.
Investigators are not expected to return to the crash site, a French national police official says. The flight data recorder, or "black box," was found Thursday. The cockpit voice recorder was found days after the crash.
Carlos Colina, 32, was arraigned on charges of assault and battery causing serious bodily injury and improper disposal of a body. Police were notified Saturday about a suspicious item along a walkway in Cambridge.
Etihad Airways lost a 2-year-old cat on a flight from Abu Dhabi to New York last week. The cat's plastic carrier was badly damaged. The airline says it is investigating the incident.
"Arrested Development" executive producer Brian Grazer says the show will return for a fifth season. The fourth season was streamed exclusively on Netflix in 2013.
Easter is unique on the Christian calendar, a major point in the cycle of the religious year. John Sutter: Easter is about how religious impulses, and patterns, can operate in ways that affect our lives. Easter embraces the great mystery of resurrection, with its promise of transformation.
In the New Testament, money gets 37 mentions, while "gold" gets 38 citations, "silver" merits 20, and "copper" four. Jesus told his Twelve Apostles to leave their day jobs and follow him on an itinerant mission with few prospects of success.
Boston bombing suspect Dzhokhar Tsarnaev's trial is coming to a close. In Louisville, Kentucky, Sen. Rand Paul announces he will run for president. In Ferguson, Missouri, the shadow of Michael Brown looms large.
Ted Cruz hit the trail in Iowa for the first time as a presidential candidate last week. Cruz is counting on Iowa, known for its vocal and active evangelical base, to propel him forward in the race.
"Vampire Diaries" star Nina Dobrev is leaving the show at the end of this season. Many fans are upset that the show will go on to a seventh season after Dobrev's departure.
Zhou Yongkang is the highest-ranking Chinese Communist Party official ever to face corruption charges. He was one of nine men who effectively ruled the country of more than 1.3 billion people at the height of his power.
Education minister Smriti Irani was visiting a FabIndia outlet in the tourist resort state of Goa. She discovered a surveillance camera pointed at the changing room. Four employees of the store have been arrested; manager still at large.
The group included four children -- the oldest being 10 or 11, a Turkish official says. The nine were arrested at the Turkey-Syria border. The British Foreign Office says it is aware of reports of the arrests.
Kayahan died Friday in a hospital in Istanbul, five days after his 66th birthday. He competed in the Eurovision Song Contest in 1990. His final album was released in 2007.
A nuclear submarine being repaired at a Russian shipyard has caught on fire. "The submarine is in a dry dock," Tass reports, citing a law enforcement source. No ammunition is on board.
About 300 people were evacuated from the Abkatun Permanente platform after the fire started. The fire began in the platform's dehydration and pumping area. 45 workers were injured in the blaze.
TV5Monde was gradually regaining control of its channels and social media outlets after a cyberattack. The network says it was "hacked by an Islamist group" There was no immediate claim of responsibility.
Three people were killed and five others were wounded when a group of armed assailants stormed into the attorney general's office. Most staff members and civilians have been rescued.
Jurors found Dzhokhar Tsarnaev guilty of all 30 counts he faced in the Boston Marathon bombing trial. He is eligible for the death penalty. The trial will now move into the penalty phase of the trial.
The fire began at the General Electric Appliance Park in Louisville, Kentucky. The park is large, such that 34 football fields could fit in one of its warehouses in the industrial park facility.
A U.S. official says Washington is "not putting a timeframe on" a possible invasion of Mosul. Mosul has long been the big prize in the Iraqi government's fight to defeat ISIS. It has also long been a source of embarrassment for Iraqi troops.
The California Public Utilities Commission orders PG&E to pay a record $1.6 billion penalty. Most of the penalty amounts to forced spending on improving pipeline safety. Eight people were killed in a pipeline explosion in San Bruno, California, in 2010.
NEW: One person is killed in Fairdale, Illinois. NEW: The tornado cuts a 22-mile path through Ogle County, Illinois, a disaster official says. The National Weather Service warns of a "particularly dangerous situation" in the Midwest.
Officer Michael Slager has been fired and charged with murder in the death of 50-year-old Walter Scott. A bystander's cell phone video shows the five-year police veteran shooting at Scott eight times. Slager initially said he used a Taser.
Police in Lucknow, northern India, have bought four drones and are in the process of purchasing one more. The miniature aircraft will be fitted with a camera and pepper spray; each drone costs between $9,560.
A female Secret Service employee accused a supervisor of assault after he made sexual advances at her. The incident occurred at a party for the supervisor's new job. The supervisor has been placed on administrative leave.
Richard Dysart played cranky senior partner Leland McKenzie on "L.A. Law" He was nominated for the Emmy for outstanding supporting actor in a drama series four straight years. He died Sunday at 86.
Vijay Chokalingam, Mindy Kaling's brother, says he pretended to be African-American to get into medical school. He says he wanted to show that blacks and other underrepresented minorities get unfair advantage when applying to schools. Ruben Navarrette: One-third of Americans are black, Hispanic or Native American.
Don McLean's "American Pie" sold for $1.2 million at Christie's on Tuesday. Bob Greene: The song is an Americana poem emanating wistful recollection, blues valentine, and youthful protest rolled into one. Greene: It's a talisman, like a sacred river, that keeps bringing joy.
Anthony Ray Hinton was convicted of murder in the 1985 deaths of two Birmingham-area fast-food restaurant managers. A new trial was ordered in 2014 after a gun used in the killings was not matched to evidence. The state declined to re-prosecute.
April 8 was also "Rex Manning Day" Twitter paid homage to the 1995 film "Empire Records" Other famous dates include "Titanic," "Back to the Future"
Mary Kay Letourneau Fualaau gave birth to her lover's child and served seven years in prison. She and her husband are celebrating their 10th wedding anniversary on May 20. ABC's "20/20" will air.
Next year marks the band's 40th anniversary. Twisted Sister's biggest hit, "We're Not Gonna Take It," hit the Top Forty in 1984. The band will play with a new drummer.
"Grace of Monaco" will premiere on Lifetime on Memorial Day, May 25. The Weinstein Co. bought U.S. distribution rights at the 2013 Berlin Film Festival. The film opened in Cannes.
The lyrics to "American Pie" sold for $1.2 million at auction. Don McLean's manuscript is 16 pages long. The song hit No. 1 in early 1972, despite its length.
Kanye West has settled a lawsuit with a paparazzi photographer he assaulted. The photographer, Daniel Ramos, had filed the civil suit against West in July 2013. West pleaded no contest last year to a misdemeanor count of battery over the scuffle.
John Travolta is one of the Church of Scientology's most high-profile members. The actor is premiering his new film, "The Forger," in Clearwater, Florida. He called Scientology "brilliant"
"I'm feeling much better and am leaving the hospital today," B.B. King says in a statement. His daughter says dehydration was caused by his Type II diabetes. He is back home resting and enjoying time with his grandchildren.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev is found guilty on all 30 counts he faced in the Boston Marathon bombings. "Justice has been served today," a police officer says. "I may be standing on one fake leg, but I'm standing here, stronger than ever," a survivor says. The verdict brings a sense of relief.
Chinese TV host caught on camera cursing late Chairman Mao Zedong at dinner party. Bi Fujian, known as "Grandpa Bi," works for state-run China Central Television. He later apologized, saying his comments had led to "grave social consequences"
NEW: A tornado may have touched down in Potosi, Missouri. NEW: More storms are expected in the Midwest, Mississippi River Valley, Tennessee River Valley and Great Lakes. Kansas wasn't the only state.
Katie, a giraffe at the Dallas Zoo, gave birth to a not-so-little baby early Friday evening. The baby joins a sister, 4-year-old calf Jamie, at the zoo.
The fifth season of "Game of Thrones" premieres Sunday. It's the most high-profile premiere yet. The Stark daughters, Arya and Sansa, will be the characters to watch this season.
Heads of state from 35 countries in the Western Hemisphere have met every three years to discuss economic, social or political issues. Cuba has historically been the wrench in the diplomatic machinery at the Summit of the Americas.
President Obama is giving up enormous leverage in his nuclear deal with Iran, says Peter Bergen. Bergen: Only reason Iran came to the negotiating table was because of tough sanctions imposed by U.S. Congress. He says the deal would hand Tehran billions of previously sanctioned funds, filling coffers of state sponsor of terrorism.
Martin O'Malley and Jim Webb share stage at Polk County Democrats Awards Dinner in Des Moines, Iowa. Both Democrats are toying with a presidential run, both are facing long odds. Hillary Clinton leads every national and state poll.
"The change will come," Anthony Scott says. "Walter's death will not be in vain," he says. A witness says she saw Scott and Slager scuffling before the shooting. Slager faces life in prison.
NEW: The shootings are connected, police chief says. NEW: The suspect is in good condition. A guard at the U.S. Census Bureau is shot in the upper body. An officer and the suspect are wounded.
Iranian military observation aircraft flew within 50 yards of an armed U.S. Navy helicopter over the Persian Gulf. The Navy helicopter was flying from the deck of the USS Carl Vinson. No shots were fired during the encounter.
Liana Barrientos has been married 10 times, sometimes within two weeks of each other. She is believed to still be married to four men, and at one time, she was married to eight men at once, prosecutors say.
A photo of a cat coming down some stairs is trending on social media. Some people are noting the apparent motion of the cat and the construction of the stairs.
LZ Granderson: Pope Francis has reawakened my faith in the Catholic Church. He says the Pope's approach to homosexuality has long been a taboo subject for the Vatican. Granderson says he's been enthralled by Francis' humility and his willingness to be humble.
Mullah Mohammed Omar is credited with founding the Taliban in the early 1990s. The reclusive militant was famously camera-shy during the Taliban's six-year rule over most of Afghanistan. Washington has offered a $10 million reward for his capture.
Amnesty International report calls for authorities to address the number of attacks on women's rights activists in Afghanistan. The report examines the persecution of activists by the Taliban and tribal warlords. The brutal murder of Farkhunda shocked the world in 2013.
Nelly, 40, is charged with felony possession of drugs, simple possession of marijuana and drug paraphernalia. The rapper from St. Louis shot to fame 15 years ago with the track "Country Grammar" Nelly posted bond and left the Putnam County Jail.
The first six "Star Wars" movies will come to digital HD on Friday. The collection will also include many special features, some of which give fans a rare glimpse behind the scenes of the movies.
Hillary Clinton is finally announcing her candidacy for the 2016 presidential election. Julian Zelizer: For Democrats, there is ample reason to be excited about Clinton's run for the presidency. Zelizer says she is one of the strongest candidates in many decades. But he says some of her weaknesses have also been exposed in the buildup to her final decision.
Martin O'Malley says Hillary Clinton's inevitability is not unbreakable. The former Maryland governor says the Democratic Party is full of "good leaders" Clinton is planning to launch her presidential candidacy on Sunday.
Ramalinga Raju is the former chairman of software services exporter Satyam Computers Services. He and nine others have been sentenced to seven years in jail. The case has been dubbed India's biggest corporate scandal.
Sweden is said to be the most generous nation on Earth for parental leave. The country grants 480 calendar days of parental leave, with 390 paid at 80% of income. Only 12% of Swedish couples equally share the leave.
Craig Hicks is charged in the deaths of three Muslim college students in Chapel Hill, North Carolina. Judge Orlando Hudson Jr. ruled that Hicks' case is "death penalty qualified" Victims' family members have called for investigation.
HBO released a teaser video for season 2 of "True Detective" The new season premieres June 21. Colin Farrell, Vince Vaughn, Rachel McAdams and Taylor Kitsch star.
More than 200 students signed a petition asking the school not to show the movie. Some students believed the movie's depiction of the Iraq War reflected negatively on the Middle East. Bradley Cooper was nominated for an Oscar.
Lauren Hill was diagnosed with a rare brain tumor in 2013. She played college basketball for Mount St. Joseph University in Cincinnati last year. She helped raise $1.4 million for pediatric cancer research with nonprofit group.
Carlos Colina, 32, will be arraigned the morning of April 14 for murder. Police were notified Saturday about a suspicious item along a walkway in Cambridge. Remains were found in a duffel.
Chris Copeland of the Indiana Pacers was stabbed after leaving a trendy New York nightclub early Wednesday. Two Atlanta Hawks were arrested on charges of obstructing governmental administration and disorderly conduct. The Pacers say Copeland suffered a knife wound to his left elbow and abdomen and is in stable condition in hospital.
"Lost River" is Ryan Gosling's first feature as director. The film is set in Detroit, a city on the brink of annihilation. Gosling: "We wanted to share the experience these people were having"
Elizabeth Sedway was in Hawaii to celebrate her 14th wedding anniversary. She was on a flight from Hawaii to San Jose, California, when she was asked how she was doing. Alaska Airlines says it's better to address medical issues on the ground, not in the air.
Former NFL star Aaron Hernandez is on trial for the shooting death of semi-pro player Odin Lloyd. Hernandez's defense rested its witnesses on Monday. Closing arguments are set for Tuesday; the jury will begin deliberating.
Two women are killed in Guatemala every day, according to the U.N. Women are particularly vulnerable because of a deep-rooted gender bias and culture of misogyny. Despite high homicide rate, the United Nations estimates 98% of cases never make it to court in Guatemala.
Robert Durst is charged with unlawful possession of a firearm. He faces a maximum of 10 years in prison if found guilty of that charge. He also faces state weapons and drugs charges in New Orleans. If convicted, he could face the death penalty in Los Angeles.
The Department of Justice will begin to negotiate with the city of Ferguson to restructure the police department. The department has been charged with engaging in a pattern and practice of racial discrimination. The town elected two black candidates to the city council on Tuesday, changing its racial composition. Community representatives will have to fight for change.
Steve Esmond, his teenage sons and the teens' mother fell ill more than two weeks ago in St. John. The EPA says there was a presence of a pesticide at the rented villa. The use of methyl bromide is restricted in the United States.
Oliver Minatel says he was sleeping when he felt something around his neck. The man was not restrained for the rest of the trip, but the flight crew told him to stay seated. The suspect was escorted off the plane.
The University of Virginia is under investigation over how it handles sexual assault allegations. The school has never expelled a single student for sexual assault, even when the student admitted to it. The Virginia attorney general has asked a law firm to look at the issue.
Jordan Spieth leads Masters by four shots going into final day. Rory McIlroy drops two shots late on to finish six under par. Phil Mickelson, Tiger Woods, Justin Rose and Justin Rose surge.
"Star Wars" will be released on digital HD at the end of the week. Mindy Kaling's brother says he posed as a black man to get into medical school. Michelle Obama dances again.
7-Eleven is hosting the first Bring-Your-Own-Cup Slurpee Day. Customers can bring their own beaker, goblet or vase and slurp up.
Almost 2,000 World War I soldiers' writings have been found under battlefields near Naours, France. The inscriptions date back almost 100 years. They were discovered by a consortium of villages that wanted to promote history.
President Obama nominated Loretta Lynch to be the country's first African-American woman attorney general. Her confirmation has been delayed longer than the eight previous nominees for the job -- combined.
A Lamborghini crashes into a guardrail at the Exotic Driving Experience at Walt Disney World Speedway. The driver of the car loses control of the vehicle. The passenger dies at the scene, police say.
This year is the 20th anniversary of the discovery of a planet around a star like our own sun, 51 Pegasi. Astronomers estimate there are perhaps 40 billion Earth-like, habitable-zone planets in our Milky Way galaxy alone. If planets that develop simple forms of life may be a dime a dozen, the chance is minuscule.
Hatton Garden raid feels like it has been taken from a movie like "Ocean 11" given its daring and planning. In the UK burglaries and robberies are often committed by working-class people, people who would otherwise have blue collar jobs. Such robberies are rare.
Pierre Krähenbühl will assess the humanitarian situation in the camp. The Yarmouk refugee camp has been engulfed in fighting since December 2012. The camp is the largest Palestinian refugee camp in Syria.
"Furious 7" earned a record $146 million over the weekend. Many moviegoers said they got choked up during scenes featuring Paul Walker. Fans praised the movie's ending as fitting tribute.
A New York judge issued an opinion authorizing service of divorce papers on a husband completely via Facebook. The idea of service by Facebook seems to offend traditional notions of ensuring notification of a defendant of a case against him, he says.
Sherilyn Fenn, Sheryl Lee, James Marshall, Peggy Lipton and other familiar faces appear in the video. Lynch announced Sunday that he was exiting Showtime's nine-episode revival.
Selena's family is creating a hologram-like figure. It will be "walking, talking, singing and dancing digital embodiment" The project is being called "Selena the One"
Of the ship's 2,117 passengers, 95 have suffered from vomiting, diarrhea and other symptoms. The illness has also affected five members of the 964-person crew on board.
Five young Chinese feminists may face up to five years in prison over their campaign for gender equality. The women were detained on March 6 and March 7 in three Chinese cities. They had planned events they had planned for International Women's Day on March 8.
Daniel Boykin, 33, pleaded guilty to unlawful photography, aggravated burglary and violation of computer act. Police found more than 90 videos and 1,500 photos of the victim on Boykin's phone and computer, prosecutors say.
The debris is suspected to be from the earthquake and tsunami that hit Japan in 2011. The boat fragment was found this week and towed to Newport, Oregon. Inside were specimens of yellowtail jack fish normally found in Japanese waters.
Cuba pulls off diplomatic coup by marshaling support of other regional countries to attend Summit of the Americas. Cuba's attempts to rebrand itself as an open, diverse society stumbled Wednesday when government supporters and dissidents clashed.
ISIS claims it controls part of Iraq's largest oil refinery. The Baiji oil refinery is just 25 miles from the northern Iraqi city of Tikrit, which ISIS controls.
Ryan Calhoun and Delonte Martistee, students at Troy University, charged with sexual battery. Troy police found video of what appeared to be a Panama City gang rape. The victim was a visitor in Panama City.
Alaska Airlines Flight 448 was on its way to Los Angeles from Seattle-Tacoma International Airport. The pilot reported hearing unusual banging from the cargo hold. It turned out to be a ramp agent who had fallen asleep in the hold.
A hooded angel with black wings appeared near the spot where Walter Scott was killed. It's been taken up as an icon of the Black Lives Matter movement. Creator Phillip Hyman grew up in the neighborhood where Scott died.
U.S. plane was flying over the Baltic Sea when it was intercepted by a Russian SU-27 Flanker. The Pentagon says the Russian pilot's actions were "unsafe and unprofessional" The incident occurred in international airspace north of Poland.
A 21-year-old quadriplegic with cerebral palsy was left in a Philadelphia park for more than four days. Police say the man's mother left him there with only a blanket and a Bible. The mother faces a host of charges.
Obama says he's "absolutely committed" to making sure Israel maintains a military advantage over Iran. Comments come amid criticism from Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of the deal the U.S. struck with Iran.
The kidnapping of nearly 300 schoolgirls by a jihadist group in Nigeria remains a crime almost too horrifying to comprehend. The girls were abducted on the night of April 14-15, 2014, in the town of Chibok.
Nyia Parler cannot be extradited until she completes unspecified "treatment," Maryland police say. Parler, 41, is accused of leaving quadriplegic son, 21, in woods for days. Man found Friday "lying in leaves, covered in a blanket"
The law bans what it describes as "dismemberment abortion" It is the first of its kind in the United States. Supporters of the measure describe it as a groundbreaking step. Opponents warn it is dangerous and among the most restrictive.
Nyia Parler, 41, cannot be extradited to Philadelphia until she completes unspecified "treatment," police say. Philadelphia police say she left 21-year-old quadriplegic son in woods while she went to Maryland. Maryland police identify mother as Parler.
Chinese-born, American-based Jia Jiang blogged about "100 Days of Rejection" in 2012. His book, Rejection Proof, is part self-help and part motivational/autobiography. The book is being released this week.
Ebola has killed more than 25,000 people and infected 10,000 in the last year. The intensity of the largest Ebola epidemic in history has died down, but dozens are still newly infected each week. WHO reports are mixed on stopping the virus completely.
Jill (Duggar) Dillard gave birth to a son Monday. The baby was a bit tardy, going past his due date by more than a week on Monday.
CNN Situation Room correspondent Brian Todd and photojournalist Khalil Abdallah were on their way to interview a legal analyst. They happened on a brood of baby ducks causing a stir.
Ron Lane, a longtime employee at Wayne Community College in North Carolina, was killed Monday. The suspect, Kenneth Morgan Stancil III, worked with Lane as part of a work-study program, but was let go.
Richie Benaud has died at the age of 84. Benaud was a former Australia cricket captain and broadcaster. Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott says Benaud "personified cricket" Former teammate Shane Warne pays tribute to Benaud.
Cape Verde is seeking to tap-into the spoils of its rich cultural heritage in a bid to help its economy flourish. The country's prime minister has acknowledged the economic potential of music. Music has the potential to play a key role.
The migrants were picked up 30 miles off the coast of Libya. In the first three months of 2015, Italy registered more than 10,000 migrants arriving. At least 480 migrants have died this year.
"Double Falsehood" was first published in 1728 by Lewis Theobald, based on Don Quixote's "Cardenio" section. New research suggests it was written by William Shakespeare. Two scholars used computer software to analyze writings of the three men.
Kenyans mourn the victims of the attack at Nairobi's Uhuru Park. The government is tracking finances of people suspected of ties to Al-Shabaab.
Irish betting company Paddy Power apologizes for tweet that referred to police killing of unarmed African-American men. Tweet was a pun on the name of the famous home end at Liverpool Football Club. Spokesman: "It was a joke, and no offense"
A NASA astrophysicist has named an asteroid after Malala Yousafzai. The asteroid circles the sun between Mars and Jupiter every five and half years. Malala was wounded for promoting the right of girls to school.
Wu Rongrong and four other women's rights activists detained for "creating disturbances" on International Women's Day. This year marks the 20th anniversary of the influential Fourth World Conference on Women in Beijing. China appears poised to adopt its first and long-awaited anti-domestic violence law this summer.
Jodi Arias sentenced to life in prison for the 2008 murder of her ex-boyfriend Travis Alexander. Arias was found guilty of first-degree murder in May 2013. Travis Alexander's sisters gave victim impact statements.
Attorney General Eric Holder: Prostitution "threatens the core mission" of the Justice Department. "S soliciting prostitutes creates a greater demand for human trafficking," he says. The directive comes after a Justice Department inspector general report.
Julian Zelizer: Hillary Clinton will be the barometer by which we assess gender equality in the U.S. He says a win would mean a woman in the White House, which is a vital step toward women's full political inclusion. Zelizer says a loss would perpetuate the myth that women cannot win big elections, he says.
Frida Ghitis: It's a good thing that a bystander recorded video of police killing of Walter Scott in South Carolina. She says it raises troubling questions about how often such incidents take place without a third-party recording. A 1994 law requires the Justice Department to collect data on deaths caused by police, but it's been ignored.
A Tennessee prosecutor has banned prosecutors from offering female sterilization as part of plea deals. John Sutter: There has been public outrage at the idea that a defendant in America in 2015 would be offered a choice of sterilization. He says even if a punishment violates the Constitution, it is permissible, if you willingly choose it.
Emy Afalava was born in American Samoa, a U.S. territory since 1900. He and other American Samoans are seeking to become citizens in a federal lawsuit before the D.C. Circuit. Since the United States was established, it adhered to the rule that those born on U.s. lands.
Frida Ghitis: Dzhokhar Tsarnaev's conviction isn't surprising, but there could be more like him. Ghitis says we need to understand what leads young Muslims down a dangerous path. She says Islam is about what you believe, but it's also about being part of a community, and part of community.
Apple released a new version of its mobile operating system that includes more diversity in its emojis. John Sutter: The reaction to this new lineup is, as should be expected with almost anything new, a range of cheers and jeers. Apple has "evolved" in showing diversity, he says.
David Obeidallah: Officer Michael Slager's shooting of Walter Scott defies any reasonable explanation. He says there is another camera that might have prevented the entire tragedy: a police body camera. O'Beidallah says there's a bias against black men in the criminal justice system that must be addressed.
Pentagon releases map showing coalition forces have taken back 25-30% of Iraqi territory seized by ISIS. Counterinsurgency expert Afzal Ashraf says ISIS is winning in key areas of Iraq where it was previously dominant force. ISIS has been winning in Ramadi.
Iman Hashi and her sister Siham are a Somali-American duo known as Faarrow. The sisters were forced to flee Somalia after war broke out in 1991 and relocated to Canada as refugees. They are now gearing up to release their debut album in LA.
Yarmouk camp on the outskirts of Damascus has been engulfed in the Syrian conflict since 2012. Pro-government factions besiege the area from the outside, cutting off supplies and aid. The inside is held by anti-regime groups, some of which are Islamists. Most of those fighting are Palestinians.
"A.D. The Bible Continues" debuts Sunday on NBC. "Mad Men" and "Louie" are back this week. "Marvel's Daredevil" launches Friday.
Paul Bettany plays the Vision in the "Avengers: Age of Ultron" sequel. Thursday was also the eve of the new Netflix series "Daredevil" Director Bryan Singer announced a new character for "X-Men"
Odin Lloyd was 27-years-old and working for a landscaping firm when he was killed in June 2013. His mother, sister, uncle and cousin describe him as a champion of family. Aaron Hernandez was convicted of first degree murder and sentenced to life in prison.
David Frum: 8 out of 10 American taxpayers get a refund when they file their taxes, and the average amount is close to $3000. Frum says tax filing has gotten easier, with software and service providers offering to do it for free. He says people are too busy spending their refunds.
Aaron Hernandez is accused of killing two men and wounding another near a Boston nightclub in July 2012. The former New England Patriots star pleaded not guilty at his arraignment. He is also being sued by a man who claims he shot him in Miami in 2013.
Lincoln's two greatest legacies grew organically from his Midwestern roots, says John Avlon. Lincoln knew no defensible border shielded land of corn from land of cotton, he says. Lincoln's assertion that the Union created the states, not vice versa, provoked strong disagreement in other parts of the country.
Ringling Bros. Center for Elephant Conservation in Florida houses 29 elephants. 13 more will join the group by 2018. "This was a decision that our family had discussed for quite some time," says Kenneth Feld, chairman and CEO of Feld Entertainment.
Arsenal beat Burnley 1-0 at Turf Moor to keep title hopes alive. Aaron Ramsey's first half goal secures Arsenal's hold on second place. Chelsea have two games in hand and play QPR on Sunday.
"Orphan Black" returns for its second season on Saturday, April 18. Tatiana Maslany says there will be more complex clone work this season. "Game of Thrones" returns Sunday.
Amy Schumer's opening video segment was as reliably hilarious and inventive as her Comedy Central show. Tinashe's "Drop That Kitty" was a shame she got about 30 seconds to shine.
"Daredevil" premiered its first season on Netflix on Friday morning. Charlie Cox stars as blind attorney Matt Murdock. The show has received positive reviews on Rotten Tomatoes.
Actress Alyssa Milano was on a "romantic getaway" with her husband. Heathrow Airport asks that travelers carry only what they need for flight.
Cynthia Lennon died Wednesday after a short but brave battle with cancer. She and John Lennon were married for six years. She was there when he rose to fame with the Beatles.
"Amy: The Girl Behind the Name" is set for UK release on July 3. The film will feature "extensive unseen archive footage and previously unheard tracks" Winehouse died from alcohol poisoning at the age of 27 on July 23, 2011, aged 27.
Ray Gricar went missing on April 15, 2005. His red Mini Cooper was found abandoned near a bridge on the Susquehanna River 55 miles from his home. His laptop and hard drive were found on the banks of the river. No one has been able to find him.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was convicted last week on 30 charges related to the 2013 Boston Marathon bombings. The jury will begin deliberating his punishment next week. The death penalty is on the table for him.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev's sentencing phase begins April 21, a day after the Boston Marathon. Judge George A. O'Toole tells jurors to avoid anything that could be prejudicial. The maximum penalty for several charges.
Students on the Kikuyu campus stampeded down the halls of the Kimberly dormitory. Hundreds were injured and were taken to hospitals. The confusion and panic came less than two weeks after the attack.
The robot stopped moving after moving about 10 meters. A fallen object had blocked its path and left it stranded. TEPCO decided to cut off the cable connected to the device as it had already covered route.
Robert Bates turns himself in to authorities at the Tulsa County Jail. He is charged with second-degree manslaughter in the death of Eric Courtney Harris. Harris' brother says no type of force should have been used in the arrest of his brother, Andre Harris.
Tourists and locals line up around the block for several hours just to get their hands on Jenny's cookies. People are even hired to stand in line to buy the goods and are later resold at a 70% mark.
The reinforcements come four days after ISIS began attacking northern Iraq's Baiji oil refinery. The facility refines much of the fuel used by Iraqis domestically. ISIS launched an assault on the refinery late Saturday.
Brett McGurk is the Obama administration's point man in the fight against ISIS. He says the U.S. is in "uncharted territory" when it comes to putting down the terror group.
Airstrikes have killed more than 500 Houthi rebels since March 26, official says. Yemeni Health Ministry says 385 civilians have been killed, 342 wounded. Yemen has been descending into chaos in recent weeks.
Amina Ali Qassim and her family fled the Yemeni island of Birim at first light. Twenty-five of them squeezed into one boat setting sail through the Bab al-Mandab Strait to Djibouti. The U.N. says thousands more refugees.
A woman left her explosives-laden handbag near a bus filling up with passengers, witnesses say. The bus was heading to the central Nigerian city of Jos. No one has claimed responsibility for the attack.
John T. Booker Jr. enlisted in the Army last year and was due to ship out to basic training April 7, 2014. He is charged with trying to detonate a car bomb at Fort Riley military base in Kansas. A second man was charged with failing to report a felony.
ISIS took thousands of Yazidis captive and forced them to convert to Islam or be shot. Young women and girls were separated to be sold as sex slaves. Hanan, 19, was held with 50 others, regularly beaten and threatened with torture.
Muhammadu Buhari tells CNN's Christiane Amanpour that he plans to aggressively fight corruption. He says he will focus on curbing violence in the northeast part of Nigeria. He defeated incumbent Goodluck Jonathan by about 2 million.
Hillary Clinton's campaign-in-waiting met on Saturday in its Brooklyn headquarters. Robby Mook, Clinton's soon-to-be campaign manager, distributed a "values statement" The document was obtained by CNN.
ISIS has taken the east of Baghdad, the only safe route from Baghdad to neighboring Anbar province. Thousands of people are fleeing on foot into the city, shell shocked and exhausted. "They took our homes and kicked us out," says one woman. "This is what we warned Baghdad would happen"
A swarm of Asian carp attacked the Washington University of rowing team's boat in Creve Coeur Lake. No one was injured, but the strong smell of fish lingered afterward.
Julian Zelizer: The White House insists it doesn't need congressional approval for the Iran nuclear deal. He says it would be a mistake to move forward with the deal as an executive-based agreement. Zelizer says a diplomatic breakthrough of this magnitude would be far more enduring without Congress.
Gwyneth Paltrow is participating in the #FoodBankNYCChallenge. Celebrity chef Mario Batali nominated the actress and musicians Sting and Deborah Harry. The effort is in response to cuts.
Georgia Gov. Nathan Deal signs bill that will legalize low-THC cannabis oil for certain "medication-resistant epilepsies" Haleigh Cox, 5, has been the face of the bill.
Lady Antebellum singer Hillary Scott's tour bus caught fire on a Texas freeway Thursday morning. Michael Barnett captured dramatic video of the fire, on Interstate 30 just northeast of Dallas, Texas.
A car bomb explodes near a police station in Al-Arish, killing six people, including one civilian. Ansar Beit Al-Maqdis, an ISIS affiliate, claims responsibility for the attack.
Carolina Sandretto is an Italian photographer based in New York. She focuses on "solares," the crumbling buildings that many Cubans divide and cohabitate in. She hopes to continue to document the changes on the island as relations improve.
The bill includes a permanent solution to the "doc fix" The House approved the same bill overwhelmingly more than two weeks ago. The issue of payments to Medicare providers has been a thorny issue.
Roxy Walsh found a ring engraved with the words, "Darling Joe, Happy 70th Birthday 2009. Love Jenny" on rocks in Bali. The ring's owner lost it while snorkeling.
Parents who refuse to vaccinate their children can lose up to $11,000 of welfare benefits a year. The number of children in Australia who have not received immunization has doubled in decade.
President Barack Obama and Cuban President Raul Castro will meet at the Summit of the Americas. Ruben Navarrette: The U.S. has lost influence in Latin America to hyperactive China, a cunning Russia and a troubling Iran. The Panama meeting offers a good opportunity to start building on the potential, he says.
U.S. military personnel are on the ground in Iraq, whipping often ill-equipped government troops into shape. Dozens of foreigners, including Americans, have volunteered to take the fight to ISIS. Outside agencies are working with Kurdish government troops and even militia in Syria.
Gaioz Nigalidze has been banned from the Dubai Open Chess Tournament. Officials discovered he was darting to the toilet to consult his smartphone. The phone was logged onto a chess analysis app, the club said.
HLN's #MeForReal is an uplifting, revealing conversation about the way we present ourselves online. Tag your favorite unscripted, unedited, un-perfected moments.
Tulsa World newspaper: Some supervisors told to forge Reserve Deputy Robert Bates' training records. Three who refused were reassigned to less desirable duties, report says. Sheriff's Office denies allegations, declines to comment. Attorney says allegations are based on affidavit.
The items are crafts and artifacts made by Japanese-Americans confined to World War II internment camps. "Star Trek" actor George Takei thanks people for working to stop the sale. The items were given to a historian.
A judge orders V. Stiviano to pay back more than $2.6 million in gifts from Donald Sterling. Sterling's wife sued her for taking advantage of the former Clippers owner. Shelly Sterling was thrilled with the court decision Tuesday.
Atlanta Hawks guard/forward Thabo Sefolosha says he was arrested after leaving a nightclub in New York last week. He suffered a fractured fibula and ligament damage. He and teammate Pero Antic were arrested near the stabbing scene.
"It's the hardest thing I've ever done in my life," one juror says. "It's amazing a lot of the information we learned today," a female juror tells reporters. "I think we can all say we made the right decision," she says.
Jason Rezaian will be tried soon on espionage charges, Tehran's chief justice says. He is accused of economic spying, the Washington Post reports. The State Department calls the charges "absurd" and calls for his release.
Al Qaeda confirms that two of its leaders were killed in CIA drone strikes in January. Peter Bergen: The deaths of the two men continue the decimation of al Qaeda's bench of leaders. Al Qaeda has virtually no capacity to carry out attacks in the West, Bergen says.
The U.N. Security Council votes in favor of an arms embargo on the Houthis. The Houthis have taken over large swaths of Yemen, including its capital, Sanaa. Russia abstained from the vote.
Authorities detained a 15-year-old girl from Cape Town, South Africa, at the city's airport. They say she was leaving the country to join ISIS. It's not clear how the girl was recruited or arranged.
The outage began around 10 p.m. Paris time and lasted more than five hours. TV5Monde offers round-the-clock entertainment, news and culturing programming in French that reaches 260 million homes.
Former rap mogul Marion "Suge" Knight ordered to stand trial for murder, other charges. He faces up to life in prison if convicted. Knight's bail is lowered to $10 million from $25 million. The judge also dismisses one count.
Robert Bates is accused of manslaughter in the death of Eric Harris. He says he mistook his firearm for the stun gun. The Tulsa County, Oklahoma, reserve sheriff's deputy says he has the documentation to prove it. Sheriff's office official denies any records have been forged.
Thousands of South Africans took to the streets of Durban to rally against violence and xenophobia. The marches follow recent violent attacks on foreigners in the country that have claimed five lives. Twitter followers voiced their support through hashtag campaigns.
George Davon Kennedy was arrested Tuesday night in DeKalb County, Georgia. He is the third suspect to be arrested in the case. Two others have been arrested and charged with sexual battery by multiple perpetrators, the sheriff's office says.
It has been 42 days since the last known case of B3 strain of measles. Of the 131 cases, 81 patients were unvaccinated. Measles is a highly contagious respiratory disease.
"Furious 7" hits theaters Friday. Vin Diesel predicts it will win best picture at the Oscars. There were no actors of color nominated for best picture. The cast is diverse.
A natural gas line explosion at a law enforcement shooting range in Fresno, California, injured 11 people. Most serious injuries were suffered by inmates assigned to maintenance and cleaning work. The cause of the blast is under investigation.
A trailer for Zack Snyder's upcoming "Batman v. Superman: Dawn of Justice" leaked online. The highly anticipated footage was set to premiere in Imax theaters on Monday.
John Helinski was homeless and nameless for three years. His ID and Social Security cards had been stolen. A cop and a case worker got him into the system. Now he's set to buy his own home and collect a pension.
Dr. Anthony Moschetto pleads not guilty to criminal solicitation, conspiracy, burglary, arson, criminal prescription sale and weapons charges. He was released after posting $2 million bond and surrendering his passport, authorities say.
Kenneth Morgan Stancil III is accused of killing an employee at a North Carolina community college. The 20-year-old snapped back at a judge after he was offered a court-appointed lawyer. He was arrested after being found sleeping on a Florida beach Tuesday.
The USS Oklahoma sank when it was hit by torpedoes on December 7, 1941. A total of 429 sailors and Marines on the ship were killed. Thirty-five crew members were positively identified and buried in the years immediately after the attack.
Thousands of Syrian and Palestinian refugees trapped in the Yarmouk refugee camp have suffered untold indignities. U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon described the camp as "the deepest circle of hell" He says turning away is not an option; international community must act.
Mohamed Mohamud once taught at the Madrassa in Garissa, Kenya. He is suspected of being the "mastermind" behind last week's deadly attack at a nearby university. Kenyan President Uhuru Kenyatta declares national mourning.
ISIS claims responsibility for a suicide car bomb attack near the U.S. Consulate in Irbil, Iraq. At least four people were killed and 18 injured, police say. The State Department says all personnel are safe.
Vatican watchers were divided about whether Pope Francis would use the word "genocide" One hundred years ago, more than 1 million Armenians died at the hand of the Turks at the hands of Turks.
An ESPN reporter went on a regrettable rant. A logic problem from a Singapore math test somehow spread across the Web. The first set of female quintuplets in the world was born in Houston, Texas.
CNN was granted rare access on a desperate aid mission by Unicef, the U.N. Children's Fund. The airport has previously been bombed. More than 100,000 Yemeni civilians have fled their homes since fighting began. 15.9 million people are in need of humanitarian assistance.
Adrian Peterson will be reinstated as an active player by the NFL on Friday. The NFL suspended the running back in November over allegations of child abuse. Peterson played in one game last season, a 35-6 win against St. Louis.
Police say Robert (Bob) Bates, 73, thought he was pulling out his Taser during an arrest. The suspect, Eric Courtney Harris, 44, later died at a local hospital and his cause of death is unknown.
"Anne of Green Gables" co-star Jonathan Crombie died Wednesday from complications of a brain hemorrhage. Crombie played Gilbert Blythe, who evolves over time from tormentor to friend to husband.
Lawyer for Robert Bates releases documents that he says verify some of his training. Lawyer: Bates had one Taser training class, took three firearms classes and qualified 10 times to use handgun. Bates is charged with second-degree manslaughter in the death of Eric Harris.
Chinese police have arrested more than 133,000 people and seized 43.3 tons of illegal narcotics. Authorities also handled 115,000 drug-related crimes and 606,000 cases of drug use. Nine police officers died and 657 were wounded.
Tomasz Lazar spent hours photographing and interviewing adults who were deported by the Soviets in the 1940s. "For me those faces are like maps," Lazar said. Many of his subjects broke down in tears.
Germanwings co-pilot Andreas Lubitz was diagnosed with depression before crash of Germanwings Flight 9525. The pilot's girlfriend made her concerns public knowledge after he took a leave of absence from training. The FAA now approves certain prescribed medication, allowing pilots to continue flying with depression.
India has laws for sexual violence in public spaces as well as at the workplace. Women still have to confront the cultural challenge of not feeling "ashamed" and bringing "disrepute" to their families. One in 3 women around the world face some form of sexual violence at least once.
This week's attack on Garissa University College is Al-Shabaab's fifth major assault in Kenya in the past year and a half. Frida Ghitis: Why is the terrorist group, affiliated with al Qaeda, targeting Kenya? Ghitis says the group has steadily been losing ground for years in Somalia due to African Union forces.
Jack White announced he'll take a hiatus from touring. White will wrap his tour efforts in support of "Lazeretto" with a brief, first-ever acoustic tour that will hit five states.
CNN confirms that Michelle MacLaren is leaving the "Wonder Woman" movie. The movie is still set for release on June 23, 2017. Gal Gadot will appear beforehand.
ABC is filming a proof of concept for a revival of "The Muppets" "The Big Bang Theory" co-creator Bill Prady is co-writing the script. The project could go straight to series.
Etan Patz went missing in New York City at age 6 in May 1979. Pedro Hernandez confessed to police three years ago that he killed the boy. His lawyer has said he is mentally ill and unable to discern whether he committed the crime or not.
Abdirahman Sheik Mohamud, 23, pleads not guilty to charges of providing material support to terrorists. He allegedly traveled to Syria for training and wanted to return home to kill U.S. soldiers execution style.
National Park Week is happening April 18 through April 26. Most of the National Park Service's 407 sites are free year-round. The 128 parks that charge a fee will be free Saturday.
The Bay Area is not the only community facing affordable housing challenges, HUD chief says. HUD is working with local partners across the country to create new affordable housing. HUD has asked Congress to increase HOME funding by 16% to keep momentum going.
Writers: Arkansas, Indiana governors caught off-guard by backlash over "religious freedom" bills. They say businesses with no previous record of support for social equality had better adjust to new reality. Writers: It's no longer a good business model or political strategy to be intolerant of diversity in race, ethnicity, gender.
Sen. Elizabeth Warren says she won't slack off on calls for breaking up banks, other measures to rein in Wall Street. Julian Zelizer: Democratic populism can't really work within the current campaign finance system. He says Democrats have lost traditional base of campaign support -- organized labor -- which had been central source.
Julian Zelizer: Rolling Stone's mistakes of reporting and editing are regrettable but understandable. He says the magazine's decision not to fire anybody or reorganize its newsroom operation is not. Zelizer says the editors who committed the blunder seem unprepared to revamp their operation to prevent a repeat.
Jon Cryer and James Corden re-created Duckie's record-store dance from "Duckie" The scene is one of the best-loved bits from the 1986 John Hughes film. Cryer turns 50.
Debra Lobo, a 55-year-old California native, was shot in the right cheek and left arm. Police found pamphlets that the assailants had thrown into Lobo's car, written in Urdu, in her car.
Three weeks since Saudi Arabia began airstrikes on Houthi rebels in Yemen. Fears grow that Iran and Saudia Arabia are fighting a proxy war in Yemen for regional domination. Houthis forced Yemeni President Abdu Rabu Mansour Hadi.
Ines Dumig's photo series "Apart Together" is about Somali refugee Sahra. Dumig met Sahra through a photo workshop at Refugio, a shelter in Munich, Germany, for refugees and torture victims.
Two boys, 16 and 14, are in critical condition at a Philadelphia hospital. Their father, Steve Esmond, is conscious but cannot move or talk, lawyer says. EPA says presence of pesticide at rented villa in St. John may have caused illnesses. EPA is investigating whether environmental regulations violated.
Mario Valencia, 36, faces 15 charges, including shoplifting the .30-30 rifle. Police say the cable gun lock was still on the rifle when it was recovered. Walmart says the rifle had been properly locked and might have been affected.
Hockey player Jarret Stoll was arrested Friday at the swimming pool of a Las Vegas resort. Stoll, 32, was charged with possession of controlled substances, including cocaine and ecstasy, KSNV.
Thousands of Yazidis now call Shariya refugee camp home, 18 miles from one of the front lines with ISIS. ISIS took thousands of Yazidi captives captive, some as young as 8 years old, to be sold as slaves. Yazidis were forced to watch the gruesome spectacle of the slaughter of their captives.
Maggie Doyne traveled the world before college, helping rebuild a sea wall in Fiji and working with Nepalese refugees. In 2006, she purchased land in Nepal and built a children's home for nearly 50 children. Her BlinkNow Foundation opened its Kopila Valley School, which today educates more than 350 students.
ESPN suspends reporter Britt McHenry for a week after video surfaces of her berating a towing company employee. McHenry says she allowed her emotions to get away from her during a stressful situation at a Virginia business.
"Weed 3: The Marijuana Revolution" airs at 9 p.m. ET/PT Sunday. Dr. Sanjay Gupta opens up to questions on Twitter about medical marijuana. Readers share their questions and concerns.
Gisele Bundchen walked the runway for the last time Wednesday. Tom Brady posted a message to his wife on Facebook. "You inspire me every day to be a better person," he wrote.
Davion Navar Henry Only has been in foster care since he was 7 years old. A video of his plea for a home went viral. He was finally adopted on April 22.
Mobs with machetes attacked immigrants in Durban, killing two immigrants and three South Africans. Thousands sought refuge in temporary shelters after the attacks. Police have scrambled to stop clashes after local residents accused immigrants of taking jobs.
A group of six young Minnesota men conspired to sneak into Syria and join ISIS "by any means necessary," prosecutors say. Recruiting for the ISIS terrorist network is a particular problem in Minnesota.
Jason Warnock was driving through a canyon in Lewiston, Idaho, when he saw an SUV dangling over the edge of a cliff. The only thing holding the SUV and its driver from a 30-foot drop was a crumpled fence.
Joy Womack is a principal ballerina at the Kremlin Ballet Theatre. She studied at the Bolshoi Ballet Academy and was one of the first Americans accepted into the company. In 2013 she left under a cloud, claiming she was asked to pay $10,000 to dance in small roles.
Photographer Timothy Bouldry captures what it's like to live inside one of the largest dumping grounds in India. The Boragaon landfill is located in the city of Guwahati near the Bhutanese border.
Africa's new millionaires are pushing the demand for luxury products across the continent. Sales of high-end products grew by a third between 2008 and 2013. The future of luxury in Africa is dependent on reforms taking place, says Fflur Roberts of Euromon.
Lawsuit seeks more than $1 billion in damages. Orphans, inmates, psychiatric patients and prostitutes were deliberately infected with sexually transmitted diseases. Subjects of the experiments weren't told they'd been infected, lawsuit says. Johns Hopkins and Rockefeller Foundation deny responsibility.
"You're more than fans. You're family," Mark Hamill tells the crowd. The trailer for "Star Wars: Episode VII -- The Force Awakens" is due out December 18. Twitter erupts.
"Real Housewives of Beverly Hills" star Kim Richards is accused of kicking a police officer after being arrested. Richards was taken into custody by police at the Beverly Hills Hotel. She is expected to face misdemeanor charges.
Deputies reassigned because of threats against them and their families, sheriff says. Sheriff Stanley Glanz says he is "very concerned" for their safety and that of their families. Sheriff also apologizes to Eric Harris' family.
Chancey Allen Luna was 16 at the time of the shooting of Christopher Lane, 23. Lane, an Australian attending East Central University, was jogging when he was shot in the back. A jury recommended that Luna spend life in prison without the possibility of parole.
Japan's nuclear watchdog had previously given a green light to the reopening of reactors 3 and 4. But locals successfully petitioned the court in Fukui Prefecture, where the plant is located. The power company said it would appeal the decision.
ISIS has been using Abu Ghraib and other cases of Western abuse to legitimize its current actions in Iraq. The U.S. poured money into Iraq after the 2003 invasion, but did not make support contingent upon a fair distribution of power. This enabled the Shiite-dominated government to discriminate against the Sunni community.
A new way of talking about climate change is emerging. It shifts focus from impersonal discussions about greenhouse gas emissions and power plants to your health. The World Health Organization estimates climate change will cause an additional 250,000 deaths.
Mike Rowe meets Chad Pregracke, the founder of Living Lands & Waters. He and his volunteers have collected 8.4 million pounds of trash from U.S. waterways. His efforts earned him the 2013 CNN Hero of the Year.
Robert Bates, 73, is charged with second-degree manslaughter in the shooting of Eric Harris. Bates said he meant to use his stun gun but ended up firing his handgun instead. Experts say the gun should be holstered on the officer's dominant side of the body.
Oklahoma Gov. Mary Fallin signs bill allowing use of nitrogen gas in executions. Nitrogen causes a quick loss of consciousness and then death from lack of oxygen, officials say.
Lawmakers in Florida and Arizona are trying to stop doctors from asking patients about guns and guns. The laws capitalize on controversial issues to divide and conquer doctors, says Dr. John Sutter. Doctors' associations have the most political clout in statehouses, he says.
A suicide bomber on a motorbike blows himself up in front of the Kabul Bank in Jalalabad. The ISIS terrorist group claims responsibility for the attack. The United Nations condemns the violence.
The drugs, whose value is estimated at more than $105 million, are the biggest cocaine seizure ever carried out by French authorities. Officers arrested one Venezuelan and two Spanish citizens on Wednesday.
Robert Kennedy Jr. compared "vaccine-induced" autism to the Holocaust. Frida Ghitis: It's sacrilege to compare any lesser issue to the horrors perpetrated by the Nazis. She says vaccines do not cause autism, and autism is not a death sentence. Kennedy's rhetoric is a problem.
Iraq is working to fortify the Baiji refinery's defenses. A week ago, ISIS claimed it controlled part of the facility. Peshmerga forces cleared 84 square kilometers (32 square miles) of ISIS territory.
Josh and Vanessa Ellis and their 8-month-old son were driving underneath a highway overpass. Concrete from a construction project crashed onto the family's car, killing them. Authorities say there was an ongoing construction project on the highway.
A second robotic probe sent into the crippled Fukushima nuclear plant has captured images of a strange green glow. The robot detected lower radiation levels and temperature than expected, an indicator that cooling systems were working effectively.
The American Pharmacists Association voted at its annual meeting to adopt a ban as an official policy. The group acted this week because of increased public attention on lethal injection. Thirty-two sates allow capital punishment for executions.
U.N. official: Survivors say boat may have capsized after being touched or swamped by a cargo ship that came to its aid. The company that manages the ship denies that it caused the boat to capsize. Two survivors arrested on human trafficking.
A Russian TV channel aired Hillary Clinton's first campaign video with a rating stamp that means it's for mature audiences. The channel said it didn't want to break the country's anti-gay propaganda law, fearing breaking it.
A car bomb explodes at a restaurant near the presidential palace in Mogadishu, killing at least 10 people. Al-Shabaab claims responsibility for the attack. The restaurant is across the street from hotel.
Daisy Bentley has been collecting notes for the past six years. The 23-year-old London-based artist has a collection of 1,500 notes. A gallery in London has put a selection on display for the public to see.
"Mare Nostrum" was launched after 600 people died when two migrant ships sank in 2013. Mare Nostrum was replaced by the more modest "Operation Triton" Six months later, the argument about how to handle unprecedented numbers of migrants continues.
Five years after the Deepwater Horizon oil spill, we are still only beginning to truly understand its environmental and economic repercussions. It's still unclear where all of the oil went, exactly how much remains or whether the reappearance of wildlife is a signal that the crisis is truly abating, authors say.
The ship, the Mu Du Bong, was detained after it ran aground off the coast of Mexico in July. Mexico defended the move Wednesday, saying it followed proper protocol. North Korea demanded the vessel and crew release.
A federal jury convicted Dzhokhar Tsarnaev of 30 charges related to the 2013 Boston Marathon bombings. Peter Bergen: The only issue to be decided is whether Tsarnaev should be executed. The 2015 Boston Marathon will take place April 20.
Heather Mack, 19, and Tommy Schaefer, 21, found guilty of killing Sheila von Wiese-Mack in Bali last August. Mack helped her boyfriend stuff her mother's lifeless body into a suitcase. Schaefer was sentenced to 18 years in prison for battering her to death.
An Asiana Airlines plane overran a runway while landing at Japan's Hiroshima Airport. Twenty-three people had minor injuries after Flight 162 landed at 8:05 p.m. There were 73 passengers and eight crew members aboard.
Drake appeared less than enthused after Madonna kissed him onstage at Coachella. "Don't misinterpret my shock!! I got to make out with the queen Madonna," he said.
Bundchen announced over the weekend that she would be retiring from the catwalk. The 34-year-old has said she wants to spend more time with family.
A look at Oklahoma City, 20 years after the terrorist attack. A fly-by of Pluto, 4 billion miles away. The struggle to save the last male northern white rhino in the world in captivity.
Mountaineers have returned to Mount Everest after a deadly season last year. In 2014, 16 Nepalis were killed in an avalanche after a piece of glacial ice fell, unleashing an avalanche. Nepal has issued 347 permits.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, 21, was found guilty on every count in the Boston Marathon bombing trial. Jurors hear about the impact of his bombs on survivors and the families of the dead. Tsarnaev saw the people he killed as "the enemy"
Bishop Robert Finn is the highest-ranking U.S. Catholic official convicted in the church's sex abuse scandal. He was found guilty in 2012 of failure to report suspected child abuse. The case revolved around his diocese's dealings with a priest who pleaded guilty to child pornography charges in 2012.
"Batman v. Superman: Dawn of Justice" fan trailer gets a makeover. YouTuber Bobby Burns makes his own version using classic superhero footage. The reaction has been great, he says.
"The Americans" is one of the best series on TV. "Fresh Off the Boat" is the first sitcom with an Asian-American cast since the 1990s. "Scorpion" continues.
The new "Fantastic Four" trailer promises a very different take on the classic Marvel characters. The new trailer for "Jurassic World" features even more of Chris Pratt's character.
The Academy of Country Music Awards celebrated its 50th anniversary on Sunday night. It was the biggest audience for a live TV awards show ever. Here's our breakdown of the 10 best and 5 worst.
Ringo Starr is the final Beatle to be inducted as a solo act. Paul Butterfield Blues Band, The 5 Royales, Bill Withers honored.
The author of a 2006 novel has accused Joss Whedon and Drew Goddard of stealing his idea. He's suing for copyright infringement and wants $10 million in damages. Whedon and Goddard are named as defendants.
According to EW, New Line Cinema is planning a Mariah Carey Christmas movie. Producer Jonathan Shestack confirmed that he is working on the yet-untitled project with director Brett Ratner.
Olivia Wilde and Garrett Hedlund will reprise their characters from 2010's "Tron: Legacy" The sequel is being directed by Joseph Kosinski. The project is now looking to shoot this fall in Vancouver.
The arrest and death of Freddie Gray in Baltimore has stoked protests and accusations of police brutality. It's unclear how Gray, arrested on a weapons charge, suffered a severe spinal cord injury that led to his death. Six police officers have been suspended pending investigation.
The Vatican says Pope Francis has taken into consideration the idea of making a stop in Cuba. He helped negotiate a diplomatic thaw between the U.S. and Cuba. The Pope will visit the United States in September.
The stunning sunsets were the result of raging wildfires in Siberia. The fires were started in southeastern Siberia by farmers burning grass in their fields. Winds carried smoke from the fires across the Pacific Ocean.
Sabra hummus was recalled last month due to the presence of Listeria monocytogenes. Dr. John Swartzberg, a clinical professor at the University of California at Berkeley, explains how to check.
John Sutter: April is National Get Tested Month, but should we outlaw testing? He says some might argue that this freedom to test is the path to a healthier society. He says the primary effect won't be more health, but rather more medical care. Sutter says testing the well doesn't work.
Cyclist Wang Pingan has been cycling around China for 460 days. His bike was stolen in Shenzhen, in southern Guandong province, days before he was due to complete the trip. Police have recovered the stolen bike.
Saudi Arabia executes second Indonesian maid in a week. Karni Bt. Medi Tarsim, 37, executed without warning. She was sentenced to death in March 2013 for killing her employer's four-year-old child. Indonesian officials received no prior warning of the execution.
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott was caught on camera drinking beer in seven seconds. His feat of swift consumption in a crowded bar impressed some people but annoyed others on social media.
Three British citizens arrested after plane spotting near Fujairah airport to be released Monday. No charges were filed, there will be no travel ban, lawyer says. Plane spotters view and photograph aircraft.
Boko Haram militants attack civilians in Cameroon for the first time in a month. Six attackers were killed by Cameroonian forces, a military spokesman says. Boko Haram has been waging a years-long campaign of terror.
Kenya's elite police commando unit waited hours for transport from Nairobi to Garissa, source says. Al-Shabaab terrorists killed 147 people at Garissa university on April 2. Kenyan officials have previously defended the response to the university attack.
The iPad was signed by the Pope's personal secretary. Proceeds will go to a school in Montevideo, Uruguay. Last year, the Pope donated a Harley-Davidson motorcycle to charity.
Polish Prince challenges Nigel Farage to a duel in London's Hyde Park over immigration policy. Prince Jan Zylinski says he is fed up with discrimination against Poles living in Britain. Farage says he does not intend to cross swords with the prince.
Italy boasts the highest number of UNESCO World Heritage sites in the world -- 50. Many of the sites are crumbling to the ground due to neglect and lack of public resources. Italy could generate a turnover of 214 billion euros a year, amounting to 15.3% GDP.
Copenings of Carlsberg City set to emerge on the historic grounds of the famous beer-maker in the heart of Danish capital. The area has been home to skateboarders, bikers, modern dancers and climbing forest.
The fire has burned nearly 2,000 acres and is 50% contained. High temperatures and gusty winds helped the fire spread, state forester says. One school, Lincoln Marti, was evacuated Monday night.
A small boat carrying about 50 migrants left from the area of Le Borgne, west of Cap-Haitien. It began to sail toward the island of Providenciales in the Turks and Caicos.
Chile photographer Andres Figueroa photographed a series of religious festivals in the Atacama Desert. The desert is one of the driest places on Earth. The festivals are rooted in the ancient folklore of the Andean.
"What Pet Should I Get?" debuts July 28. It's the first new, original Dr. Seuss book since "Oh, the Places You'll Go!" in 1990. The book was written between 1958.
The 2013 Boston Marathon will mark the anniversary of the deadly bombings and manhunt. Peter Bergen says the city has moved on from the tragedy. He says the trial of Dzhokhar Tsarnaev proved that the U.S. judicial system does work.
Former Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley is intensifying his criticism of Hillary Clinton. Clinton finds a lot to love, and some distance from President Obama's leadership style. A GOP ticket for the generations, and the 2016 presidential calendar.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was found guilty last week on all 30 charges related to the 2013 Boston Marathon bombings. The sentencing phase begins Tuesday and is expected to last four weeks. The parents of a victim of the bombings are urging the Justice Department.
AC/DC drummer pleads guilty to charges of threatening to kill and possession of drugs. Rudd, 60, previously denied all allegations. He was arrested in November last year after police found methamphetamine and cannabis at his home.
Frida Ghitis: The U.S.-Iranian relationship is not symmetrical. She says Iran has no problem reconciling its bad and contradictory behavior while we twist ourselves into knots over our tough choices. Ghitis says the administration is sending signals that cutting a deal on the nuclear issue takes precedence over priorities. Iran is expanding its influence, not contracting, she says.
Recent spikes in HIV and hepatitis C infections among injecting drug users in rural Indiana and Kentucky bring up topic of syringe exchange programs. Authors: Syringe exchange or syringe services programs not only save lives, but also save millions of dollars in HIV treatment costs. They say programs promote public health and safety by taking syringes.
Erika Langhart, 24, died from multiple pulmonary embolisms after taking birth control NuvaRing. A classmate of Erika's, Megan Henry, had blood clots in her lungs after taking the Nuva ring in August 2012.
A new species of glassfrog has been found in Costa Rica. It's called Hyalinobatrachium dianae, or Diane's bare-hearted glassfrog for short.
Rabbis Mendel Epstein, Jay Goldstein and Binyamin Stimler convicted of conspiracy to commit kidnapping. They were part of a ring accused of accepting tens of thousands of dollars to orchestrate the kidnappings of Jewish husbands.
Jurors resume deliberations in Aaron Hernandez's murder trial. The former NFL star is accused of killing semi-pro player Odin Lloyd in June 2013. Hernandez's lawyers say he had no conceivable reason to kill Lloyd. The prosecution portrayed him as calculating.
James Best dies of complications from pneumonia, friend says. He was 88. Best played sheriff Rosco P. Coltrane on "The Dukes of Hazzard" for seven seasons. His character became known for his distinctive "kew-kew"
Illinois State University associate men's basketball coach Torrey Ward and deputy athletic director Aaron Leetch died in plane crash. The plane was coming back from the NCAA Final Four championship game in Indianapolis. It was not immediately known who else was on the Cessna 414.
The town of Celoron, New York, is looking for a new sculptor to fix the "Scary Lucy" statue. Artist Dave Poulin apologizes for his "most unsettling sculpture" The town's mayor says the statue should be put in storage.
Kenya and Al-Shabaab have been at war since 2008. Al Qaeda bombing of U.S. Embassy in Nairobi in 1998 remains bloodiest attack on Kenyan soil. Kenya has retaliated with more mass killings.
Hundreds of inmates escaped from a prison in Aden last month. Yemen has been descending into chaos in the weeks since Shiite Houthi rebels removed Hadi from power. Most of the militants fled.
The petition was started by a student at Dokuz Eylul University in the western province of Izmir. "There are less and less Jedi left on the Earth," the petition says. The petition has almost 5,500 signatures.
Frances Bean Cobain is the daughter of Nirvana singer-guitarist Kurt Cobain. She is an executive producer of the new HBO documentary on his life, "Kurt Cobain: Montage of Heck" on HBO.
UNICEF says 16 tons of medical supplies meant to help 80,000 innocents have arrived in Sanaa. The U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees says about 900 refugees from Yemen have arrived. Many more are reportedly trying to make the trip by boat.
The CF-18 Hornets bombed near ISIS' de facto capital of Raqqa. Canadian forces are part of the U.S.-led coalition trying to stem the extremist group's advances in Iraq and Syria. .
Michael Slager's mother tells ABC her son loved being a police officer. His wife is eight months' pregnant and the city will continue paying for her medical insurance. Slager is charged with murder in the shooting death of Walter Scott, 50, during a traffic stop.
A quarter of a million Australian homes and businesses have no power after a "once in a decade" storm. About 4,500 people have been isolated by flood waters. The powerful storm has already claimed four lives.
A sexual harassment complaint has been filed against New Zealand Prime Minister John Key. A waitress complained about him repeatedly pulling her ponytail at an Auckland cafe. Key publicly apologized to the 26-year-old waitress after she complained in a blog post.
Sammy Griner, 8, is the Internet's most famous "Success Kid" His dad, Justin, needs a kidney transplant. A GoFundMe campaign has raised more than $75,000 so far.
Five young men arrested in Melbourne, Australia, in major counterterrorism operation. Three of the teens have since been released, but two remain in custody. Prime Minister Tony Abbott calls suspects the "Daesh death cult"
Former New England Patriot Aaron Hernandez is on trial in the death of Odin Lloyd. Hernandez has pleaded not guilty to murder and two weapons charges. Hernandez is accused of killing Lloyd, a semi-pro football player in 2012.
ESPN reporter Britt McHenry was suspended for a week for her offensive comments to a towing company worker. CNN's LZ Granderson says she teaches her daughters the importance of respecting other people. She says McHenry showed that she either forgot those "golden rule" lessons from childhood or hasn't.
Alfred Taubman was born January 31, 1924, in Michigan to German Jewish immigrants. He started working as an architect when he was 9 years old. He founded a real estate company in 1950. Forbes estimates his net worth at $3 billion.
"The Blob" is a huge area of unusually warm water in the Pacific. Some scientists say it could be playing a factor in the drought in California, Oregon and Washington. Some marine species.
Tristan da Cunha is a volcanic archipelago in the South Atlantic Ocean home to just under 270 people. The island is only accessible by sea 60-days-a-year through a small port in its only town, Edinburgh of the Seven Seas, Edinburgh.
Enooch Gaver, 21, was killed in the fight in the town of Cottonwood, Arizona. Police say pepper spray was deployed and that at least three shots were fired in an apparent struggle for an officer.
The mass killings of Armenians in the Ottoman Empire began 100 years ago Friday. Some say it was the first genocide of the 20th century, but the word "genocide" did not exist at the time. Some Armenians feel their nationhood cannot be fully recognized.
Larry Upright, 81, died Monday at a North Carolina hospital. In his obituary, his family asked that he not vote for Hillary Clinton. His daughter says he was passionate about politics and passed that on.
Clinton has long enjoyed a close relationship with the financial industry. Many on Wall Street and in the broader business community view her as a dependable, business-friendly force within a Democratic Party increasingly populist.
Lewis Hamilton takes pole position for Sunday's Chinese Grand Prix. Mercedes teammate Nico Rosberg will start on the front row. The two drivers have endured a heated rivalry since falling out last season. Sebastian Vettel will start third.
On April 17, 1975, Phnom Penh fell to the Khmer Rouge regime of the Communist Party of Kampuchea. About 20,000 people died from execution, starvation or exhaustion during this exodus at gunpoint. Cambodia's traumatized society is now reckoning with history.
In 2014 more than 80% of migrants headed for the Libyan coast as the easiest point of embarkation. Eritreans and Syrians made up half of the migrant traffic to Europe last year. Most West Africans make the journey for economic reasons; majority are single.
A 24-year-old man is in custody after he called for an ambulance, only to be found with weapons, ammunition and evidence of a church attack. The suspect is identified as Sid Ahmed Ghlam, a computer science student originally from Algeria, a prosecutor says.
Valerie Braham's husband, Philippe Braham, was one of 17 people killed in January's terror attacks in Paris. Braham says she will move her family from Paris to Israel when she is ready.
Mohammed Abu Khdeir's name appeared this week on the wall at Jerusalem's Mount Herzl. His family objected to his inclusion on the memorial wall. His father said no one asked for his permission to put his son's name.
Penelope Cruz will join the cast of "Zoolander 2" Ben Stiller says he's "excited" to welcome her to the cast. The film is scheduled.
"Operation Renewal of Hope" will focus on the political process. Saudi Arabia had launched airstrikes on Houthi positions across Yemen. Houthis agreed to "nearly all demands" of the U.N. Security Council, a senior Saudi official says.
Adam Gadahn, 36, was killed in January in a U.S. government counterterrorism operation, the White House says. Neither he nor Ahmed Farouq, an al Qaeda operative, was specifically targeted, it says. Gadahn was known as the American mouthpiece of al Qaeda, speaking on behalf of the terrorist organization.
Experts say North Korea appears to be investing more in cyberwarfare because it is cheaper than spending on conventional weapons. South Korea's Defense Ministry estimates that North Korea is operating a "cyberarmy" of 6,000 workers.
Julian Zelizer: It's only been a few weeks since the first presidential announcement but already it feels like the campaign is in high gear. He says some of the candidates are already starting to make mistakes. Some of the mistakes will simply be blips along the way, he says.
"It was just laying down just right like that, boom," Paul McGloin says. Police are investigating, but no other headstones were knocked over. Funeral director says vandalism is the most-likely cause, not the weather.
A gorilla at a Nebraska zoo leaped toward an exhibit window, cracking it. Video of the incident has been viewed more than 1 million times. A zookeeper calls it a "nonevent"
A group of Dzhokhar Tsarnaev's relatives arrived at Boston's Logan International Airport on Thursday. The prosecution rested Thursday afternoon after trying to convince jurors that Tsarnaev was cold-hearted. The defense is expected to try to soften that portrayal by calling witnesses to explain Tsarnaev's upbringing.
World's seventh-largest economy is heading toward collapse, says WWF report. Report: Seventy percent of the ocean's overall economic value relies on its continued health. WWF report identifies actions that would revive the ocean economy. Leaders must commit to conserving coastal and marine areas this year.
Frida Ghitis: Relations between Iran and Saudi Arabia have always been thorny, but rarely has state of affairs been as venomous as it is today. She says the Iranian-Saudi conflict by proxy has reached Yemen in a spiral that both sides portray as climatic. Both sides have good reasons to want to stop the Yemeni crisis.
Migrants traversing the Mediterranean today form part of a century-long chain of migrations, expulsions, and exiles sparked by Italy's imperial ambition. Libya is an example of the long reach of Italian imperialism. Libya was for a brief period an incorporated province of Italy, on the model.
The U.S. is failing its partners in the fight against terrorism, says Peter Bergen. He says the United States is failing to prioritize long-term investment in special operations units in key partner nations. Bergen: Congress needs to find out what programs are providing capabilities.
A cotton lobbyist group claims one cotton farmer commits suicide every eight hours in Western India's cotton production belt. India produced 40 million bales of the fiber in 2013/14, and is the second largest global cotton grower.
SkyWest Airlines flight makes emergency landing in Buffalo, New York, after passenger loses consciousness. Passenger received medical attention before being released, SkyWest spokeswoman says. The plane descended 28,000 feet in three minutes.
The New Orleans City Council passed a ban against smoking in January. Bar owners worried about potential revenue loss, while puffing customers bemoaned the loss of their smoking spots. Harrah's filed a lawsuit.
Indonesian government orders preparations for the execution of 10 inmates on death row. The 10 inmates had their petitions for clemency denied by President Joko Widodo in late 2014. The executions, which will be carried out by firing squad, were postponed.
Rebecca Francis posed for a photo while lying next to a dead giraffe five years ago. Comedian Ricky Gervais tweeted the photo with a question. The tweet has been retweeted almost 30,000 times.
Kelley, 50, was taken into custody at the Atlanta airport Wednesday after arriving on a flight from Costa Rica. His wife, Genevieve Kelley, turned herself in last year. Her trial is scheduled to start next month.
A North Pacific gray whale has completed the longest migration of a mammal ever recorded. The whale, named Varvara, swam nearly 14,000 miles (22,500 kilometers) The whale visited three major breeding areas for eastern gray whales.
Aaron Hernandez will be shipped to Massachusetts' flagship maximum-security prison. It's one of the most high-tech jails in the United States with no history of breakouts. Legal advocates for inmates describe Souza as sterile and violent at once. It opened in 1998.
Adrianne Haslet-Davis and her husband, Adam Davis, were standing near the finish line on the day of the Boston Marathon bombing. "We were so in love and happy together," she told a federal jury.
The women will be under police surveillance for a year and have their movements restricted. The five members of China's Women's Rights Action Group were detained in Beijing, Guangzhou and Hangzhou.
President Obama's Clean Power Plan is an energy policy plan, not a carbon reduction plan, says John Sutter. Sutter: EPA credits nuclear power in its models of current emissions and plan implementation. He says nuclear power is carbon-free, but EPA is biased against it.
More than one-third of U.S. adults are obese; 18% of children and adolescents are obese. Only 72,000 of the 195,000 young men and women who signed up to fight for our country qualified. Army recruiters have become fitness coaches, like the Biggest Loser.
Dr. Maizes is concerned that Girl Scout cookies deliver an unhealthy snack, but also a dangerous nutrition message. Thin Mints, the most popular cookie, contains refined white flour, sugar, partially hydrogenated oil, and high fructose corn syrup, he says.
LZ Granderson: ESPN's Britt McHenry is in the news after a video surfaced showing her berating and belittling an employee of a tow company. LZ: We're a society obsessed with putting celebrities on a pedestal -- celebrating them, compensating them. We're really no better than she is, he says.
In South Carolina, Walter Scott was the subject of a bench warrant for over $18,000 in unpaid child support. John Sutter: Failure to pay child support is not a crime, but it's a civil matter. He says the court's remedy is to issue a warrant to court, not an arrest warrant.
A Texas businesswoman says Hillary Clinton shouldn't be president because her hormones might make her irrational. Frida Ghitis: Hormones have impaired some male leaders' decision-making. She says the bias against women in the workplace is so well established that a female candidate will be hard-pressed to get elected unless we end gender bias.
U.S. policy in the Middle East remains mired in a contradiction between principles and action on the ground, writes Peter Bergen. Bergen: U.S.'s core interests in the region are not oil, are not territorial, and not territorial. Arab world is simply not ready to give Tehran the benefit of doubt.
Robert Bates, 73, shot and killed a man while playing cops and robbers with real police in Tulsa County, Oklahoma. Bob Greene: Bates was a reserve deputy sheriff, but he was too old to be policing the streets. Greene: Police departments should encourage more productive interactions between police and the public.
Julian Zelizer: Hillary Clinton's new campaign ad features 38 people, 20 of them women. He says it's fine that Clinton is a woman, but she doesn't have to wonder if a woman-centered campaign is the best strategy. Democrats who pandered to women crashed and burned.
Ruben Navarrette: Marco Rubio has been his own worst enemy on two signature issues: immigration reform and Cuba relations. He says Rubio has embraced a typical conservative approach to immigration and Cuba policy. Navarro: Unless he can offer new ideas, Rubio's climb to the Republican nomination will be steep.
"Everybody Loves Raymond" star Sawyer Sweeten committed suicide early Thursday. His sister Madylin Sweeten: "This morning a terrible family tragedy has occurred" He was weeks away from his 20th birthday.
The NFL launched an investigation into the New England Patriots in January. It's still not clear when the investigation will be completed and when the findings will be announced. The Patriots beat the Indianapolis Colts 45-7 in the AFC Championship game.
Police say there was no sign of forced entry to a building in the heart of London's jewelry district. Thieves used a drill to bore through a 6-foot-thick wall to gain access to the vault.
British police say they knew a burglar alarm went off but didn't respond to it. The Daily Mirror claims to have obtained closed-circuit TV footage of the heist. Police have not released any video of the robbery, police say.
Sofia Vergara is playing defense in a legal battle initiated by her ex-fiance. Nick Loeb is suing the Colombian-born actress to prevent her from destroying their embryos.
Five years after the 2010 spill, the long-term negative effects of the spill remain unclear. Scientists continue to study environmental impacts, but some species are bouncing back. Dolphins are dying at an accelerated rate along the Gulf Coast, and even more so in Louisiana.
Kenyan police arrest five suspects in connection with Thursday's attack at Garissa University College. 147 people were killed, including 142 students, three security officers and two university security personnel. Somali terror group Al-Shabaab claimed responsibility.
Some members of terrorist cell had direct contact with Osama bin Laden before his death, wiretaps show. Police say the group planned to carry out terrorist attacks in Afghanistan and Pakistan as well as in Italy and Italy.
A dress worn by Vivien Leigh in "Gone With the Wind" fetched $137,000 at an auction. It was the most sought after item among roughly 150 pieces of memorabilia on sale in the auction.
Nigeria's "ABUCAR 2" will compete in the European leg of the Shell Eco-marathon in May. Uganda's Makererere University has produced a two-seater electric car called "Kiira EV" powered by electricity.
Ashish Thakkar is the founder of the Mara Group, an investment fund focused on Africa. The Ugandan tycoon was the first African to sign up for the opportunity to travel to space with Richard Branson's Virgin Galactic. His vision spans beyond Africa, and Earth as well.
Joao Vaccari Neto is the treasurer of the ruling Workers' Party. He faces charges of corruption and money laundering. He is the closest political figure to President Dilma Rousseff implicated in investigation.
Julian Zelizer: Hillary Clinton's foreign policy experience should be an advantage during the campaign. He says she'll have to negotiate and traverse several tricky paths to ensure that her career remains an advantage. Zelizer says Clinton's tenure at the State Department should be a real advantage, particularly when compared with the absence of GOP rivals.
President Obama is headed to Panama for a regional summit. Hillary Clinton will soon make her presidential campaign official. A ripple effect from the Robert Menendez indictment could have a ripple effect on the GOP.
Chile's Calbuco volcano erupts twice in 24 hours. Authorities issue a red alert for the towns of Puerto Montt and Puerto Varas. Military and police forces are assisting with the evacuations of residents.
For Koreans, drinking is considered a way to get to know what someone is really like. Drinking is such a big part of Korean life that Seoul traffic is said to correspond with the city's drinking culture. Koreans always identify the "higher" person in the relationship.
As of Tuesday, there were 135 cases -- 129 confirmed, and six preliminary -- of HIV in Indiana. The increase has been linked to injection drug use. The emergency order was first issued in March for Scott County.
Writers: U.S. leads the world in incarceration, not education. They say we are losing the increasingly important race to educate our citizens. Writers: By imprisoning individuals, we also burden families, condemn generations to cycles of poverty and breed economic inequality. We must examine the way our criminal justice.
Jake Tapper is the next anchor of CNN's Sunday morning political interview program "State of the Union" Tapper will take over the program in June. He will remain Washington correspondent.
Airstrikes target rebel Houthi militant positions in three parts of Sanaa. Saudi Arabia announced the end of its air campaign against Houthi positions on Tuesday. Houthis released Yemeni Defense Minister Mahmoud al-Subaihi.
"I'm inside a plane and I feel like it's up moving in the air," the caller says. "There could be a person in there so we're going to come back around," the pilot says. The ramp agent has been permanently banned from planes.
U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry: "We strongly support the efforts of these activists" The five are members of China's Women's Rights Action Group. They were detained a few days ahead of events planned for International Women's Day.
Julian Zelizer: Hillary Clinton surprised the world this week with the unconventional way she launched her campaign. Zelizer says her video, new logo and road trip may have been more successful than critics think. He says Clinton's team may have begun to create an empathetic relationship with voters.
Julian Zelizer: U.S. has made clear it is ready to step up to the plate on climate change. He says Paris climate negotiations in December are the place to secure strong global agreement to curb heat-trapping emissions. A successful climate pact will send a signal that a shift to a low-carbon economy.
Ahmed Farouq was the deputy emir of al Qaeda in the Indian Subcontinent. He died in a U.S. counterterrorism airstrike in January. He was killed in a strike in Pakistan's Shawal Valley.
Kagoshima District Court finds no "irrationalities" in new safety standards set out by the government. The first of two reactors is scheduled to go back online in July. Japan's 48 nuclear reactors are offline in the wake of the Fukushima disaster in 2011.
Sissa Abu Dahou has dressed as a man for 43 years to earn a living in Egypt's conservative Muslim state. The 65-year-old was crowned one of Egypt's ideal mothers last month. Women make up just 24% of the workforce.
Jared Leto will play the Joker in 2016's "Suicide Squad" He will be the first actor to play the character on the big screen since the late Heath Ledger.
Julian Zelizer: President Obama has alienated progressive base of Democratic voters by criticizing Elizabeth Warren on trade policy. He says Hillary Clinton is trying to walk a fine line somewhere in the middle between populism and pragmatism. Zelizer says Clinton's staff is at pains to suggest that Clinton has always been a populist, not populist.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev is on trial for the Boston Marathon bombing that killed three and injured 260. Peter Bergen: The killing was "heinous, cruel and depraved," but so was Tsarnaev's lack of remorse. He says Tsarnaev may take the stand to beg for mercy, but only if he now feels or at least can fake remorse.
"The Dark Knight III: The Master Race" is the final chapter in Frank Miller's "Dark Knight Returns" trilogy. Miller will be joined by acclaimed artist Brian Azzarello.
Caitlyn Baggett, Morgan Bass, Emily Clark, Abbie Deloach and Catherine (McKay) Pittman were killed. Fellow nursing students Brittney McDaniel and Megan Richards were injured. Truck driver has not been charged.
Molly Schuyler scarfed down three 72-ounce steaks, three baked potatoes, three side salads, three rolls and three shrimp cocktails. She did it all in 20 minutes, setting a record in the process. Her feat will be submitted to Guinness World Records.
"It's been an incredibly emotional toll on all of us," jury foreperson tells CNN's Anderson Cooper. Jury foreperson: "You shot him once but you kept going and you shot him six times" "One shot for me is cruelty," one juror says of Hernandez.
U.S. official: U.S., Pakistan made no serious effort to negotiate for Warren Weinstein's release. Pakistani official: Pakistani soldiers went door-to-door looking for Weinstein, but nothing came of it. Rep. Duncan Hunter's office has shown strong interest in the fate of American hostages.
A third of Americans use some form of alternative medicine, including homeopathic remedies. Homeopathy is a medical philosophy that believes your body is the best weapon to fight disease. Critics say FDA is not doing enough.
America has the highest incarceration rate in the world, with 5% of the world's population and 25% of its prisoners. Nearly 2½ million Americans are in prison. Nearly 40% of our country's prisoners are African-Americans, who only make up 13% of general population. We must change the status quo.
John F. Kennedy's courageous leadership in space exploration holds lessons that can help guide us forward on climate change, authors say. They say the United States must lead the world on climateChange and seize opportunities for unity, growth and progress. Authors: Climate change is a chance for all of us to add a chapter to the story of American triumph.
SkyWest Airlines Flight 5622 made an emergency landing in Buffalo, New York. The plane descended 28,000 feet in three minutes. "There was no doubt in my mind that we weren't going to land," passenger Larry Johnson says.
Warren Weinstein's family paid money to his captors, a Pakistani source says. The money did not lead to the American aid worker's release. He was inadvertently killed in an anti-terror strike in January.
The cases have all occurred in Nigeria's Ondo state since April 13. Symptoms include headaches, blurred vision, loss of sight and unconsciousness. Some suspect it may be the result of locally brewed alcohol, officials say.
Slovenian archaeologist Ivan Šprajc has discovered more than 80 ancient Mayan cities in the jungles of Mexico. Since 1996, he and his team have discovered 80 Mayan sites in the Yucatan peninsula. The region has gone unexplored because it's so inaccessible.
North Korean representatives confirm Kim Jong Un will visit Moscow for May 9 celebrations. Kim will meet with Russian President Vladimir Putin as part of the visit. Victory Day marks 70th anniversary of World War II.
Australia's participation in the first world war was contested from the outset. Less than 40% of eligible men signed up to fight "for King and Country" As the carnage at Gallipoli brought home the realities of war, recruitment fell and peace activism.
Giovanni Lo Porto was killed in a U.S. drone strike in Pakistan in 2012. He was abducted along with a fellow al Qaeda hostage in January 2012. Italian Prime Minister Matteo Renzi expresses his "deepest sorrow" for the death of "an Italian who dedicated his life"
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu must form a government in less than 42 days. Netanyahu's Likud Party snared 30 of the 120 seats in the Knesset, Israel's parliament.
Sandra Mackey predicted events that unfolded in the Middle East well before they happened. Her book on Iraq became required reading for many military leaders trying to understand the country. She was a frequent commentator on CNN during the Gulf War.
Earthquakes are a fact of life in Nepal, with tremors of magnitude 4 or 5 occurring several times each year. The last major earthquake to affect this part of the Himalayas was in the 1500s and left 1,400 dead.
The FBI is investigating a possible ISIS-inspired terrorist threat in the United States. The investigation originated from intercepted chatter and other intelligence information. No arrests have been made.
Sabeen Mahmud had become a Pakistani figurehead for humanism, love and tolerance. Two gunman shot her dead at point-blank range late Friday after she locked up The Second Floor cafe in Karachi.
Patrick Dempsey's character dies on "Grey's Anatomy" The character's death leaves his TV wife, Dr. Meredith Grey, as the show's mainstay. Dempsey still has contract.
Aaron Hernandez was convicted of first-degree murder in the 2013 slaying of Odin Lloyd. Ruben Navarrette: Hernandez walked into court with an air of bravado, didn't look ashamed or remorseful. He says the NFL and Patriots have nothing to be ashamed of in how they handled the case.
 Armenians say 1.5 million ethnic Armenians were systematically killed in the final years of the Ottoman Empire. Turkey denies that a genocide took place. Many Armenians living in Turkey still feel treated as second-class.
Fethiye Cetin was 9 when her grandmother told her her her real name was Heranus. Heranus and her family were among a stream of women and children being forcibly marched by Ottoman soldiers. Many feared a repeat of the horrors they witnessed.
More than one million Armenians were killed during the last days of the Ottoman Empire in 1915. Armenians have long been ignored in the news, but Kim Kardashian's visit to Armenia brought attention to the issue. The community is still trying to get the world to acknowledge the killings.
Mayfair, Kensington and Chelsea have long been the stomping ground of the elite -- and are now welcoming a new wave of African investors. Nigerians are splashing out the most cash when it comes to bricks and mortar in the British capital.
Jenner's family owned the moment, being the reality TV mavens they are. Jenner's ex-wife Kris Jenner was equally supportive. The entertainment industry was quick to embrace the news.
Oskar Gröning, 93, is accused of complicity in the murder of 300,000 Jews during his service at Auschwitz. He has insisted in his innocence as a matter of law, arguing he was no more than a "cog in the gears" At Auschwitz, he was responsible for inspecting the luggage of deportees to the camp for banknotes.
In the West, ISIS is widely known for its terrorist actions. But for some communities, the group is the local governing authority. The use of marijuana has long been a source of controversy, but on movies and TV shows.
This page includes the show Transcript. Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary. At the bottom of the page, comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News.  You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student news Roll Call Roll Call.
Protesters rally at Baltimore City Hall on Thursday, and another march is planned for Saturday. Police say Freddie Gray died from a severe spinal cord injury while in police custody. The police union says it's 100% behind the officers involved in arrest.
A 14-year-old boy was taken into custody after encouraging an attack on an Australian parade honoring the war dead. He was charged with two counts of inciting another person to commit an act of terrorism overseas, police say.
Nepalese has made remarkable progress on maternal and child health in the last few years, says Save the Children chief. "I hope that we can all play a role in making sure that the gains that have been made in this country will not have been in vain"
The first set of female quintuplets in the world since 1969 was born in Houston on April 8. Danielle Busby delivered all five girls at the Woman's Hospital of Texas via C-section at 28 weeks and two days.
92 percent of Americans say it is important to get an annual head-to-toe physical exam. 62 percent of those polled said they went to the doctor every year for their exam. But there's little evidence that those visits do any good for healthy adults.
Tobacco companies including Philip Morris and R.J. Reynolds file suit against Food and Drug Administration. Suit says FDA guidelines violate free speech rights. FDA spokesman says the administration does not comment.
YouTube is celebrating 10 years since the first 19-second video was uploaded on April 23, 2005. The file sharing website is striving to improve the quality of its content by investing in "YouTube Spaces"
Research suggests that in trying to conjure up inspiration, most of us end up suppressing it. Neuroscientists John Kounios and Mark Beeman's book explains how to clear out mental junk for inspiration.
Many beauty trends these days involve a member of the Kardashian clan. The latest: Lip plumping by sucking on a jar to look like Kylie Jenner. The "belfie" selfie involves posting a butt selfie.
Richard Corliss died a week after suffering a major stroke. His all-TIME top 100 movies list included everything from "Finding Nemo" to "Drunken Master II" He coined the phrase "drop-dead gorgeous"
"Avengers: Age of Ultron" co-stars Chris Evans and Jeremy Renner apologize for comments they made. Renner called Black Widow a "slut" and Evans called her a whore.
Geoffrey Lewis, the father of Oscar-nominated actress Juliette Lewis, dies at 79. Lewis began his long association with Clint Eastwood in "High Plains Drifter" He was a prolific character actor.
Netflix's "Daredevil" will return for a second season in 2016. The show focuses on attorney Matt Murdock, who was blinded as a child.
Oscar-winning rapper-turned-actor Common has closed a deal to join the cast of "Suicide Squad" Details for Common's role have not been revealed, Warners say.
Fox is developing a two-hour remake of "The Rocky Horror Picture Show" Kenneth Ortega will direct, executive-produced and choreographed. The special will be filmed in advance and not air.
Alice Barker was a dancer in such New York nightspots as the Cotton Club and the Cafe Zanzibar. She was part of chorus lines that entertained Bill "Bojangles" Robinson.
"Sopranos" creator David Chase went through the famous final scene for DGA Quarterly. Chase's details are a master class on how to build tension in a seemingly nondescript situation. There are nods to other films.
Robert Bates is charged with second-degree manslaughter in the April 2 shooting of Eric Harris. Bates' attorney says his client had proper training. A 2009 internal inquiry by the Tulsa County Sheriff's Office found training policies were violated. Bates has pleaded not guilty.
"It was turning into the wild, wild, West," Albany County Sheriff Craig Apple says. "Snipers" from the animals' farm gun down the buffalo from the side of the road. Twenty-two buffalo escaped on Thursday.
Benjamin McNamee, 25, Aaron Golson, 22, and Darryl Cearnel, 28, will be sentenced June 26. Robert Champion, 26, died in November 2011 after a band hazing ritual.
The pilot was stopped during security checks as the flight prepared to depart on Saturday night. He was taken into custody at a local police station where he was later bailed and ordered to return in May pending an investigation.
A massive 7.8 magnitude earthquake struck Nepal on Saturday, killing hundreds and injuring hundreds. Aftershocks continue to rock the country, with many people still too scared to go back inside buildings. Witness: "My family is traumatised. Everyone is very scared"
Budae-jjigae dates back to the scarce years of the Korean War when local cooks had to get inventive with U.S. Army rations. This particular version just happens to feature a variety of canned, precooked meat.
TSA report says full employee screening would not lower overall risk to the public. Only two major airports in the U.S. require employees to be screened through metal detectors. TSA Secretary Jeh Johnson announced immediate actions, including criminal background checks.
Americans on the U.S. no-fly list will now be privy to information about why they have been banned from commercial flights. They'll be given the opportunity to dispute their status. The new policy comes in response to a lawsuit.
Betty Whitehead Willis, the designer of the iconic "Welcome to Fabulous Las Vegas" sign, died over the weekend. She was 91. Willis never trademarked her work.
After a large amount of rain, four rainbows appeared to stretch across the sky in New York. In rural China, exotic dancers are the latest focus of a crackdown on vice.
Anthony Doerr's "All the Light We Cannot See" wins Pulitzer Prize for fiction. Elizabeth Kolbert's "The Sixth Extinction: An Unnatural History" wins for general nonfiction.
A mom was offended that a fabric she bought didn't include two female characters from the "Big Hero 6" movie. Springs Creative, the company that makes the fabric, responded that boys don't want girl characters on their things. The company said it would be talking with Disney immediately.
This is week three of an ongoing series: A Catholic Reads the Bible. This week's topic is Lot, the central character in the story of Sodom and Gomorrah's demise in Genesis. Read week one and week two.
Mark Goodacre is a professor of New Testament and Christian origins in the Department of Religious Studies at Duke University. Viewers were invited to tweet and post their questions on the "Finding Jesus" Facebook page during the season finale. Goodacre answers some of the questions.
Joel Burger and Ashley King met in kindergarten and grew up together in New Berlin, Illinois. Burger, now 24, and King, 23, met in high school and dated in college.
Vijay Chokal-Ingam says he posed as a black man to get into medical school in 1998. He says the experience opened his eyes to the hypocrisy of affirmative action. But there's little evidence to suggest his posturing as a "black" applicant helped him get into these schools.
A New Jersey police dash cam shows the rescue of a woman pinned inside an overturned convertible. The driver was unconscious and pinned in the car. Officers cut the seat belt from her and dragged her limp body away from the wreckage.
This week is the 100th anniversary of what many historians acknowledge as the Armenian genocide. President Barack Obama has broken his promise to use the word "genocide" to describe the atrocity.
CNN's John Sutter will spend the rest of the year reporting on the topic of climate change. He's calling it "2 degrees," and he needs your help to make it work. Vote on the first story I'll report for the series using the Facebook poll below. The poll closes Monday, April 27, at 5pm ET.
LZ Granderson: Ohio has gone from 89 cents in rainy day fund and $8 billion shortfall to one of nation's strongest state budgets. He says Ohio's turnaround and success are worth being excited about and sharing. Granderson says America needs a leader who believes in a common set of fundamental values to bring about change.
Ruben Navarrette: It's hard -- almost impossible -- to soft-launch a campaign with a superstar politician. He says Hillary Clinton is trying to escape the inescapable reality -- that even her "Scooby-Doo" van is followed by throngs of press.
A new CNN/ORC poll finds 57% feel businesses should be required to serve gay or lesbian couples. 41% say they should be allowed to refuse service for religious reasons. That's a shift from a Pew Research Center poll conducted last fall.
Nine of ten mostly foreign prisoners on death row in Indonesia have been given 72 hours notice ahead of execution. Lawyers for Philippines maid Mary Jane Veloso say her execution will take place on Tuesday, April 28. Human Rights Watch calls on Indonesia's government to reverse their decision.
Christine Baranski and Laurie Metcalf are back on "The Big Bang Theory" "Saturday Night Live" will be hosted by Scarlett Johannsson. Allison Janney continues to deliver Emmy-worthy performances in "Mom"
Dr. Kristen Lindsey allegedly shot an arrow into the back of an orange tabby's head. She posted a proud photo on Facebook of herself smiling, as she dangled its limp body by the arrow's shaft. The clinic fired Lindsey, covered her name on its marquee with duct tape.
Severe storm capsizes sailboats during sailing regatta in Mobile Bay, Alabama. One person may have died, emergency official says. More than 100 sailboats took part in the Dauphin Island Race.
NEW: Aftershocks continue to send snow and rocks thundering down the mountainside. NEW: "We're going to get these guys down the hill," an American mountaineer says. At least 17 people have been killed, dozens injured and many others missing, an official says.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will fight on May 2 in Las Vegas. Tickets for the highly-anticipated bout will go on sale after an agreement on allocation is reached. Kenny Bayless has been named as the referee of the fight. The Nevada State Athletic Commission confirmed three American judges have been appointed.
St. Louis police have charged Ronald Williams, 21, with assault. A 15-year-old has also been arrested. There had been speculation that the suspects might be charged with a hate crime.
Residents of Kathmandu, Nepal, are desperate for food and water. There's no power to speak of, no drinking water or fuel in the city. Temporary shelters have been put up, but very few -- 16 -- by the government.
Jon "Bones" Jones is the reigning UFC light heavyweight champion. He is wanted for "his possible involvement in a hit-and-run accident," police say. A pregnant woman suffered minor injuries in the crash.
In rural China, hiring exotic dancers to perform at wakes is an increasingly common practice. It is now the latest focus of the country's crackdown on vice. China's Ministry of Culture issued a statement Thursday announcing a crackdown on these funeral stripteases.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev's defense team begins what could be a two-week campaign to avoid the death penalty. "There is no point of trying to hurt him as he hurt because it can't be done," attorney says.
For 25 years, Ali Addeh refugee camp has been a holding point for those fleeing into Djibouti. For the camp's 10,000 residents, who mostly come from these countries, this is supposed to be just the first stop on their journey to resettlement through the UN.
NEW: "There are no words to do justice to the disappointment and heartbreak we are going through," his wife says. NEW: "We were so hopeful that those in the U.S. and Pakistani governments would have done everything possible to secure his release," she says. Weinstein was abducted in 2011 from his home in Lahore, Pakistan.
From Friday to Monday, a total of 8,480 migrants were rescued. Save the Children fears 400 migrants could be missing. At least 480 migrants have died while crossing the Mediterranean since the beginning of the year.
Less than 48 hours ago, Kathmandu was hit by the worst earthquake this country has experienced in 80 years. The death toll has climbed past 3,000 and climbs, inexorably. Many rural areas, just as badly affected but isolated and vulnerable, have yet to be evaluated.
On July 20, 2012, a gunman opened fire at a movie theater in Aurora, Colorado. Twelve people were killed and 70 were injured. James Holmes is on trial for 165 counts, including murder and attempted murder. CNN spoke with several people whose lives were changed because of the shooting.
No one was injured in the shooting, and no arrests have been made. Lil Wayne was in Atlanta for a performance at Compound nightclub Saturday night. Police are still looking for suspects.
India began planning a massive cross-border aid mission within hours of the first quake. India delivered 187 tons of supplies, including 50 tons of water, 22 tons of food and 2 tons of medicine on Sunday.
NEW: A senior living facility under construction by a Baptist church burned to the ground. Police commissioner: "I wish I had more parents that took charge of their kids out there tonight" Police Commissioner Anthony Batts later thanked her for her efforts to keep children away from rioting.
Video shows mom smacking her son in the head repeatedly, screaming, "Get the f--- over here!" Police Commissioner Anthony Batts: "I wish I had more parents that took charge of their kids out there"
Texas A&M Galveston professor says he will fail his strategic management class. Irwin Horwitz says students spread hurtful rumors about him, his wife and colleagues. University officials say the department head will take over teaching the strategic Management class.
Arthur Baldwin, 29, was arrested at a woman's residence in Southeast Washington. He has been placed on administrative leave and his security clearance has been suspended. Baldwin is assigned to the Foreign Missions Branch, a Secret Service spokesman says.
NEW: Death toll climbs above 4,600 in Nepal, officials say. Death toll rises to 4,620, official says. Another natural disaster strikes popular trekking area north of Kathmandu. More than a dozen funeral pyres burned Monday.
Ravi Opi is only 30 kilometers (20 miles) east of Kathmandu, but the journey takes almost two hours. Maili Tamang, 62, is alive, but surveys the desolation the quake has wreaked on her life. There is little sign of aid.
Nigerian troops rescue 200 girls and 93 women from Boko Haram camps. None of the girls have been identified thus far as among the missing Chibok girls. Boko Haram has been kidnapping females for years.
The Nepali Pranksters were in the middle of shooting an episode for their hidden camera series. The team kept the camera rolling as they moved through the crowded streets. They captured scenes of heroism and chaos in Nepal.
South Korea's Prime Minister Lee Wan-koo offered to resign amid a growing political scandal. Lee will stay in his official role until South Korean President Park Geun-hye accepts his resignation.
Robert Downey Jr. walked out of an interview with a British journalist who asked personal questions about his past. Peter Downey: Journalists often go too far, even if it's their job. Downey may not have been "in the mood" to be questioned, but his business is our business, too.
Sonit Awal, four months old, was buried when his home collapsed. His father called the Nepalese Army, who searched for him for 22 hours. Sonit was rescued on Sunday morning and is uninjured.
Sen. Bernie Sanders could make an announcement within days, CNN's Nia-Malika Henderson reports. Ohio Gov. John Kasich says he's not in a rush to declare a formal declaration of candidacy.
The 10 were arrested in Swat, a district of Pakistan's Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province. Malala Yousafzai was shot as she was traveling home on a school bus.
The mission is the third operation of its kind to reach the village of Melamchi since Saturday's quake. It is stuffed to capacity with tents, medicines and packages of tinned tuna, instant noodles and rice. More than 5,000 people have been killed in the quake.
Thousands remain missing in Nepal after a devastating earthquake struck the region on Saturday. Technology has played a huge role in helping families share their worries, ask for help. Raisaa Tashnova, 25, was with a group of friends at a resort near the border with China.
The executions of Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran will result in short to medium term frictions between Canberra and Jakarta. The two countries have a number of common interests that neither side can abandon. But the Australian public's view of Indonesia, and anger with its government, will take longer.
Many Australians are appalled by the brutal and pointless executions of Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran. The death penalty looks anachronistic and ineffective at the best of times, but to kill two people who had clearly made the most of their long periods of incarceration looks gratuitous.
NEW: Baltimore's mayor says she doesn't want to "seek justice for optics" The Baltimore Sun reports the mayor requested the Justice Department take a look at the police department. No reports on Freddie Gray's death will be made public, police commissioner says. No charges have been filed yet.
German police arrested a man and a woman on suspicion of planning a Boston-style attack. The suspected target was a bike race planned for Friday, a terrorism researcher says. The couple had ties to radical Islamist circles in the Frankfurt area, he says.
A 15-year-old boy is pulled from the rubble of a building in Kathmandu. U.S. special operations forces team rescues 30 people, including three Americans, by helicopter from Bamboo Village, Nepal.
Marilyn Mosby, 35, is Baltimore City State's Attorney. She is the youngest chief prosecutor of any major city in the United States. Mosby is married to Baltimore City Councilman Nick Mosby. Freddie Gray's mysterious death has turned Baltimore into a tinderbox.
Kim Bok-dong spent five years as a sex slave of the Japanese army during World War Two. She says she was locked in a room and forced to do things no teenage girl should ever have to do. Critics say Japan's government is trying to whitewash the past, to appease conservatives who feel comfort women.
A dozen Native American actors walked off the set of "The Ridiculous Six" near Las Vegas, New Mexico. They say the script is insulting to Native Americans and women. The movie is a Western spoof on "The Magnificent Seven"
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe is scheduled to speak Wednesday to a joint meeting of Congress. Julian Zelizer: It's the first time in history that the head of the Japanese government will address the entire U.S. Congress. Zelizer says the speech is an invitation long overdue for Abe.
A group of fighters in Afghanistan agreed to be filmed parading their ISIS flags in a valley not far to the south of Kabul. They are the first images of their kind shot by western media inside Afghanistan. The rise of ISIS is an issue that the Afghan President has termed.
Gabriel Salvador is an actor who has appeared in "Bones" and "Blue Bloods" He helped set up a meeting between Les Moonves and Freddie Roach, Manny Pacquiao's trainer. Roach says Salvador doesn't deserve a finder's fee for his help.
"I'm not comfortable with it," Fulton County Superior Court Judge Jerry Baxter says of earlier sentences. Tamara Cotman, Sharon Davis-Williams and Michael Pitts ordered to serve 7 years on probation.
Olivia Munn will play the telepathic Psylocke in "X-Men: Apocalypse" She will join a cast that includes James McAvoy, Michael Fassbender and Jennifer Lawrence.
The change is part of an effort to ensure "accountability, professionalism and transparency" The new color will be worn by majors, district commanders, deputy chiefs, assistant chiefs and the chief of police. The change begins Friday.
A wave of anti-immigrant violence has swept South Africa in recent days, leaving several dead. CNN spoke to several immigrants living and working in South Africa about the crisis. The violence has caused thousands of immigrants to seek refuge.
Iran is a difficult place to be gay or lesbian. Homosexuality is illegal in Iran. Refugees from Iran are living in limbo in Denizli, Turkey. Photographer Laurence Rasti hopes her photos spark dialogue about identity issues.
Hawkeye, played by Jeremy Renner, was a guest on "The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon" He got behind the piano to showcase some of his other skills. Watch the clip below.
Former rap mogul Marion "Suge" Knight pleads not guilty to murder, other charges. He is accused of running over two men during an argument in January. He faces up to life in prison if convicted.
The nominations for the 69th Annual Tony Awards were announced Tuesday morning. Bruce Willis is set to make his Broadway debut in the upcoming play "Misery" The awards are set to be handed out June 7 on CBS.
Jared Leto plays the Joker in the upcoming "Suicide Squad" movie. Twitter users got their first look at Leto in character Friday night on Twitter.
Jay Z used the hashtag #TidalFacts to defend his new music streaming service, Tidal. He launched the service last month with a star-studded news conference.
Universal announced Thursday that the sequel to the box office blockbuster will hit theaters on Feb. 10, 2017. The third film in the series will debut Feb. 9, 2018. Sam Taylor-Johnson will direct.
Sandra Bullock is People magazine's most beautiful woman of 2015. She joins a long line of actresses to receive the honor. The Oscar-winning actress says she's happy with who she is.
Stephen Hawking has teamed with Monty Python to recreate "Galaxy Song" The song is from their 1983 film "The Meaning of Life" The collabo is in honor of Record Store Day.
Dzhokhar "Jahar" Tsarnaev's defense team is seeking to spare him from a death sentence for his part in the Boston Marathon bombings. He was convicted April 8 on all 30 counts, including 17 that carry a possible death penalty. The sentencing phase of the federal case will resume Monday.
Diana, Princess of Wales, was a rare breed when I was a youngster, says author. She was stunningly beautiful, immediately accessible, witty, charming and endearingly mischievous. Today Diana's name is as divisive as the very institution of monarchy itself: while some have virtually sainted her.
The birth of any baby is cause for celebration regardless of gender, race, religion or indeed status. The British monarchy needs a baby girl to fill the female void of future generations. Prince Charles has made no secret of his desire to slim down the monarchy, but in looking at his family's bloodline it stands to be male.
The Basij is a militia made up of fighters loyal to Iran's religious leaders. The Basij has not been caught up in the fight against ISIS. But Iran's elite Revolutionary Guard's Quds Force is already training, advising and supporting Iraqi Shia militias in their fight.
Linda Thompson had two sons with Bruce Jenner during their five-year marriage. She says she would not have married Jenner if she had known about his "gender issue" Thompson: "He can finally realize his need to be who he is"
Julian Zelizer: Sen. Bernie Sanders is a long shot to win election to the highest office in the nation. He says the Vermont senator is an authentic voice who speaks without fear. Zelizer says he was never prouder of Bernie than during the run-up to the invasion of Iraq, when he opposed the war.
The Miami riots of 1980 were the first major "race riots" since the wave of riots in the 1960s. The Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. was assassinated, and Baltimore and 125 other cities erupted in flames. Wednesday marks the 23rd anniversary of the start of the Los Angeles riots in 1992.
Julian Zelizer: With Congress gridlocked, it's time for liberals to look local. He says states and local governments are taking the lead on issues such as minimum wage, housing, education. Zelizer says liberals need to abandon bias that national programs are the only way to go in America.
Many houses -- old and new -- torn apart in Kathmandu, Nepal. Survivors gathered wherever they could find open space -- fields, private compounds, empty roadside lots. People gathered mostly in the middle of crossroads, on traffic islands and around metal pulpits.
Photographer Fabien Le Coq's photo series "Treesome" was shot between 2012 and 2014. The series reflects his travels through his native France and countries in Central America and Asia. Each tree has its own personality.
Donna Joan Borup is an alleged member of the May 19th Communist Organization. Cheri Laverne Dalton is wanted for her alleged involvement in the 1981 Brinks Armored Car robbery. Leo Frederick Burt bombed a building at the University of Wisconsin.
Mui Thomas was born with Harlequin ichthyosis, which causes her skin to be extremely thick, dry and flaky. The 22-year-old is now embarking on a career as a public speaker. She will graduate from school assemblies on Saturday.
Hundreds of decomposed corpses were discovered buried in shallow graves in the streets of Damasak. The town had recently been freed from the Boko Haram terror group in a joint Nigerian-Chadian operation.
April 27 is celebrated as Freedom Day in South Africa. The day marks the start of a free South Africa after the fall of apartheid. Many took to Twitter to celebrate the event.
Libyan army head Gen. Khalifa Haftar says Libyan authorities were not consulted. He says military action against Libyan territory would be "an unwise decision" Libya is open to other kinds of cooperation on the issue of migration, he says.
Prosecutor Javier de Luca dismisses allegations that President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner tried to cover up Iran's involvement in a 1994 bombing. The original prosecutor was found dead.
Ciudad Juarez, Mexico, was once known as the murder capital of the world. At the height of cartel violence, the city averaged 8.5 killings per day. Officials say the city is much safer now, and plans are underway to lure tourists back.
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe missed a great opportunity to dispel worries and tensions over his revisionist views on history. Abe has been evasive and ambiguous about embracing responsibility for Japan's wartime actions in Asia. This "Abenesia" is harmful to Japan's international image, riles China and South Korea and undermines security.
NEW: Progress resupply vehicle will re-enter Earth's atmosphere in about a week, Russian space agency says. NEW: Progress vehicle does not present any danger to the International Space Station, Roscosmos says. Russia lost contact with ISS Progress 59 on Tuesday.
Huge military exercises are underway off and around Britain's coast, but NATO insists they are not a deliberate response to Russia. The British-led war games are code named Joint Warrior and involve 13,000 personnel from 14 countries.
Airstrikes were carried out in the occupied Golan Heights. The Golan is regarded internationally as occupied territory. Israel seized the territory from Syria in 1967.
Jean Nidetch died Wednesday at her home in Florida. She was 91. Nidetch started Weight Watchers in 1961 as a group of friends meeting in her Queens, New York, home. She lost 72 pounds.
5-year-old Doberman pincher eats watch heads, leather straps, screws and metal pieces. Owner: "It just looked like a Christmas tree and I almost threw up" Dobermans are known to get anxious about food.
Mary Doyle Keefe was the model for Norman Rockwell's "Rosie the Riveter" She was a 19-year-old telephone operator. She died at her home in Simsbury, Connecticut.
Anamarie Shreeves, 26, lives a zero-waste life in Atlanta. She composts, makes her own shampoo, toothpaste and even uses reusable feminine products. The key to making it all work is preparation.
Cheryl's birthday challenge went viral after Singapore TV host Kenneth Kong posted it to Facebook. It was meant to test the better high-school students competing in the Singapore and Asian Schools Math Olympiad.
Kate Parker's series, "Strong is the New Pretty," documents her daughters' lives. She wanted to capture them as they were -- freckled, muddy, screaming, laughing, jumping in the pool, laughing.
Supreme Court to hear oral arguments Tuesday in Obergefell v. Hodges case. Case could decide whether gay and lesbian couples nationwide have the constitutional right to marry. Chief Justice John Roberts has a solid conservative record.
Geophysicists have long monitored how fast the Earth's plates are moving. India is being driven slowly but surely underneath Nepal and Tibet at a speed of around 1.8 inches per year. Over millions of years, the squeezing has crushed the Himalayas like a concertina, raising mountains to heights of several miles.
Ben Powers played Keith Anderson on the final season of "Good Times" He also had a regular role as "Moochie" on the CBS detective drama show, Mickey Spillane's Mike Hammer.
Coloring books are becoming more popular with stressed-out, work-addled adults. "The Mindfulness Colouring Book: Anti-stress Art Therapy for Busy People" by Emma Farrarons is now at No. 8.
Heavy drinking among Americans rose 17.2 percent between 2005 and 2012, study finds. Women's binge drinking rates rose by nearly 36 percent in Santa Clara County, Calif., between 2002 and 2012. The study is the first to track adult drinking patterns at county level.
Cassandra C. was diagnosed with Hodgkin's lymphoma in September. Doctors gave her an 85% chance of survival if treated but said she would die within two years. She ran away after two days of treatment.
Jordan Spieth demonstrated optimal movement in two key areas that enhance swing power and fluid control. Golfers have mobility limitations in their mid back or hips, they compensate with their low back and knees. Try these three yoga-based moves to improve.
Roseanne Barr said she suffers from macular degeneration and glaucoma. The actress said smoking marijuana is "good medicine" for relieving the pressure.
 acetaminophen is the main ingredient in Tylenol, most forms of Midol and more than 600 other medicines. The drug reduces not only pain but pleasure, as well. Each week, 52 million people use it.
Roseanne Barr has macular degeneration and glaucoma. There is no cure for either disease. Certain people are genetically predisposed to these diseases, so Barr may simply be prone to both.
Hawaii is poised to become the first state in the nation to prohibit the sale of cigarettes to anybody under age 21. The state's legislature on Friday passed a bill raising the minimum legal age. The bill will now go before Gov. David Ige.
As of Friday, 142 people have tested positive for HIV in Scott and Jackson counties, Indiana. The outbreak has been ongoing since mid-December. The state has tried to flood the area with additional resources and educate the population.
16 states have seen cases of bird flu in commercial poultry, backyard chickens, wild and captive wild birds. The CDC considers the likelihood of bird to human transmission of the virus "low" according to the CDC.
Many of Nepal's most renowned pagodas in and around Kathmandu crumbled into rubble-covered stumps. The worst architectural losses have included the Shiva temple pagoda and its twin. Other famous places of Hindu and Buddhist worship suffered surprisingly little damage.
Susie Clark prayed for diamonds at Crater of Diamonds State Park in Murfreesboro, Arkansas. She found a 3.69-carat white, teardrop-shaped diamond in the plowed field on April 23.
LZ Granderson: Some blame President Obama for racial tension in U.S. Granderson says it's easier to retweet a Dr. King meme than try to solve the problem. He says some are partially blaming the 2013 movie "The Purge" for the uprising in Baltimore as if it happened on a different planet.
North Korean leader's trip to Moscow to mark 70th anniversary of end of World War II has been canceled. Frida Ghitis: Kim may not be feeling completely secure in his position, and nervous dictators prefer to stay home. She says North Korea has been mostly out of the news in recent months.
Photographer Ken Hermann visited Malik Ghat, a wholesale flower market in Kolkata, India, for his project "Flower Man" Hermann spent about 10 days at the market, and did not allow any challenges to hinder the project.
Lewis Hamilton wins Chinese Grand Prix in Shanghai. Reigning world champion claims 35th grand prix win of his career. Nico Rosberg claims he ruined his race by driving slowly. Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel finishes third with Kimi Raikkonen fourth.
Irwin Horwitz, a professor at Texas A&M University Galveston, threatened to fail his entire class. His email to his students went viral. Horwitz says he stands by his tough stance, but he's afraid the notoriety will cost him his job.
A growing number of Japanese businesses are testing out robots as a possible solution to the country's shrinking workforce. They're appearing in stores, banks and soon even hotels. Japan has an aging population that has prompted serious talks.
A longtime friend of Joni Mitchell has filed a legal petition seeking to be named conservator. Leslie Morris is Mitchell's friend of more than 44 years. Mitchell was taken to UCLA Medical Center a month ago.
Richard Dysart died of cancer at his home in Santa Monica, California, his wife says. He gained fame playing law firm leader Leland McKenzie on "L.A. Law" Dysart appeared in every episode from 1986.
The eight-part, one-hour series is set to premiere July 26. Jenner is already being hailed for bringing attention to the transgender community. Jenner has six children.
The term "purge" appears to be a reference to 2013's "The Purge" and its sequel. The movies are set in a dystopian future America where all laws are suspended for a 12-hour period each year.
Nepalese and international medical teams are treating the injured in Gorkha, a district northwest of Kathmandu. Many of the damaged villages are not accessible by roads. To fly to most remote places from Gorkha takes about 30 minutes, five days on foot. Helicopters bring back the injured.
Frida Ghitis: President Obama's policies have made the world a better place for radical Islam. Ghitis says Arab Spring-era policies left Libya, Yemen a failed state and Yemen a failing state. She says the body count will continue to grow in the places where these groups thrive.
Mother-of-four Tanka Maya Sitoula spent 36 hours trapped in a room on the ground floor of a collapsed building. She escaped without injury, apparently protected by a beam. Her husband Mahendra says he called out for help for hours.
Freddie Gray was arrested by Baltimore police on the morning of April 12 without incident. Less than an hour after he was detained, officers transporting him called for a medic. He subsequently slipped into a coma and died.
Frida Ghitis: Corinthian's closure of 28 campuses is a positive development in fight to hold for-profit colleges accountable. She says Corinthian is one of the worst of the "predator colleges" that offer dubious degrees, saddle students with debt. Ghitis says we can't afford to continue funding for-profits colleges with $1 trillion.
Cecily Strong of "Saturday Night Live" hosted the White House Correspondents' Association dinner. John Sutter: It's hard not to think of the event as a wonderfully American exercise in tolerance and good humor. President Barack Obama came out strong as usual.
Peter Schweizer's new book, "Clinton Cash," is coming out May 5. Julian Zelizer says the book will raise questions about conflicts of interest involving big foreign donors to Clinton charities. He says the Clintons' charities have been an administrative and financial quagmire from their origins, running deficits and expanding.
A CNN analysis of passenger property loss claims filed with the TSA from 2010 to 2014 shows 30,621 claims of missing valuables. John F. Kennedy International Airport in New York tops list.
The visit was highly anticipated because it would have marked Kim's first official foreign trip since inheriting the leadership of North Korea. He was to have met with Russian President Vladimir Putin in May.
Christopher Scarver was sentenced to two life terms in prison for killing Jeffrey Dahmer in 1994. Dahmer's former prison minister says Dahmer would make jokes about cannibalistic past. Scarver kept newspaper clipping.
Volvo says it will begin exporting vehicles made in a factory in southwest China to the United States next month. It is the first time Chinese-built passenger cars will roll into American showrooms. China surpassed the U.S. as the largest market for car sales.
Shanghai, like many large Chinese cities, rations license plates as it looks for a solution to gridlocked roads and polluted skies. China overtook the U.S. as the world's largest car market in 2009.
Chile's Calbuco Volcano erupts for third time since last week. About 1,500 people were evacuated, and security measures will continue. The explosion produced an extensive plume, but it was also described as smaller than the eruptions on April 22.
Venezuelan native Maickel Melamed is battling muscular dystrophy. The 39-year-old completed the 26.2-mile race just before 5 a.m. Tuesday, CNN affiliate reports.
Google's Waze uses GPS navigation and crowdsourcing to alert users to traffic jams, accidents, stalled cars. John Sutter: Waze's "traffic cop" feature lets lawbreakers pinpoint the location of police officers in the field. Google acquired Waze in 2013 for a reported $1.1 billion.
Andrew Lesnie won an Oscar for his work on the first of the fabled "Lord of the Rings" trilogy. He also worked on the remake of "King Kong" and "The Lovely Bones" films.
"Sharon, Lois & Bram's Elephant Show" co-star Lois Lilienstein dies at 78. She was diagnosed with a rare form of cancer last October. The show ran from 1984 to 1989.
Johnny Kemp is believed to have drowned at a beach in Montego Bay, Jamaica. "Just Got Paid" was a No. 1 hit on the U.S. Billboard R&B.
"When a Man Loves a Woman" became a cornerstone of soul music. Percy Sledge died of natural causes. He had been in hospice care for cancer. Sledge was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.
Silas Randall Timberlake is the son of Justin Timberlake and Jessica Biel. The couple announced the pregnancy in January with an Instagram post.
"The Unauthorized Full House Story" will be Lifetime's follow-up to its "Unauthorized Saved By the Bell" movie. The telepic will be produced by the Bell team of Front Street Pictures.
"Avengers: Age of Ultron" picks up where last year's "Captain America: Winter Soldier" left off. Reviewer: At least two of the big action scenes are lackluster. Director Joss Whedon mixes some brooding down-time in with spectacle.
"Furious 7" is the seventh installment of the "Fast and Furious" franchise. Critics say it's the best installment in the series. The film opens Friday in U.S. theaters.
The 27-year-old actress is best known for her roles on "Ordinary Lies" and "Coronation Street" Keegan is followed by Kendall Jenner, Jennifer Lawrence, Kate Upton and Caroline Flack on list.
The USS Independence was scuttled in 1951 during weapons testing near California's Farallon Islands. It was damaged by Japanese torpedo planes during the Battle of Tarawa in late 1943. The ship was a massive guinea pig for two atomic bomb blasts.
Southwest Airlines offered the most award tickets, 11.9 million, and the highest percentage of award tickets. At the bottom of the list was JetBlue, which offered the lowest percentage of awards tickets. Southwest had the highest customer satisfaction score, followed by Delta and United.
Attorney General Loretta Lynch takes over as nation's top law enforcement officer. Justice Department has been walking a fine line between nudging local police departments toward better community relations. Lynch will need to make clear that the Justice Department intends to crack down on abuse.
Alondra Luna Nuñez, 14, was taken from her middle school in Guanajuato, Mexico, on Friday. She was believed to be the daughter of a Mexican national living in Houston. DNA tests showed she's not related to the woman.
Frida Ghitis: Supreme Court seems to have increasingly become a place for partisan theatrics. She says marriage equality arguments seemed even more shaped by politics than the law. Ghitis says the court will soon confirm that the ruling is increasingly in favor of marriage equality, with the Blownown Court ruling.
Koch Industries' decision to remove conviction box from job applications is a big step forward, authors say. Nearly one in three adults in America has an arrest or conviction history that will show up on a background check. Writers: It's time for President Obama to lead the way and embrace fair-chance hiring of records.
Tennis legend Andy Murray marries long-term girlfriend Kim Sears in Dunblane, Scotland. Couple met at the U.S. Open in 2005 and got engaged in November last year. No honeymoon.
Four rainbows stretch across the sky in New York on Tuesday morning. One woman snapped the lucky shot. She posted it to Twitter, and within hours, it had already received hundreds of retweets.
Gulnaz was raped by her cousin's husband when she was 16 and jailed for adultery. She was pardoned by presidential decree, but was forced to marry her attacker. She is now carrying the third child of her attacker, who was convicted and jailed. She says she was pressured to marry him by her family.
Kabul is a city transformed, swollen in size but shrunken in scope, anxiously awaiting what comes next. Its population is five times what it was when NATO arrived here, even by the most conservative estimates. Vast supply chains once kept 120,000 troops fed and watered. Now the bases are gone, and the trucks sit still.
Photographer Simon Brann Thorpe's project "Toy Soldiers" uses the desert of Western Sahara as a powerful backdrop. The soldiers are with the Polisario Front, an independence movement that has been clashing with Morocco since 1970.
An attorney for Freddie Gray's family alleges that police are involved in a cover-up. Video shows Gray, with his hands behind his back, screaming as police raise him to his feet. Police have declined to say much.
Toya Graham says she wasn't concerned about embarrassing her son. "He was embarrassing himself by wearing that mask and that hoodie and doing what he was doing," she says. The video of Graham slapping her son has led to the Internet calling her #motheroftheyear. The incident was recorded.
Etan Patz's disappearance in 1979 sparked an era of heightened awareness of crimes against children. Pedro Hernandez confessed to police three years ago, but his lawyers say he made up his account of the crime. He is charged with two counts of second-degree murder in 1979.
James Holmes is accused of killing 12 people and injuring or maiming 70 others in 2012. He says he was insane at the time of the shootings. Opening statements in his trial are scheduled to begin Monday. The trial could last until autumn.
Manny Pacquiao and Floyd Mayweather's "Fight of the Century" won't "save" boxing, says John Sutter. Sutter: The sport has fallen precipitously since its 20th century heyday. He says the UFC has grown from a freaky-violent sideshow to a mainstream sport in two decades.
NEW: Doctors Without Borders leader: "A mass grave is being created in the Mediterranean Sea" A Bangladeshi migrant tells investigators there were 950 people on board the boat. Maltese Prime Minister: "Gangs of criminals are putting people on the road to death, really, and nothing else"
Japan will put an unmanned rover on the surface of the moon by 2018. The move could be seen as Japan's attempt to play catchup to China and India. The United States and China are the only other nations.
U.S. warships are being deployed to monitor ships traveling from Iran that could be trafficking arms to Houthi rebels in Yemen. The move is also meant to reassure allies in the region, Pentagon spokesman says. President Barack Obama says the United States has been clear with Iran.
Prosity gospel pastor Creflo Dollar responds to critics of his campaign to buy a Gulfstream G650. The Atlanta-area pastor is seeking $300 from 200,000 people globally to buy the luxury jet. His campaign was met with criticism on social media.
President Barack Obama spoke at a roundtable discussion on climate change this week. Obama: "No challenge poses more of a public threat than climate change" than it poses to public health. Obama encouraged ordinary citizens, doctors and nurses to put pressure on elected officials to reduce impacts of climate change.
Four Turkish soldiers also were wounded in the fighting in eastern Turkey. Kurdish separatists opened fire from a long distance, targeting Turkish soldiers. About a fifth of Turkey's population is Kurdish, a minority long living under oppression.
Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran are awaiting death by firing squad on Indonesia's "execution island" They are awaiting execution for their role in a failed 2005 heroin smuggling plot. Australia has repeatedly appealed for clemency for the pair.
A bus collided with a fuel tanker in southern Morocco on Friday. The accident caused a fire that hollowed out the bus, leaving little more than its frame. The dead included athletes traveling for a sporting competition.
Yellow Yellowstone's magma reserves are many magnitudes greater than previously thought, scientists say. Underneath the national park's attractions and walking paths is enough hot rock to fill the Grand Canyon. Most of it is in a newly discovered magma reservoir, which lies on top of a reservoir.
Marleni Olivo wrote a message on a mango and threw it at Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro. She was trying to get him to give her a new apartment. The mango-thrower says she had no evil intent, Maduro says.
Six survivors of the Paris kosher supermarket siege in January are suing a French media outlet. The media outlet is accused of endangering the lives of the hostages by broadcasting their location live during siege.
The helicopter crashed near Kampung Pasir Baru in Semenyih, state news agency Bernama reports. The prime minister's chief of staff and former ambassador to the U.S. are among the six people killed in crash.
LZ Granderson: Ben Affleck asked PBS to remove mention of ancestor who owned slaves from "Finding Your Roots" episode. He says the show's producer, Henry Louis Gates Jr., apparently agreed to the request. Granderson says Affleck and Gates did the right thing, PBS is now investigating.
Frida Ghitis: Drone strike kills two aid workers held hostage by Al Qaeda, but Iran has long history of hostage-taking. She says rogue regimes often seize hostages to extract concessions, humiliate U.S. or signal unease. Ghitis says Obama's administration has used hostage diplomacy to bring rogue regimes in.
The Slants, an Asian-American band from Portland, Oregon, sought to protect its name. The U.S. Patent and Trademark Office denied them a trademark registration under Section 2(a) of the trademark act. Dean Obeidallah: The court issued a disturbingly racist decision based on the fact that trademarks are protected speech.
Nick Loeb says he filed a complaint against Sofia Vergara to prevent her from destroying their embryos. He says he believes "life begins at fertilization" and wants to implant the embryos in a surrogate and bring.
Saudi Arabia began airstrikes on Houthi rebels in Yemen three weeks ago Thursday. Aden remains a city gripped by fear, desperation and want. Doctors have given up trying to count the dead and the dying who are brought in.
Flight 448, bound for Los Angeles, returned to Seattle. Upon landing, a ramp agent was discovered inside the front cargo hold. The agent told authorities he had fallen asleep, Alaska Airlines said in a statement.
A gunman walks into a building on the campus of Wayne Community College in Goldsboro, North Carolina. He shoots the school's print shop operator, killing him. The school was placed on lockdown, and the gunman remains at large.
An estimated 1,600 migrants have died so far this year on the dangerous Mediterranean crossing. Smugglers lure Arab and African migrants by offering discounts to get onto overcrowded ships. CNN producer secretly filmed a conversation with a smuggler in Tripoli.
Hungarian architect Matyas Gutai has built a prototype house using water as a building material. The house is able to reheat itself, when its hot excess heat is stored. The indoor temperature can also be modified using a monitoring system.
The boat, named Airone, was intercepted some 90 kilometers from the Libyan port of Misrata. Italy is a major gateway to Europe for migrants from North Africa. Italy registered more than 10,000 migrants.
Netflix has ordered a "Full House" reunion special and a spinoff series. Candace Cameron Bure will play the widowed mother of three boys. John Stamos will produce and guest star in the show.
Wednesday's game will be closed to the public to "minimize safety concerns," MLB says. Game follows postponements of Monday's and Tuesday's games against Chicago White Sox. Baltimore mayor says closed game will mean "another sad day"
NEW: Houthi rebels release Yemeni Defense Minister Mahmoud al-Subaihi in Sanaa. NEW: Five airstrikes target a weapons depot in Taiz province, security officials say. U.S. drone strikes target al Qaeda militants in Mukalla. Six suspected militants killed in Monday strike.
Wisconsin Badgers beat Kentucky Wildcats 71-64. Badgers will play Duke in Monday night's title game. Blue Devils beat Michigan State 81-61 in first contest of the night. Wisconsin will be looking to win its first title since 1941.
Jerome R. Hunt, of Hayward, California, climbed the fence on the south side of the White House complex. Hunt is in custody and charges are pending. The package was deemed harmless.
Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake: "I wanted to clarify my comments on 'thugs' Baltimore City Councilman: "Of course it's not the right word" Rev. Jamal Bryant: "These are not thugs, these are upset and frustrated children" .
Jeffrey Sutton penned the only recent appellate court decision to uphold state bans on same-sex marriage. His opinion, issued in November, goes up against an avalanche of judicial rulings striking down such bans. Critics call the opinion an outlier opinion.
At least six people have been killed in xenophobic attacks in South Africa this week. Attacks started after Zulu King Goodwill Zwelithini said foreigners "should pack their bags and go" because of jobs.
Mohamed Mohamud, also known as Dulyadin and Gamadhere, is "credited with having an extensive terrorist network" Al-Shabaab, an al Qaeda-linked militant group based in Somalia, took responsibility for the attack.
Frida Ghitis: Freddie Gray's death raises questions about police use of force in Baltimore case. She says police narrative says he fled unprovoked, but there was a knife in his pants pocket, which raises legal issues. Ghitis says police must have probable cause to make an arrest, but a stop is not the same as arrest.
A U.S. Army soldier is killed in an attack in eastern Afghanistan by an Afghan National Army gunman. An Afghan soldier was killed and another was injured in a subsequent exchange of gunfire, police say. Other troops were injured in the attack, an official says.
New Belgium and Ben & Jerry's are teaming up on a beer inspired by ice cream. Both companies have a history of social activism. The beer is set to hit shelves in the fall, the companies say.
Suzanne Crough played youngest daughter Tracy on "The Partridge Family" Tracy played tambourine and percussion in the traveling band. Crough also starred in "Mulligan"
Bobbi Kristina Brown has "global and irreversible brain damage," her grandmother says. She remains unresponsive, Cissy Houston says. A source with knowledge of Brown's condition says she remains in the same neurological state.
The NASA spacecraft MESSENGER is about to crash onto Mercury. The probe is running out of fuel and will hit the planet's surface April 30. It will be visible in the night sky until about the end of May.
ISIS beheadings may be encouraging copy-cat acts or threats of decapitation, experts say. Psychologist: Beheadings could be psychologically "priming" people to be more inclined to emulate them in moments of conflict.
Iran's President Hassan Rouhani has praised the military as peacemakers for the Middle East. The country's top military brass seemed surprisingly relaxed and unusually willing to speak with Western media outlets. Iran's leadership is showing no sign of toning down.
Bob Greene: Baltimore Orioles postponed two games this week because of public safety issues. He says the postponements are not without precedent; MLB has postponed games in the past. Greene: Baseball is supposed to create community, to unify, to create sense of belonging. He asks: What happens next?
More than 10,000 people have arrived from Libya since last weekend alone, according to the Italian Coast Guard. When Moammar Gadhafi was in control, he also controlled the flow of migrant ships. Many migrants have no intention of staying in Italy.
Mozambican Emmanuel Sithole was attacked in broad daylight in Johannesburg's Alexandra Township. Photographer James Oatway captured the attack on his camera. Seven people have been killed in the latest round of xenophobic violence against poorer immigrants, many from South Africa.
Fierce fighting has engulfed Ramadi, which lies only about 70 miles (113 kilometers) west of Baghdad. At least 150,000 people have already fled since Wednesday morning. The extremist group's offensive in Ramadi shows its resilience.
A white police officer in North Charleston, South Carolina, was charged with murder for shooting an unarmed black man in the back. Frida Ghitis: Most police fatal shootings do not result in indictments because prosecutors conclude they are justifiable. She says police use of deadly force is a black and white issue too.
John Oliver eviscerated Mehmet Oz on his hit HBO show "Last Week Tonight" John Oliver: I should have expected Dr. Oz to keep standing in the face of charges from colleagues. He says Oz is increasingly serving himself at a cost to Columbia University and hospital.
Zaki-ur-Rehman Lakhvi is a top leader of the terrorist group Lashkar-e-Taiba. He was charged in Pakistan in 2009, accused of masterminding the 2008 Mumbai terror attacks. He still faces trial in Pakistan.
Beatriz Paez says she was recording police activity when a deputy U.S. marshal walked toward her. She says he grabbed her cell phone and smashed it with his foot. The incident was recorded by another woman.
Muhammadu Buhari, 72, won Nigeria's presidential election on an anti-corruption platform. The peaceful transition of power is the first of its kind in Nigeria's history. The cancer of corruption has to be cut out, says U.S. journalist John Keen.
New research seems to support the theory that Mars could have salty water puddles at night. The study is based on monitoring of temperature and humidity conditions by the Mars Curiosity rover. It doesn't change the picture for life on Mars.
Chinese nuclear experts say North Korea may already have as many as 20 nuclear warheads. Peter Bergen: The key takeaway from the report is not the number of warheads, but the type of warhead. He says Pyongyang could double its arsenal with weapons-grade uranium next year.
Novak Djokovic wins Monte Carlo Masters. Beats Thomas Berdych 7-5, 4-6, 6-3 in rain-interrupted final. Serbian world number one extends winning streak to 17 matches.
More than 160 patients in nine days have been rushed to hospitals for synthetic marijuana-related emergencies. Synthetic marijuana is popular among teens because it is marketed as incense.
Mohamed Badie is sentenced to death by hanging, along with 13 members of his group. 36 other defendants are sentenced to life in prison on charges of plotting terrorist attacks against state facilities. The sentences will be appealed, the court says.
Police-involved killings and assaults on unarmed African-Americans unlikely to end soon, authors say. They say police brutality is neither new nor reflective of a "moment," but a national crisis. Writers: There must be zero tolerance for racism, brutality and corruption in police departments. Civil Rights Division must be properly funded.
Draft script of "The Breakfast Club" found in school district where it was filmed. "It's a first draft of the screenplay by John Hughes," superintendent says. Film was filmed at Maine North High School.
"Monty Python and the Holy Grail" premiered 40 years ago Thursday. The movie was a box-office hit, making $5 million -- more than 10 times its budget. It was a satire of the Arthurian legend.
Amy Schumer took a fake tumble on the red carpet at the TIME 100 gala. The stunt drew guffaws from the paparazzi and other onlookers. Schumer told People.
Tuesday, April 14, is Equal Pay Day; women earn 77 cents for every dollar men earn. Julian Zelizer: Hillary Clinton should announce she'll take a 23% pay cut to show she stands with working women. He says such stunts are effective, especially in our increasingly short-attention-span-span culture.
Julian Zelizer: Tuesday is Equal Pay Day, a fictitious holiday marked by progressive women's groups. Zelizer says the 77-cent wage gap statistic is grossly overstated. He says the "war on women" narrative hasn't been turned off -- it's simply shifted gears. Republicans need to be ready to respond.
Memphis Grizzlies small forward Jeff Green had to have open heart surgery. He missed the entire 2011-2012 NBA season. Green's now using his story to raise awareness of hidden heart risk and to help children with issues.
Gao Yu, 71, immediately said she would appeal, her lawyer Mo Shaoping says. The government had accused Gao of disclosing a highly confidential "Document No. 9" issued by the ruling Communist Party leadership.
Near-sightedness, or myopia, means nearby objects appear clearly, but those farther away look blurry. Rates of myopia have doubled, even tripled, in most of East Asia over the last 40 years.
Hillary Clinton's official announcement went online, social media responded in a big way. Terms like "Hillary Clinton," "#Hillary2016," and yes, even "#WhyImNotVotingforHillary" trending.
NEW: Helicopters bring stranded climbers off the mountain Monday. At least 17 people have been killed, with dozens injured and several missing. The climbers are stuck around 20,000 feet (6,100 meters) high in Camps 1 and 2. Several Everest climbing teams have confirmed deaths.
Wiki founder Julian Assange has agreed to be interviewed by Swedish prosecutors in London. Assange has been holed up in the Ecuadorian Embassy in London since June 2012. Swedish prosecutors want to question him.
Two TSA screeners have been fired after conspiring to grope attractive men at Denver airport, police say. The male TSA officer used his hands to touch the front groin area of a passenger, violating TSA policy, police said.
A postal carrier from Florida landed a single-person aircraft on Capitol grounds on Wednesday. The FAA classifies the aircraft as a gyrocopter, which means it is not allowed to have a pilot or a license for the aircraft. FAA: Gyrocopters can't launch straight up into the air in the manner of a typical helicopter.
Ayatollah Ali Khamenei says it's too soon to celebrate the proposed deal. President Hassan Rouhani calls for sanctions to be lifted on the first day of the deal's implementation. U.S. Energy Secretary Ernest Moniz says it could take six months.
The microneedle patch could bring polio vaccines to the doorsteps of the people that need it. It's been 60 years since a mass inoculation of Jonas Salk's vaccine began with school children.
A community center in East Baltimore burned to the ground in the riots that followed Freddie Gray's funeral. The center was the centerpiece of a community rebuilding effort led by a coalition of other congregations. The cause of the blaze is still under investigation. Church leaders say poverty is rampant.
The proposed training materials were submitted to Manhattan Federal Court judge Analisa Torres on Monday. They include directives to "not tell or tolerate ethnic, racial or sexist jokes" They also instruct new cadets "not to imitate the speech patterns" of others.
Muna Mansour's family is among the dozens of Americans caught in the crossfire of warring parties in Yemen. The United States has said it is too dangerous for them to directly evacuate American nationals. Muna was visiting her sick father in Aden when fighting broke out around her when fighting erupted.
Saudi jets began airstrikes in Yemen late last month in the name of "restoring the legitimate government" Peter Bergen: Saudi motives in Yemen likely have nothing to do with protecting the country's "legitimate government" Saudi goal is simple: Prevent the rise of any popularly supported government.
China's biggest auto show opens in Shanghai this week. The show comes at a turning point for China's auto market. Vehicle sales in China totaled 23.5 million units last year, almost a third more than in the United States.
David Letterman's final "Late Show" will air Wednesday, May 20. Oprah Winfrey, George Clooney, George Murray and Steve Martin among guests. Stephen Colbert will take over the show September 8.
Thailand has lifted martial law, replacing it with a controversial new security order. Critics say the move marks the country's "deepening descent into dictatorship" Martial law was imposed shortly before Thailand's military seized power last May last May.
"They got it wrong," Aaron Hernandez says as he is taken away from the courthouse. "I didn't do it," Hernandez says, according to a source close to the case. "Odin was my only son," Odin Lloyd's mother, Ursula Ward, tells the court.
Looting, fires and violence descended on Baltimore after Freddie Gray's death in police hands. LZ Granderson: The ghetto, and I'm talking class and not race, was on full display by Monday. He says bad cops need to be punished, but it's too easy to blame police for all our problems.
Pregnant women fleeing repression have come to Libya to escape fighting that refuses to stop. They are willing to risk their lives on crowded boats to make the final part of the trip. Many others have died when smugglers' ships sink in the Mediterranean.
Cell phone video shows brawl at Resorts World Casino in Queens, New York. About 300 people were still at the scene when police arrived. Three men were arrested in connection to brawl.
LZ Granderson: Baltimore riot is a Rorschach test for both left and right. He says we can't separate out the aspects of the problem that don't fit our preferred explanation if we are sincere about solving it. Granderson says we need to open our eyes to see what's happening in Baltimore.
A new triathlete shares her journey to becoming a full-time triathlon athlete. She says it takes a village to raise a triathlonlete. Swimming remains her weakest link, but she's learned to swim.
Bob Lewin was a copygirl at the Chicago Daily News at the time of President Roosevelt's death in 1945. He recalls being told "to do something on the new president" "Within a few minutes, the office was swamped with calls for verification.
Sen. Elizabeth Warren says she wants to see a candidate willing to fight for the middle class. She says Washington works well for special interest groups and the well-connected but not for the rest of America. Warren is a Massachusetts Democrat.
Hillary Clinton released a low-key video on Sunday announcing her run for the White House. Clinton often says there's no better time in history to be born female than the present. She could be helped by an improving climate for women in politics.
Ruben Navarrette: Hillary Clinton is the best-known presidential candidate across both parties. He says she's almost unchallenged within her own party, but the question is: "What does she stand for?" Navrrette: There are good grounds for a liberal primary challenge to Clinton. But the Democratic Party is intellectually impoverished, he says.
NASA's New Horizons spacecraft has sent back its first color image of Pluto. The probe is nearing the crucial point in its epic voyage of more than 3 billion miles. It will make its closest approach to Pluto.
Some local businesses in Baltimore are banding together to show their support for the city. Others are left to rebuild or repair after Monday's rioting. "We shut down not out of fear, but for solidarity," a cafe co-owner says.
Three Zeta Beta Tau members expelled from University of Florida. Veteran: "They actually spit on me and my service dog as well, and that's just so disrespectful and it hurts" ZetaBeta Tau apologizes to veterans, suspends activities.
Methyl bromide is suspected to have been used improperly several times in the U.S. Virgin Islands. Governor Ken Mapp says his condominium complex was fumigated with it in 2013.
Frida Ghitis: ISIS, Boko Haram have special hell reserved for women who fall into clutches of jihadis' clutches. Ghitis says ISIS and Boko Haram treat women differently from al Qaeda. She says women are used as weapons of war, used to humiliate the enemy, a "reward" for soldiers and ethnic cleansing.
Jamal al-Labani is believed to be the first U.S. citizen killed in the current violence in Yemen. More than 200 people have been killed in Aden in the past 11 days, official says. Yemen has been rocked by violence and political turmoil for months for months.
"We are waiting for him. We're very happy he is coming," a Cuban-American tourist says. Pope Francis will visit Cuba on his way to the United States in September. He helped negotiate a diplomatic thaw between the two countries.
A&E, Lifetime and History will simulcast a remake of "Roots" The miniseries will air in 2016. LeVar Burton, who played Kunta Kinte, will executive produce.
ISIS is clearly about religion, but it is also about power, says Peter Bergen. Bergen: ISIS is like other radical Islamic groups, such as the Taliban, that have an allure in the abstract. He says the group has changed the nature of terror because it works on the web.
Underwater search area for missing Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 looks set to double in size. Teams have covered about 60% of the priority search zone so far. If they haven't found anything, the search will stretch into a new equally vast area, officials say.
In July of 2013, Turkish archaeologists discovered a stone chest in a 1,350-year-old church that appeared to contain a piece of Jesus' cross. The latest episode of the "true cross" is symbolic of the pitfalls in the hunt for relics.
The Altamura Man became the oldest Neanderthal to have his DNA extracted by researchers. Scientists in southern Italy have known about him since 1993. They hope they will be able to sequence his DNA to find out more about evolution.
Supreme Court will hear arguments on same-sex marriage on Tuesday. David Gergen: Public opinion on the issue has changed dramatically since the court legalized it in 2003. He says the court has always been guided by more than the text and history of the Constitution. Gergen says public opinion matters.
DC Super Hero Girls is aimed at girls ages 6-12. Characters include Wonder Woman, Supergirl, Batgirl, Harley Quinn and Poison Ivy among others.
Ben Affleck said he didn't want a segment on PBS show about his family to include a slave-owning ancestor. Ruben Navarrette: Gates missed an opportunity to show the importance of slavery's past to America's present. He says Gates should have shown courage to stay in an uncomfortable place.
A white police officer in North Charleston, South Carolina, shot and killed an unarmed black man. Michael Cevallos: We've seen this movie before. He says North Charleston's police force is about 80% white, with a population of 47% black and 37% white. He asks: How many whites with broken taillights?
Five years after the Deepwater Horizon oil rig disaster, it's time to ask: What have we learned? What are we willing to do to make sure it doesn't happen again? John Sutter: The BP oil spill's legacy continues to haunt this region like a recurring cancer. Environmental safety is at the top of list.
SpaceX will try to land a rocket on a platform floating in the Atlantic Ocean off Florida. The company says the odds of a successful landing are about 50%. The rocket will carry an uncrewed cargo spacecraft called Dragon to the International Space Station.
Ibrahim al-Rubaish was once held by the U.S. at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. He was released as part of Saudi Arabia's program for rehabilitating jihadist terrorists. Yemen has been in disarray since Houthi rebels began asserting themselves.
Jurors will examine evidence that appears to show James Holmes planned his attack. The prosecution has said it will seek the death penalty. Holmes has pleaded not guilty by reason of insanity. Jury selection began in January and could last months.
CNN traveled to Aden, Yemen, to film refugees fleeing the war in the Gulf of Aden. The boat was a lifeline for some of the families caught in the fighting. The refugees were being charged $300 a person: An "exit fee" to leave the country.
Syrian man travels from Turkey to Italy by sea to get to Europe. He paid $6,500 to a smuggler to take him across the Mediterranean to Italy. The journey took 300 people eight hours before the boat's engine broke down. The crew sent a distress signal, hoping to alert a U.N. boat.
John Sutter: I see signs of a medical marijuana revolution everywhere. He says a majority of Americans favor its legalization, with 77% supporting it for medical purposes. Sutter says scientists and politicians are diving in head first. He sees the revolution in surprising places, he says.
Vladimir Putin shrugs off questions about impact of Western sanctions on his nation. "Sanctions are sanctions," he says. Putin defends lifting a ban on the sale of a sophisticated air defense system to Iran.
Dr. Mehmet Oz is defending himself against a group of doctors. They accuse him of "manifesting an egregious lack of integrity" in TV and promotional work. Oz says he will not be silenced.
Blue Bell Creameries recalls all its ice cream, frozen yogurt, sherbet and other frozen treats. Three people in Kansas have died in the past year and 10 people in four states have fallen ill. The CDC recommends consumers do not eat any Blue Bell.
Toya Graham was hailed as a hero for pulling her son away from a riot scene in Baltimore. Frida Ghitis: Many called her a hero, but wasn't she also promoting violence? She says we need more mothers like Graham, who will do whatever it takes to protect their children. She says Graham's actions are evidence of commitment.
Two tornadoes touched down near Fort Worth, Texas, on Sunday. There have been no reports of deaths or injuries. Storms drenched the area, causing street flooding and hail size softballs.
Twins Silas and Eli Keslar drowned after their mother tried to repel a bee, police say. Their stroller rolled into a canal in Yuma, Arizona. Their mother went into the canal and tried to rescue her sons, but was unsuccessful.
NEW: Death toll rises to 3,218, government official says. NEW: 6,525 people are reported to have been injured. The death toll is expected to climb further as officials get more information from the countryside.
A Lamborghini sports car crashes into a guardrail at Walt Disney World Speedway. A passenger is pronounced dead at the scene. The driver is hospitalized with minor injuries. Petty Holdings operates the Exotic Driving Experience.
"It is a good deal, a deal that meets our core objectives," Obama says. Iran would reduce its stockpile of low-enriched uranium by 98% and significantly scale back its number of centrifuges, according to the plan.
Bobby Drake, aka Iceman of the X-Men, comes out as gay in a new issue of the comic book. The character's outing happens in an unusual manner in the "All-New"
Beijing-backed election proposal would give Hong Kongers the right to vote for their next leader in 2017. Pro-democracy legislators have already sworn to veto the proposal. Hong Kong has become increasingly polarized in recent years.
Australia recalls its ambassador to Indonesia after executions of two Australians. Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran were among eight drug smugglers executed by firing squad. Brazil's foreign ministry expresses "deep sadness" at Rodrigo Gularte's execution due to mental illness.
On April 9, 1865, Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee surrendered 28,000 troops to U.S. General Ulysses S. Grant. Lee's surrender at Appomattox Courthouse became a symbol of unity. The courthouse is now a national park.
A second person has been charged with attempting to carry out an "ISIS-inspired" terror plot. Five young men were arrested Saturday in Melbourne, Australia, in what police called a major counterterrorism operation.
2015 may be remembered as the year the term "transgender" fully entered mainstream consciousness. President Obama became the first president to utter the word in a State of the Union address. "Transparent," "Orange is the New Black" and "Glee" stars are transgender.
North Korean defector Lee Min-bok is sending thousands of copies of "The Interview" across the border from South to North Korea in balloons. "The regime hates this film because it shows Kim Jong Un as a man, not a God," he says.
This is week two of an ongoing series: A Catholic Reads the Bible. This week covers the Book of Genesis, chapters 1-11. The first two chapters have everything to do with the Earth and man's place there.
Conor McDonnell is the self-taught photography star behind Instagram's most liked photo. His photo of Kim Kardashian and Kanye West at their May wedding has earned more than 2.4 million likes. McDonnell shares his top tips for growing your Instagram fan base.
The James Webb Space Telescope (JWST) is scheduled to launch in October 2018. It is designed to study the first stars and galaxies that formed in the early universe. Scientists hope the telescope will tell us more about objects that formed 13 billion years ago.
Officer Michael Rapiejko told investigators he thought he was too far away to take a shot at the man. Mario Valencia faces 15 charges for an alleged crime spree. His lawyer has said police used excessive force and could have killed.
Sculptor Jonty Hurwitz is a South African entrepreneur-turned-artist. His "Nano-sculptures" are made from a mysterious resin and 3D printed using cutting-edge technology. The sculptures are made through a process called "two-photon lithography"
The 117 migrants, mostly from sub-Saharan Africa, arrived in the port of Augusta, Sicily, around 1p.m. Tuesday. Nearly 10,000 migrants have arrived on Italian shores since the weekend, according to the Italian Coast Guard.
Liberland -- the world's newest micronation -- will be formally founded on May 1. It is a 7 square-kilometer parcel of land on the border between Serbia and Croatia. Czech politician Vit Jedlicka says he expects trouble from his neighbors.
Sudan is the last known male northern white rhino left in the entire world. The fate of the subspecies rests on his ability to conceive with the two female rhinos. The animals are under 24-hour protection by armed guards at the Ol Pejeta.
Fireball Cinnamon Whisky is the fastest-growing big brand of liquor in America. Retail sales more than doubled last year, and Fireball has dethroned Jagermeister as America's party shot of choice. It's made from Canadian whisky, aged in used bourbon barrels, flavored with cinnamon.
A suicide bomber detonates his explosives near a group of protesters in eastern Afghanistan. An Afghan lawmaker taking part in the protests is among the 64 people wounded. The Taliban denies responsibility for attack.
The body of a 3-year-old girl may have been dead "for at least a few weeks," police say. The body of the 4-month-old infant was found at a Las Vegas hospital. Police are searching for the girls' parents, who may be in California.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev faces life in prison or the death penalty for working with his brother to explode bombs at the 2013 Boston Marathon. The defense and prosecution made closing arguments in the case on Monday in Boston, Massachusetts.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, 21, faces life in prison or the death penalty. Jurors deliberated for more than seven hours Tuesday. The jurors sent out two questions, which are scheduled to be addressed Wednesday.
The incident took place early Tuesday in India's southeastern Andhra Pradesh state. Forest officials near the town of Tirupati spotted hundreds of smugglers cutting trees for red sandalwood, police said.
"I was sickened by what I saw," North Charleston police chief says. Officer Michael Slager is charged with murder in the shooting death of an unarmed black man in South Carolina. Scott's shooting stirred memories of the Michael Brown case in Ferguson, Missouri.
The shootings in Ferguson and North Charleston bear only mild resemblance. The shootings' main similarity is that the officer was white and the victim was black and unarmed. There are some stark differences in the cases, the lessons learned by both police and the public, and concrete changes possible.
John Moynihan is a former U.S. Army Ranger who was honored at the White House for his heroism in the Boston Marathon bombing. He helped save a transit officer wounded in a gunbattle with the bombers in 2013.
Tulsus County Reserve Deputy Robert Bates, 73, "inadvertently" shot Eric Courtney Harris. Suspect ran from authorities after trying to sell an illegal handgun during an undercover sting. Police are trained to "double-tap" when firing.
Michael Slager is charged with murder in the death of 50-year-old Walter Scott. The former North Charleston police officer faces up to life in prison or the death penalty. "Walter was a dear friend and I miss him every day," his friend says.
Robert Bates is charged with second-degree manslaughter involving culpable negligence. The charge could land the reserve deputy in prison for up to four years if found guilty. Attorney: "We believe the video itself proves that it was an accident of misfortune"
Marana police chief Terry Rozema says deadly force was justified. Video shows officer's car running into an armed suspect with a rifle. The suspect, Mario Valencia, survived and was hospitalized before being criminally charged. Video has stirred debate about what type of force police should have used.
Mobs with machetes attack immigrants in Durban, leaving at least five people dead. Aid group says 8,500 people fled to refugee centers or police stations. Police scrambled to stop clashes this week.
15 people arrested on suspicion of murdering 12 Christians at sea, police say. Original group of 105 people left Libya on Tuesday in a rubber boat. Boat was intercepted by an Italian navy vessel, transferred to a Panamanian-flagged ship.
Officer Michael Rapiejko was with the New York Police Department from 2003 to 2006. He was one of the defendants in a suit filed by a man who alleged he was handcuffed and choked during an arrest. The charges against Luis Colon were dropped six months later.
NEW: "Sunday was the worst day I ever lived in my whole entire life," grandmother says. NEW: "It's a day I wish had never, never came," mother of alleged gunman says. Damani Terry, 2, was killed at a birthday party Sunday.
Maltese PM: "Gangs of criminals are putting people on a boat, sometimes even at gunpoint" EU ministers propose a 10-point plan to help address the crisis at sea. More than 900 migrants are believed to have died this year crossing the Mediterranean Sea.
NEW: Justice Department looking into whether civil rights violation occurred, spokesperson says. Freddie Gray died of a spinal injury Sunday, exactly one week after he was taken into custody. Police release the names of six officers involved in the arrest of Freddie Gray, who died Sunday.
A New Jersey man died after police say he tried to grab their gun. In Louisiana, police say a man shot and killed himself in the back of a squad car. In California, a schizophrenic man was hit by police.
NEW: Two people are detained for disorderly conduct and destruction of property. Freddie Gray died Sunday, one week after he was arrested by Baltimore police. A police union's comparison of the protests to a "lynch mob" has drawn sharp criticism.
"I condone black on white killings. Hell they condone crimes against us," the post says. Ebony Dickens, 33, of East Point, Georgia, faces a charge of disseminating information.
The SS City of Cairo was sunk by a German U-boat in November 1942. The vessel sunk to more than 16,800 feet under the surface. It went undiscovered until 2011 when Deep Ocean Search went looking for it.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao fight in Las Vegas on Saturday night. Most of the tickets for the highly-anticipated clash have sold out, but some are still available on secondary sites. A ticket at ringside will cost you $180,000 -- a knockout price.
Frida Ghitis: NPR report on Baltimore unrest said black-owned businesses were targeted by Asian-owned stores. Ghitis says that's a common trope that's been used since the 1980s. She says it's a misleading, hyperbolic and dangerous distraction, one that shifts blame away from the real issues.
The group includes 19 women and five men. It's almost entirely white and mostly middle-aged. Jury selection started in January with 9,000 potential jurors. Opening statements are scheduled to begin April 27.
Robert Boardwine's friend used his sperm and a turkey baster to get pregnant. She thought because they never had sex, she was entitled to be the boy's sole parent. Boardwine was awarded joint legal custody and visitation of the baby.
Jordan Spieth wins the Masters at Augusta National for the second time. The 21-year-old equaled Tiger Woods' 1997 record winning score of 18 under par. Spieth's sister Ellie, who is autistic, was not able to attend the tournament. He says he misses her a lot.
Denver teacher Kyle Schwartz passes out Post-it notes to her students and asks them to complete the sentence, "I wish my teacher knew ..." The assignment sprang from the kinds of conversations teachers have all the time, Schwartz said.
Charlotte Dujardin and Valegro win their second consecutive Reem Acra FEI World Cup Dressage title in Las Vegas. The Dutch pair narrowly missed their own world record with a score of 94.196. Irish showjumper Bertram Allen wins bronze at the World Cup Finals.
The world's leading showjumping and dressage horses have reached Las Vegas for this week's World Cup Finals. Vegas is home to the finals for the sixth time since first hosting the event in 2000. More than 80,000 fans are expected to attend the event this week.
A Japan Railway maglev train hit 603 kilometers per hour (374 miles per hour) on an experimental track in Yamanashi Tuesday. The train broke its own record from last Thursday, when it ran at 590 km per hour.
Two CNN Heroes are among the earthquake survivors in Kathmandu, Nepal. Anuradha Koirala's rehab center has gone from a place of safety and healing to one of uncertainty and worry. Pushpa Basnet's permanent residence she was building for children suffered extensive damage.
University of Nebraska at Omaha is getting a new $81.6 million stadium. A taco shop has teamed up with the university to shoot tacos into the stands. The tacos will start flying this fall.
Nearly 12 million parents in the United States are raising kids on their own. Jody Farley-Berens' nonprofit provides practical, financial and emotional support to single parents with cancer. Do you know a hero? Nominations are open for CNN Heroes 2015. Send your story to CNN Heroes at CNN iReport.
Chad Bernstein's nonprofit, Guitars Over Guns, pairs middle-school students with professional musicians. Since 2008, the group has worked with more than 225 students in Miami-Dade County. Bernstein: "Music is the most important tool we have in reaching these kids" Do you know a hero?
In 2003, less than 30% of religiously affiliated Americans supported same-sex marriage. By 2014, that number had climbed to 47%, according to a survey conducted by the Public Religion Research Institute. There are now more people of faith who favor marriage.
Ronen Ziv's unborn baby is due this week in Kathmandu. Nepal is a popular place for Israeli couples to have surrogate children. Ziv worries his surrogate mother will not get the proper medical attention required for a safe birth.
North Korean leader Kim Jong Un is continuing to rule with an iron fist. He has executed about 15 senior officials so far this year, a South Korean lawmaker who attended a briefing says.
California Gov. Jerry Brown ordered mandatory restrictions on water use for the first time in the state's history. John Sutter: California is leading the way in recognizing that population and economic growth have to respect limits. He says drought won't be the last, but it has significance for the nation.
Louis Jordan, 37, took his 35-foot sailboat out in late January and hadn't been heard from in 66 days. "I thought I lost you," father Frank Jordan tells CNN's Wolf Blitzer. He was rescued Thursday afternoon.
Sen. Marco Rubio: Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has an opportunity to do right by the "comfort women" He says the House of Representatives passed a resolution in 2007 calling for an apology. Rubio: Japan must show the maturity of a democratic country and apologize for its mistake.
In the U.S., almost 42 million adults have been married more than once, up from 22 million in 1980 and 14 million in 1960. Pew Research: 50% of respondents say society is just as well off if people have priorities other than marriage and children. Scandinavians have higher marriage rates than the USA.
NEW: "There is more seismic activity ... and we think there will be more activity today," geologists say. Evacuations are underway in Chile's Calbuco Volcano. The volcano has already erupted twice this week, spewing ash into Argentina.
Anthony Sideri began using drugs on a daily basis after graduating from high school in 2000. By 2005, he had been snorting heroin daily for two years. In July 2007, he robbed a bank after shooting up heroin all day, the last day he used.
NASA says its Messenger space probe crashed into Mercury on Thursday after running out of fuel. The crash wasn't visible from Earth because it occurred on the far side of Mercury. The probe was the first spacecraft to orbit the planet closest to the sun.
ISIS sees itself as a government operating under a rule of law, says researcher Aymenn Al-Tamimi. Official documents give a window into the bureaucracy of the self-declared caliphate. Some subjects would be banned -- democracy and political thought, hotel management and tourism and archaeology.
Supreme Court justices appeared divided Tuesday during historic arguments over the constitutionality of gay marriage. Chief Justice John Roberts seemed to lean more closely to conservative justices. Supporters and opponents of same-sex marriage rallied outside the courtroom on Tuesday.
Yemeni officials say Saudi airstrikes hit a military base, injuring at least a half dozen students. The school was not the main target, officials say. The fighting has killed hundreds of people in less than two weeks, UNICEF says.
As many as 1,600 migrants have died in the Mediterranean in the past 10 days. The migrants are fleeing grinding poverty and war in Africa and the Middle East. Italy is grappling to deal with the consequences of an array of old and new ills.
The Calabrese regularly patrols the Mediterranean off Lampedusa, Italy's southernmost territory. It has been the first point of entry to Europe for tens of thousands of migrants from Africa and the Middle East. In recent years, its 12-man crew has joined Italy's effort to rescue migrants from migrants.
NEW: Death toll expected to rise as full extent of damage is assessed. At least 17 people reported killed on Mount Everest, where the quake caused multiple avalanches. The quake was the strongest in the region in more than 80 years, officials say.
Jameis Winston's attorney: "Ms. Kinsman's false accusations have already been exposed and rejected six times" Winston won the Heisman Trophy in 2013. He is expected to be a top pick in the NFL draft.
Joseph Kent was being held on a charge of curfew violation. His arrest was broadcast live on CNN about 40 minutes after a 10 p.m. curfew went into effect. His lawyer says he is still trying to get in touch with his client after he was released.
Taylor Swift's mother has cancer, the pop star says. Swift did not divulge the nature or severity of the cancer. She urged her fans to make sure their parents get screened for cancer. #PrayForMamaSwift was trending hashtag.
Sarah Brady died of pneumonia, her family says. She and her husband, James Brady, pushed for stricter gun control laws. James Brady was President Reagan's press secretary when he was shot in the head in 1981.
Izzat Ibrahim al-Douri was the highest-ranking member of Saddam Hussein's regime to evade capture. He also was thought to have led the post-Hussein Sunni extremist group Naqshbandi Army. He was killed in a security operation.
Chinese President Xi Jinping and Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi are two dynamic leaders at the helm of the world's two most populous nations. While Modi's India is out to put its economy on the fast track, China's economy is slowing after over 25 years of breakneck.
Kenyan Deputy President William Ruto: "The way America changed after 9/11 is the way Kenya will change after Garissa" Al-Shabaab gunmen stormed Garissa University College in eastern Kenya this month, killing 147 people, Kenyan government says.
Guenter Grass died in a clinic in the city of Luebeck, where he was taken over the weekend. He was 87. Grass' novel characters are the forgotten, the downtrodden and the weird, Nobel committee says.
Bikram Choudhury has been accused of rape or sexual assault by six of his former students. He says he never sexually assaulted anyone. "I want to show you," he says, "tell the truth to the world, that I never assaulted them"
"Smart bullets" passed most successful round of live-fire tests to date, DARPA says. Experienced marksman "repeatedly hit moving and evading targets," agency says. Smart bullets are .50-caliber projectiles.
Russia's President Vladimir Putin will spend hours fielding questions from the general public on live television. The annual Q&A session is a widely anticipated event which provokes such excitement. The Kremlin says they will have to sift through well over 1.7 million emails, video messages and texts to decide questions.
Greenpeace activists climb aboard a Shell oil rig to protest the company's plans to drill in the Arctic. They plan to occupy the underside of the rig's main deck. Shell says the boarding was illegal and jeopardized the safety of the activists.
President Obama and Raul Castro met Friday night at a dinner for Latin American leaders. The two nations have barely been on speaking terms for more than 50 years. Obama is expected to remove Cuba from terrorism list.
Solar Impulse 2 grounded in China due to bad weather. Plane is just a quarter of the way along a journey that will cover 35,000 kilometers (21,748 miles) over five months. Plane needs near perfect weather conditions, including cross winds of less than 4 knots, in order to fly.
Freddie Gray should have received medical attention at the scene of his arrest, police commissioner says. Gray was not buckled into a seat belt while being transported in a police van, police say. Police Commissioner Anthony Batts says he will not step down.
The five activists were picked up by police in three different cities just before International Women's Day. They had been planning a campaign against sexual harassment on public transportation. Their detention had drawn widespread condemnation, including from the United States.
NEW: SpaceX founder Elon Musk tweets: "Ascent successful. Rocket landed on droneship, but too hard for survival" The rocket landed on a floating barge, but tipped over. SpaceX wants to cut costs.
Paul Nungesser is suing Columbia University for allowing his accuser to publicly brand him a "serial rapist" Emma Sulkowicz's case drew national attention after she started carrying a mattress around campus to protest the school's handling of it.
The arrest and death of Freddie Gray in Baltimore has sparked protests and accusations of police brutality. It's unclear how Gray suffered a severe spinal cord injury that led to his death seven days later. Six police officers were suspended last week.
The people of Nepal are still trying to recover from two major earthquakes and a mudslide. We have vetted a list of organizations working in Nepal that have created specific funds for relief efforts, including the Nepal Red Cross.
Report: U.S. must rethink role of manned submarines and prioritize new underwater detection techniques. China and other nations are rapidly expanding the size and scope of their own submarine forces. Concern that China could match underwater capabilities.
Feidin Santana says he was told by another cop to stop using his phone to record the incident. He says he left the scene to go to work after hearing the sound of a Taser being used. Officer Michael Slager has been charged with murder.
In Inkster, Michigan, police officer William Melendez is charged with beating an unarmed motorist during a traffic stop. The motorist, Floyd Dent, is cleared of all charges. Police Chief Vicki Yost resigns in the wake of the reversal of fates.
The U.N. is appealing for $174 million to help Nigerian refugees who've fled to neighboring nations. Boko Haram has killed thousands in the nation's northeast by attacking villages, schools, churches and mosques.
Protesters chant "Out with Dilma" and "Time for change" in Sao Paulo. It's the second day of nationwide anti-government demonstrations in less than a month in Brazil.
CyArk is a non-profit company that uses laser scanning to protect ancient and historical architecture. It uses the technology to ensure that incredibly accurate digital versions of the world's treasures will stay with us forever. CyArk uses a portable, eye-safe laser device based on a technology called Lidar.
Police say Yuhei Takashima photographed an obscene act with a girl of 13 or 14 and produced pornography in a hotel room in Manila. Police seized 147,600 photos that he took of his activities over more than a quarter of a century.
Police release dash cam video of traffic stop in South Carolina. Officer Michael Slager shot and killed Walter Scott after pulling him over for a broken taillight. Scott family attorney: "That shooting was completely unjustified" Witness: "I nearly erased the video"
Pappy Van Winkle was reported missing from a Kentucky distillery in October 2013. The high-end heist was "indicative of an inside job," the sheriff said at the time. Nine members of a criminal syndicate have been indicted in the case, a grand jury says.
NEW: Jon Reiter tells CNN that 17 people have been killed on the mountain. NEW: A doctor says he has seen 14 bodies so far. The Indian Army evacuates 13 mountaineers from base camp. Two companies report the deaths of Americans on Everest.
President Barack Obama and Raul Castro meet for an hour Saturday in Panama. It's the first time the two nations' top leaders have sat down for substantive talks in more than 50 years. Castro says he respects Obama's move toward reconciliation, but there are differences.
The U.N. released its third World Happiness Report on April 23. Switzerland took the top spot from Denmark in 2015, rising from third to first place. Iceland jumped from ninth to second place in the list of the world's happiest countries this year.
Police meet with man who was in Walter Scott's car when Slager pulled it over for a broken taillight. Slager faces life in prison or the death penalty if convicted on a murder charge if convicted of shooting Scott.
Migrant deaths at sea have increased by a factor of 30 compared to the same time last year. Almost all the deaths have occurred in the perilous central Mediterranean crossing from Libya to Italy. EU critics called for tougher action to deter asylum seekers from making the risky journey. Australia's immigration policy has been designed as a deterrent.
The Ethiopian government confirms 30 of its citizens were among the two groups. The al-Furqan Media video is titled "Until There Came to Them Clear Evidence" It shows two groups of men being killed at different locations in Libya.
Some of the world's worst terrorist groups aim to create societies governed by strict, distorted versions of Sharia law. Christians aren't the only ones who have suffered at the hands of such organizations, however.
Mohamed Morsy was convicted on charges of violence and inciting violence and sentenced to 20 years in prison. He was acquitted of murder in the deaths of protesters. He stood trial with 14 co-defendants, including staff.
The Virgin Mary Church in Kafr Hakim was torched and looted by a mob in August 2013. It was one of at least 42 churches and many more businesses and homes targeted that year.
Aaron Hernandez is found guilty of first-degree murder in the shooting death of Odin Lloyd. The former New England Patriots tight end also faces murder charges in a 2012 double homicide. He has pleaded not guilty to the charges against him.
Edwin Sabuhoro worked as a warden in Rwanda's Volcanoes National Park, home to the endangered mountain gorilla. He decided to quit his job and come up with an idea to help poachers make a living. He turned poachers into farmers and started a cultural village.
Every culture, every generation, remakes Jesus in its own image. Hollywood has yet to cast an actual Jew as Jesus, but it's inching closer. Each of the new Jesus shows drew big ratings, which means you'll likely see more.
In Neolithic times, trepanation was thought to be a cure for everything from epilepsy to migraines. Obsidian is a type of volcanic glass that can produce cutting edges many times finer than steel. Even today, surgeons are using obsidian scalpels.
Hundreds of music retailers will hold events to commemorate Record Store Day. Record stores are cultural institutions that celebrate music history and nurture local music scene. Some stores will host live performances, drawings, book signings.
Ernst Haas was an Austrian photographer who was a member of the Magnum Photos cooperative. He was a regular on movie sets in the '50s and '60s. He died in 1986 in 1986.
Robert Bates is accused of fatally shooting a man he says he meant to subdue with a Taser. He has said the shooting was accidental. A judge grants him permission to go to the Bahamas for a family vacation during the hearing.
Fatu Kekula, 23, is studying nursing at Emory University in Atlanta. She's learning skills she can take back to Liberia to care for her Ebola-stricken family. A CNN story in September prompted donations from around the world to help her pay for education.
Ben and Shelby Offrink were married and raising two children when Shelby was diagnosed with brain cancer. Ben's Hodgkins lymphoma reappeared in August 2014. He is now awaiting a bone marrow transplant.
Hospitals are trying to improve the quality of their gowns to improve their bottom lines. The Cleveland Clinic introduced new gowns in 2010. The Henry Ford Health System is in the process of updating its gowns. New gowns can be expensive.
At least five police cars were damaged by people who smashed windows and jumped on them. 12 people were arrested, police commissioner says. Vandals broke and damaged storefront windows and trashed one 7-Eleven, police say.
Swiss physicist Jean-Pierre Wolf is working on using laser beams to affect the weather. Laser seeding is a cleaner version of cloud seeding, a form of weather modification. Laser could be used to "repair" the weather, he says.
Most of those released were women and children; the rest were ill or elderly. The freed Yazidis were received by Peshmerga, who sent them to Irbil. It wasn't immediately clear what motivated Wednesday's release.
Dr. Anthony Moschetto's attorney calls allegations against his client "completely unsubstantiated" Two other men have been named as accomplices in the case. Authorities say they were involved in a failed plot to take out a rival doctor on Long Island.
Questions have arisen about the identity of the girl who Dr. Sanjay Gupta helped operate on. Gupta helped doctors at Bir Hospital in Kathmandu perform a craniotomy in a makeshift operating room. More than 4,300 were killed in Nepal by the 7.8-magnitude quake.
Jackson Gordon is a 21-year-old industrial design student at Philadelphia University. He has created a full suit of armor plating, cape and cowl made from Kevlar. Gordon is also an expert in Shaolin Kung Fu and martial arts.
A year after ISIS became a household name in America, U.S. prosecutions of would-be recruits have exploded. At least 25 people have been detained since January, including nine in Minnesota.
The Red Cross opens a blood bank in Kathmandu. The U.S. government is providing $1 million in immediate assistance to Nepal. India sends 10 more aid flights, 10 helicopters to assist in search-and-rescue efforts, officials say.
A total of 47 bodies have been exhumed from two of the 11 mass graves discovered in Tikrit. Up to 1,700 bodies may be recovered. ISIS claimed to have executed soldiers.
Rishi Khanal's survival is unusual, as it's rare for injured people to hold out for more than 72 hours. A 4-month-old baby is rescued from a destroyed building 22 hours after the quake, Kathmandu Today reports.
Mary Jane Veloso's mother: "We are so happy, so happy. I thought I had lost my daughter already but God is so good" Her family was returning from what they thought was their final visit to the prison when they heard news.
More than 100 people were arrested in New York during a "NYC Rise Up & Shut It Down With Baltimore" rally. Denver police arrested 11 people for charges such as assaulting a police officer, robbery, resisting police. Baltimore Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake considering lifting curfew.
NEW: Denver police report nine arrests in Wednesday's demonstrations. NEW: More than 60 people were arrested in New York on Wednesday. In Washington, about 500 protesters march in support of Baltimore protesters.
Zuriel Oduwole is a 12-year-old filmmaker who has made four documentaries on African issues. She is self-taught and uses online editing and voice software. Her most recent film, "A Promising Africa," was released.
L'Hermione is a painstaking replica of an 18th century French frigate that fought in the War of Independence. It set sail in France on Saturday for Virginia to retrace a journey through American history. President Obama calls France "our Nation's oldest ally" in letter.
Over 4,400 dead, 8,000 injured and 8 million people across Nepal affected by earthquake. Nepal relies on only one international airport to receive and deliver aid. Several aircraft carrying essential supplies have been turned away, or diverted to India and elsewhere.
The ACLU of Southern California says it is "deeply troubled" by the images. The FBI says it will investigate whether civil rights were violated in the beating. Ten deputies involved in the case have been put on paid administrative leave, the sheriff says.
The Sewol sank on April 16, killing 304 people, mostly high school students. South Korea's President Park Geun-hye calls for the salvage of the Sewol's wreck "as soon"
Typhoon Maysak is moving west-northwest after skirting the Federated States of Micronesia. Its eye is projected to make landfall in the central or northern part of the Philippine island of Luzon on Sunday. The storm is expected to weaken further.
Katie Donovan and Dalton Prager fell in love on Facebook. They were diagnosed with cystic fibrosis and needed lung transplants. They met in person for the first time in August, 2014.
 Assyrians are a Middle Eastern minority with a history reaching back more than 4,000 years. Assyrians belong to the rapidly dwindling Christian population of Iraq. Many among them see the fight with ISIS as a final battle for survival against the Islamists. So far, the militia has only assembled and trained 40 fighters so far.
Two African-American candidates win their wards to make the six-member City Council 50% black. It was the first city election since white police Officer Darren Wilson shot and killed unarmed black teenager Michael Brown in August in Ferguson.
Pope Francis uses the word "genocide" to refer to mass killings of Armenians a century ago under the Ottoman Empire. Turkey recalls its ambassador to the Vatican for "consultations" after Francis' comments. Turkey denies that a genocide took place, starting in 1915 in 1915.
NEW: Police chief: "I was sickened by what I saw and I have not watched it since" Walter Scott's brother, Anthony Scott, says his brother was "running for his life" Slager is "terminated" from the force, North Charleston Mayor Keith Summey says.
Noelle Velentzas, 28, and Asia Siddiqui, 31, are accused of plotting terror attacks in the U.S. They were held without bond and ordered to appear in court on May 4. They face life.
Sabra Dipping Co. recalls 30,000 cases of hummus due to possible contamination with Listeria. No illnesses have been reported from the hummus. The recall is voluntary and no illnesses reported.
UNRWA: "Never has the hour been more desperate in the Palestine refugee camp of Yarmouk" Syria's state-run news agency reports up to 2,000 people have fled in two days.
At least 10 Iraqi security forces were killed in the attacks, an Iraqi official says. Ramadi has seen intense and persistent fighting for months. ISIS took over parts of the western city in the first half of 2014.
Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi arrives in Tikrit to claim victory. Iraqi forces dismantle hundreds of IEDs. Iraqi security says ISIS militants are hiding inside houses hoping to escape in the dark.
Julian Zelizer: Hillary Clinton is famous enough by now to go by one name, but should she? He says we call her by her first name four times more than her 2008 rival, Barack Obama. He says it's important for the American public to be able to imagine electing a leader not despite her gender.
At least three people shot in separate incidents in Ferguson, Missouri. Two people were shot in the neck and another in the leg. Three police vehicles were damaged by rocks during unrest.
"He was outgoing -- loved everybody," Walter Scott's brother tells CNN's Don Lemon. "All the family loves him, and his kids loved him," Anthony Scott says of his brother. Walter Scott served in the Coast Guard before being honorably discharged.
The Red Cross calls for an immediate 24-hour ceasefire in Yemen. The U.N. Security Council meets to discuss the situation in the Arabian Peninsula nation. The Red Cross says a pause is needed especially in and near the southern Yemeni port city of Aden, where fighting.
Al-Shabaab militants have launched a series of deadly attacks over the last few years in the region mostly targeting Christians. Many of the math and science teachers in this area are Christian. In April, the group massacred 147 people at Garissa University in Kenya.
The 25-1 outsider Many Clouds wins the Grand National by a length and a half. Leighton Aspell becomes first jockey since 1950s to ride back-to-back winners. AP McCoy finishes fifth in the race.
Blackwater sniper Nicholas Slatten is sentenced to life in prison. Paul Slough, Evan Liberty and Dustin Heard are sentenced to 30 years each, plus one day. Slatten was accused of firing the first shots. 17 people were killed in 2007.
An unidentified male walked through a public area on the west front of the Capitol early Saturday afternoon and shot himself, police say. The lockdown was lifted about 3:50 p.m. ET and pedestrian traffic was allowed to return.
"Furious 7" producers hired a Lockheed C-130 Hercules to fly five cars 12,000 feet high, open a cargo door and parachute them out. The Hercules is the oldest continuously produced family of military planes in history.
Some 2,500 people have been evacuated from Yemen's capital, Sanaa. They are being flown to Djibouti, a small African nation 430 kilometers away. Some are fleeing on boats and boats.
At least 147 people, many of them students, were killed at Garissa University College. The Al-Shabaab terror group stormed a Christian prayer service, killing some students, taking others hostage, a witness says.
Lane Bryant has launched an ad campaign for its Cacique lingerie line. The campaign is a not-so-subtle dig at Victoria's Secret and its Angels line.
A grand jury in Dallas County, Texas, decides not to indict two officers in the fatal shooting of Jason Harrison. The officers are still facing a wrongful death lawsuit from Harrison's family. The incident occurred in June and was videotaped.
NASA scientist: "I think we're going to have strong indications of life beyond Earth within a decade" Ex-astronaut John Grunsfeld says it's just a matter of time before we find life outside our solar system as well.
A TV series based on the 1999 sci-fi film "Galaxy Quest" is in the works. The film's scribe Robert Gordon is expected to write the TV version and executive produce.
A drone carrying traces of a radioactive material was found on the roof of Japan's equivalent to the White House. Police say the drone was equipped with a small camera, smoke flares and a plastic bottle.
The Statue of Liberty and Liberty Island will reopen to the public Saturday. A bomb threat that led to its evacuation was declared unfounded. The NYPD bomb squad examined a locker thought to contain a suspicious package.
Despite recent gains, only 126,000 jobs were added last month, the lowest since December 2013. Writers: Too much job growth is in part-time low-income work. They say major fast-food chains, retailers use "just-in-time" scheduling to maximize profit. Conservatives should embrace work-schedule.
New South China Mall is the biggest shopping mall in the world. Opened in 2005, it has been an embarrassment for its owners and China. It was classified by industry analysts as a "dead mall" and an unflattering symbol.
"I sincerely apologize," Patrick Cherry tells WNBC's Jonathan Dienst. Cherry is an NYPD detective assigned to the FBI's Joint Terrorism Task Force with top-secret security clearance.
Brian Rogers and Caitlin McGuire own the Breckenridge Cannabis Club, a recreational marijuana dispensary. Colorado became the first state in the nation to allow the sale of recreational marijuana in 2014. The couple's journey to build a legal marijuana empire is documented in the new CNN Original Series "High Profits" Sunday night.
Brynn Duncan, 21, has mast cell disease, which affects her immune system. Scientists don't know what causes the disease, but mutations in mast cells may make some children more susceptible to developing the mutations.
Hundreds of thousands of Brazilians are taking to the streets in protests against President Dilma Rousseff. Protesters say she should be impeached for failing to halt the corruption at Petrobras. Rousseff's approval rating plummeted.
Kenyans gather in Nairobi's Uhuru Park to remember the victims of a terrorist attack. The attack at a university in Garissa on Thursday killed 147 people, mostly students.
April marks a decade on death row for Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran. They are part of the so-called "Bali Nine" They are waiting to learn whether they will be put to death by firing squad.
UNICEF says 800,000 children have been forced to flee their homes in Nigeria. More than 1.5 million people have fled their homes due to the violence. UNICEF releases a report on the crisis titled "Missing Childhoods"
CNN's Nick Paton Walsh visits a regional logistics hub for the Afghan police force in Jalalabad. The facility was originally intended to resupply the entire east of the country with uniforms, ammunition, even fuel for vehicles. The project has been handed between rotations of U.S. officers and is perhaps a little distant from its first conception.
UltraHaptics' technology creates tactile three-dimensional shapes literally out of thin air using ultrasound. The company's CTO sees potential in merging virtual reality and touch technology. The technology could change the way we interact with electronic devices as well as virtual reality.
Google rolls out Pac-Man game for April Fools' Day. The game is easy to play on your desktop browser. Google has been known for its impish April pranks.
Aaron Hernandez is on trial for murder in the death of Odin Lloyd. Hernandez is known for his swagger and confidence in court. Jury deliberations resume Wednesday in his murder trial. He is accused of killing Lloyd in June 2013.
Laura Bernardini is a director of coverage at CNN's Washington bureau. She's a lifelong Catholic, but she's never read the Bible from Genesis to Revelation. Bernardini will chronicle her reading of the Bible every week.
China has launched a smartphone app starring its current leader, President Xi Jinping. The app features the latest news about Xi and allows users to access the traditional texts he quotes from. It's unclear how many people have downloaded the app, which is available on Apple's App Store.
Freberg died of natural causes at a Santa Monica hospital. He was known as the "Che Guevara of advertising" and a "guerilla satirist" Freberg also was known for his musical parodies.
Kenyatta declares three days of national mourning for the victims of the attack. Al-Shabaab warns more carnage is coming as it promises "another bloodbath" in Kenya. President Kenyatta condemns "corruption of the worst and most criminal kind"
Santorum says he'd hoped Indiana Gov. Mike Pence would veto the "fix" to his state's religious freedom law. The law unleashed an intense backlash against Indiana, led by tech giants like Apple and sports organizations like the NCAA.
Singer-songwriter Joni Mitchell hospitalized in Southern California. Paramedics were called to her home around 2:30 p.m. PT Tuesday. Mitchell, 71, was inducted in 1997.
An experienced climbing group from the Indian army plans to trek up Mount Everest. The team will pick up at least 4,000 kilograms (more than 8,000 pounds) of waste. The mountain is part of the Himalaya.
Netanyahu has been perhaps the most vocal critic of nuclear talks with Iran. He took his case to the U.S. Congress last month, over the objections of President Barack Obama. Netanyahu has lobbied hard for a deal that dismantles and disassembles Iran.
Holland America Line says two guests were found dead inside their stateroom on the ms Ryndam. The ship left Tampa, Florida, on March 29 on a 14-day cruise.
Hassan Rouhani: "We can cooperate with the world" "We do not lie," Iran's President Hassan Rouhani says of the nuclear deal. He says Iran will stick to its promises, assuming other countries live up to their end of the bargain. The framework deal was agreed upon Thursday.
Tornadoes, fierce winds and severe thunderstorms with large hail are predicted for the Midwest and Plains. Severe weather is perilous anytime, but tornado conditions are more dangerous during the night, meteorologist says.
Tornadoes, fierce winds and severe thunderstorms with large hail are predicted for the Midwest and Plains. Severe weather is perilous anytime, but tornado conditions are more dangerous during the night, meteorologist says.
Sierra Sharry and Lane Smith were about to become parents when Smith fell and hit his head. The couple asked a photographer to make their 6-month family picture complete by editing Smith's face into it.
Al-Shabaab opened fire at a college campus in Garissa on Thursday, killing 147 people. Many Kenyans say security is still not tight enough. The answer is elusive, experts and politicians say.
Nigeria has the highest number of people in modern slavery of any sub-Saharan country. 8 million children are currently engaged in forced labor in the country. Concerns growing that orphaned children could end up in the hands of the terror group Boko Haram.
Regina Agyare is a tech entrepreneur teaching local girls how to code in Nima, a slum in Accra, Ghana. Achievers Ghana supports 250 girls between the age of six and 18, priming them for formal education. The group provides school funding to help the girls shape their future.
The controversy over Indiana's religious freedom law drives a wedge. The debate over religious freedom and gay rights is always heated. Here are five things you might not have considered when thinking about this controversy. Indiana's version of the law.
Alan Dershowitz was accused of having sex with minors with help from billionaire Jeffrey Epstein. Buckingham Palace denied the allegations, which surfaced in a court filing in January. Judge Kenneth Marra says "lurid details" of alleged abuse were unnecessary for lawsuit.
The Dalniy Vostok freezer trawler went down in the Sea of Okhotsk within 15 minutes of getting into difficulties. Of the 132 people on board, 78 were Russians; 54 others were foreign nationals from Myanmar and Ukraine.
Tuesday's self-imposed deadline on Iran's nuclear program didn't really matter anyway. The date that really counts is June 30, when the parties must figure out a comprehensive deal. The sides have made progress in recent days.
Germanwings Flight 9525 crashed into the French Alps after its co-pilot allegedly ignored warnings. Experts are calling for enhanced crash avoidance software that could take control of an aircraft away from a pilot. The technology would work in a fashion similar to crash avoidance technology.
Gov. Mike Pence said Tuesday that Indiana will "fix" the Religious Freedom Restoration Act, or RFRA. Julian Zelizer: The easy way to fix Indiana's RFRA is to add an amendment codifying that discrimination against the LGBT community is harmful, and that there is a government interest.
Frida Ghitis: Holy Week is a time when Christians reflect upon the crucifixion and resurrection of our Lord. Ghitis says Christians are being targeted for their faith alone by religious extremists. She says Iraq's Nineveh Plain has been emptied of its ancient Christianity community, which existed 1,500 years.
For the first time in Nigeria's history, the opposition defeated the ruling party in democratic elections. Muhammadu Buhari's win comes after a long history of military rule, coups and botched attempts at democracy in the country's history.
"Furious 7" is expected to gross $115 million or more when opening at the North American box office this weekend. It is the widest release in Universal's history. Overseas, the movie is also poised to do massive business.
"We're in a new era," Gov. Jerry Brown says. The 25% cut in usage amounts to roughly 1.5 million acre-feet of water over the next nine months. The reduction in water use does not apply to the agriculture industry, however.
McDonald's announces it will raise wages for 90,000 of its employees by $1 an hour. Frida Ghitis: The move is a victory for fast-food workers and those of us who support them. Ghitis says it's time for the corporation to find a way to pay wages for everyone working in its restaurants.
Iranians erupt in celebration after nuclear deal with U.S., other world powers. Young people waved flags, blasted music and chatted online with the hashtag #IranTalks. Some Iranians celebrated by snapping selfies.
Some fans of Lucille Ball want her statue removed from a park in her hometown. They say the "ugly" likeness does not do justice to the "I Love Lucy" star. The statue has been likened to Conway Twitty, the snake from "Beetlejuice"
A fourth man has been indicted in connection with a plot to provide material support to terrorists. Dilkhayot Kasimov was added to a superseding indictment. Three previously arrested men have pleaded not guilty to the charges.
The moon slipped fully into Earth's shadow at 4:58 a.m. Pacific Time Saturday. It was the third in a series of four lunar eclipses in a row. The next one is expected to come September 28.
British voters go to the polls on Thursday to elect a new prime minister. The election could result in the handing of power from David Cameron's Conservative government to the Labour Party. The elections are run on a "first-past-the-post" basis in Britain.
Millions of Turks were left confused and concerned by the power outage. The collapse of much of the country's energy grid triggered a burst of wild conspiracy theories.
The emails were obtained by the Washington Post on Thursday after a public records request. They were discovered during a U.S. Justice Department investigation of racial prejudice in Ferguson. Three city employees resigned or were fired over the emails.
Andrew Getty's death "appears to be natural (causes) or an accident," coroner's office says. His mother and father ask for privacy. A female friend was at the home where Getty died and is cooperating.
Frida Ghitis: Andreas Lubitz case raises larger and important issues about mental illness and stigma. She says people with mental illness have been regarded by others as disasters waiting to happen. Ghitis says we need to understand mental illness as an illness and not a personal failing. We need to build awareness and support.
Britain's Prince Harry arrives in Australia to spend four weeks with the country's military. The 30-year-old prince will report for duty in Sydney, Darwin and Perth. He will meet wounded, injured and ill service.
Kankakee County, Illinois, Sheriff Tim Bukowski: "You just get a feeling that something's not right" when you see a tattoo on a suspect. The name tattooed on his neck -- Gertrude -- gave authorities away. Authorities had been looking for Kamron Taylor since early Wednesday, when he jumped a correctional officer.
Kenya launched airstrikes targeting Al-Shabaab bases in Somalia, a military source says. Two of the airstrikes hit training camps, a Somali resident says. Kenya's rapid response team was stuck in Nairobi for hours after the Garissa attack.
Mike Premeau and Kathy Danke launched Memories Gourmet Pizza Co. in Wisconsin two years ago. People began mistaking them for Memories Pizza of Walkerton, Indiana. The two businesses are in separate states and almost 300 miles apart.
Two people, one of them a licensed greyhound trainer, arrested in Australia. At least 55 dog carcasses found dumped in Queensland bush. Queensland police minister calls crime "mass murder" Australia's greyhound racing industry under intense scrutiny.
Initial tests show co-pilot Andreas Lubitz purposely used the controls to speed up the plane's descent, BEA says. The flight data recorder, or "black box," was found Thursday by recovery teams scouring the French Alps.
Prince Harry is due to arrive Monday in Australia for a four-week stint with the armed forces there. He has already spent time with Australian troops on a number of occasions during his 10-year military career. He began his formal military duties in 2005.
Freddie Gray died in police custody 15 days ago after he was arrested on a weapons charge. His death from a severe spinal chord injury sparked widespread outrage toward the Baltimore Police Department. His funeral was Saturday.
Skeleton of a camel thought to have been used by Ottoman troops besieging Vienna in 17th century found in Austria. Ottoman troops had besieged the area around Tulln in 1683 as they tried to reach Vienna, but city had never been conquered by them.
Two Florida corrections officers and one former officer trainee charged in plot to kill a former inmate. FBI informant met the men after infiltrating a branch of the KKK. The FBI staged a fake homicide scene with the suspects.
The P5+1 reached a framework agreement with Iran over the country's nuclear program. The talks this week were historic, particularly for the otherwise frozen U.S.-Iranian relationship. But the site of these negotiations is also a gilded cage.
This page includes the show Transcript. Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary. At the bottom of the page, comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News.  You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student news Roll Call.
Missouri National Guard used highly militarized language to describe protesters in Ferguson, documents show. Guardsman used terms such as "enemy forces" and "adversaries" to refer to protesters, according to documents obtained by CNN.
Australian Foreign Minister Julie Bishop says the deal is "an informal arrangement" with an emphasis on tracking Australians who go to Iraq to fight for ISIS. One Australian lawmaker reportedly described the move as "dancing with the devil"
Environmentalist group Sea Shepherd had been tailing the Thunder since it encountered it in the Southern Ocean several months ago. The chase ended early Monday in the Gulf of Guinea, off the coast of west Africa. Crew rescued from the ship handed over to Sao Tome coastguard.
NEW: Al-Shabaab claims responsibility for Monday's attack. Four of the victims were foreigners and two were Somalis, police chief says. The bomb went off as a vehicle was taking workers from their guest house to their office. The bomber also died.
Blended learning program merges Internet-based instruction with a more traditional classroom setting. One-third of Huntley High School's 2,700 students are enrolled in the program. It allows teachers to write the curriculum, with students giving feedback.
Charlie Hill has lived in exile in Cuba for 43 years. He faces charges that he killed a New Mexico police officer and hijacked an airliner. Hill, now 65, wants to return to the U.S. He says he may extradite himself to face charges.
Misao Okawa was born on March 5, 1898. She died Wednesday morning in Osaka, Japan. The oldest person ever was Jeanne Louise Calment, who died at age 122 in 1997.
Pope Francis spoke at the end of Easter Mass. He lamented the suffering of people in the conflicts currently making headlines. He asked that bloodshed end in Iraq and Syria and that humanitarian aid get to those in need.
A noose was found hanging from a tree near a student center at 2 a.m. Wednesday. Hundreds of people gathered at a forum on the steps of Duke Chapel, close to where the noose.
Muhanad Mahmoud Al Farekh, 29, was deported from Pakistan to the United States. He's accused of plotting to fight against American forces abroad. He did not enter a plea during his initial court appearance Thursday in Brooklyn.
Four terrorists are killed in the Garissa University College attack, Kenya's interior minister says. 147 people are dead, including 147 students and staff. Al-Shabaab, a Somalia-based terror group, has claimed responsibility for the attack.
A border guard is killed in a cross-boundary fire exchange with militants in Yemen, state-run Saudi Press Agency reports. Houthi rebels seize the presidential palace in the southern Yemeni port city of Aden, a neutral security official says.
A New York judge says Facebook is an acceptable way for a woman to serve her husband with a divorce summons. Ellanora Arthur Baidoo has been trying to divorce her husband for several years. Her husband has refused to make himself available to be served.
This page includes the show Transcript. Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary. At the bottom of the page, comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News. You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student news Roll Call, Roll Call.
David Cameron, Ed Miliband, Nick Clegg, Nigel Farage, Nicola Sturgeon and Leanne Wood took part in the UK election debate. David Cameron is probably wise to have refused all invitations to go head-to-head with Miliband alone. Cameron is curiously short on passion, Miliband is using the "i" word too much, he says.
This page includes the show Transcript. Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary. At the bottom of the page, comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News.  You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student news Roll Call. The Weekly Newsquiz tests students' knowledge of events in the news.
Al Marmoum camel race is an ancient tradition in the region of the UAE. The camels race for thousands of dollars in prize money and fancy cars for their owners. Remote controlled robots have replaced children as camel jockeys.
More than 200 Nigerian schoolgirls were snatched from their boarding school dormitories in the dead of night in Chibok, northeastern Nigeria. Malala: We should all feel shame that we live in a world where the lives of young girls can be shattered with impunity.
Italian physician Dr. Sergio Canavero is working on a plan to put an entire head on a human body. The first patient will be a 30-year-old Russian man with a rare genetic disorder called Werdnig-Hoffman.
Gregory Margolin, 87, was a sniper in the Soviet Red Army during World War II. He and his family fled the war-torn region of Eastern Ukraine to Israel in March. A stray missile hit his house, killing his daughter Ira Margolin.
Al Qaeda offers 20 kilograms of gold to anyone who kills or captures Houthi leader Abdelmalik Bedrudin Al-Houthi. At least 540 people -- including 311 civilians -- have died as a result of the fighting in Yemen.
The Islamist militant group Al-Shabaab is responsible for the attack, group spokesman says. Four Somali soldiers and eight civilians were killed. The attack killed at least 12 people and injured 16 others.
World heavyweight boxing champion Wladimir Klitschko speaks to CNN from his Miami training base. Ukrainian says he is shocked and upset by the ongoing crisis in his homeland. He is the reigning IBF, WBA, WBO and IBO champion of the heavyweight division.
Anthony Ray Hinton spent nearly 30 years on Alabama's death row. He was convicted of killing two men, but he always said he was innocent. A new trial was ordered in 2014 after evidence was ruled inconclusive.
Norwegians will become the first in the world to phase out FM radio entirely. The move will save the country $25 million. Half the country already listens to digital radio.
O.C. Marsh first named the Brontosaurus in 1879, after he received 25 crates of bones from Como Bluff, Wyoming. Paleontologist Elmer Riggs concluded in 1903 that the dinosaur was really a young Apatosaurus.
NEW: Doug Hughes' first appearance in court is scheduled for Thursday. NEW: "My flight is not a secret," Hughes wrote on a website before landing on Capitol lawn. Hughes' friend says he wanted to "make a statement" about campaign finance laws in Washington.
 scores of dead fish have appeared in the Rodrigo de Freitas lagoon in Rio de Janeiro ahead of the 2016 Olympics. An investigation has been launched into the causes of death. The city hosts the Games' rowing and canoe competitions.
Anthony Stokes carjacked someone, burglarized a home and shot at an elderly woman, police say. Stokes died after hitting a pole after losing control of his car, hitting a pedestrian and then a pole.
Saudi special forces are on the ground in noncombat roles, source says. Houthi rebels withdraw from the presidential palace and other key parts of Aden. U.S. Navy warships are patrolling off Yemen in search of suspicious shipping in the region, official says.
Dan Swangard was diagnosed with a rare form of metastatic cancer in 2013. He joined a California lawsuit seeking to let doctors prescribe lethal medications to terminally ill patients. The right-to-die movement has gained renewed momentum.
Mitchelle Angela Blair is charged with killing her then 13-year-old daughter, Stoni Ann Blair, and her son, Stephen Gage Berry. The bodies were found wrapped in plastic inside the freezer by a bailiff March 24.
A decade ago, concepts like "sustainable farming," "animal welfare" and "organic food" were considered fringe. The rise in consumer knowledge has led to an increased demand for sustainably sourced food that is healthier and tastes better. Congress should vote against the DARK Act, says Food Policy Action.
Michael Keaton hosted "Saturday Night Live" for the third time this weekend. The actor paid homage to his roles in "Beetlejuice" and "Batman" in his opening monologue.
The 750-piece collection, which fetched a total of $3.64 million, featured bronze sculptures, jewelry, and a number of decorative arts and paintings. Bacall died in August 2014 at the age of 89.
NEW: A $5,000 reward is being offered for information leading to his arrest. Kamron Taylor, 23, was convicted of murder in February. He was set to be sentenced in May. Authorities don't know how he managed to get out of his cell. He beat up a correctional officer and stole his car keys.
Thieves broke into vault of Hatton Garden Safe Deposit Ltd. over the past holiday weekend. They got away with hundreds of thousands of pounds worth of gems and cash. One former police official estimates the haul could be as much as $300 million.
Frida Ghitis: Ayatollah Khomeini famously said he was "drinking poison" when he ended the war with Iraq in 1989. Ghitis says Iran's defiance to halt its controversial nuclear program has defined Khameni's era. She says the agreement reached in Lausanne, Switzerland, marks a new chapter in the country's history.
Seven people have been killed in recent violence against poorer immigrants. The United Nations says the attacks began in March after a labor dispute between citizens and foreign workers. The unemployment rate in South Africa is 25%, according to government figures.
South Africa marks the anniversary of the first post-apartheid elections held that day in 1994. Attacks against African migrants are often reduced to attitudes of hate and resentment towards other black Africans. Migrants are scapegoated for the persistent legacy of apartheid in the post-liberation era.
CNN's John Sutter looks at the Everglades as a place that represents the folly of man and the cost of redemption. Sutter: Without this swamp, there can be no "good life" in Florida. After a century of development, half the swamp is dead and the other half.
Surveillance video appears to show Det. Ian Cyrus stashing cash in a bag before leaving a Brooklyn store. The detectives had arrested two employees for selling loose cigarettes, News 12 Brooklyn reports.
Authors: U.S. has gained much from its position as a space-faring nation. They say we are far too reliant on Russian technology to meet our national security obligations. The Ukraine crisis should have served as a wake-up call, they say. Authors: It is time to end reliance on Russia's rocket engine.
TripAdvisor names Providenciales, Turks and Caicos as world's top island. Ambergris Caye dropped out of the top 10 for the second year in a row. Only two more of 2014's top 10 islands appear.
Sustainable development is a doctrine that says: Let us once again place the economy on a true moral foundation and keep greed within bounds. The idea of sustainable development is that an economy must satisfy all three principles: economic growth, social fairness and environmental sustainability. This balanced approach is much harder to achieve.
Nearly 300 schoolgirls were abducted by Boko Haram on April 14, 2014. Malala Yousafzai calls on the Nigerian government to do more to rescue the girls. The Nobel Peace Prize winner survived an attack by the Taliban.
Two African-Americans are elected to the Ferguson City Council. It's the first city election since Michael Brown was killed by a white police officer last August. There's widespread feeling, especially in the African-American community, that low turnout will hurt turnout.
Iran and six world powers agree to continue nuclear negotiations under a "joint comprehensive plan of action" It paves the way for a much broader deal by end of June that guarantees the peaceful nature of Tehran's nuclear activities. The deal represents the biggest chance of rapprochement between Tehran and Washington.
Eight Iranian border guards have been killed in clashes with militants near the border with Pakistan. Three of the militants were killed by Iranian forces. A militant group called Jaish al Adal claimed responsibility.
Details of the plot for 2016's "Star Wars: Rogue One" were revealed Sunday. Director Gareth Edwards showed an early teaser for the movie. Felicity Jones will play a rebel soldier.
Medical records reveal Andreas Lubitz was suicidal at one time, prosecutor's spokesman says. Investigators have not found any writings or conversations where Lubitz confessed to any plans. Lubitz passed his annual pilot recertification medical examination in summer 2014, a German aviation source says.
LZ Granderson: Retired Rep. Barney Frank joked about a California ballot proposal to legalize killing gay people. He says the phrase "we're winning" is a phrase we've heard a lot recently as it pertains to LGBT rights. Granderson says the 2016 election looks like a replay of Pat Buchanan's cultural war.
Yarmouk, the largest Palestinian refugee camp in Syria, was formed in 1957 to accommodate people fleeing the Arab-Israeli conflict. The camp has been engulfed in fighting between the Syrian government and armed groups since December 2012. As many as 5,000 people have tried to flee their homes since ISIS stormed camp.
Since civil war broke out, 310,000 people have been killed in Syria, opposition group says. U.N. puts death toll at 70,000 last year, U.S. says. Food rations are being cut for lack of donations.
China's cybercensors have long used a "Great Firewall" to block citizens' access to Western news sites. But they've developed a new IT weapon called the "Great Cannon" It blasts targeted Web servers with massive distributed denial of service.
"Our fighters will not evacuate from the main cities or the government institutions," rebel leader says. "Anyone who thinks we will surrender is dreaming," he says. More than 700 people have been killed in violence that shows no sign of slowing since March.
Police say a 37-year-old Arab motorist struck two people standing at a bus stop in Jerusalem. One victim, 26, died at the hospital; another woman remains in serious condition.
Oleg Kalashnikov, a former member of parliament, was shot and killed Wednesday. Oles Buzyna, a Ukrainian journalist, was killed near his home on Thursday.
Charles Alasholuyi has been posting his daily photo of the missing girls on CNN iReport since they went missing. The marketing professional and father-of-three has held up a sign featuring the #BringBackOurGirls hashtag every day for a year. He says he doesn't want anyone to forget about the girls and the struggles their families are facing every day.
The new law will take effect in six months. It will give legal weight to cohabiting relationships between two people of the same sex. The law is intended to end discrimination faced by common-law couples.
Airstrikes that hit a camp for displaced persons near Sanaa kill at least 29 people, aid group says. Airstrikes have destroyed air defense systems of the Houthis and supporters of Yemen's longtime President Ali Abdullah Saleh, source says.
Ailina Tsarnaeva is the sister of Dzhokhar and Tamerlan Tsarnaev. Authorities allege the brothers are responsible for the 2013 Boston marathon bombing. She is charged with making bomb threats, which she denies. Closing arguments are expected Monday morning.
Al-Shabaab is a Somali group that the U.S. designated as a foreign terrorist organization in 2008. It wants to turn Somalia into a fundamentalist Islamic state. The group has been blamed for attacks in Somalia that have killed international aid workers and journalists.
A door bearing a graffiti drawing by British artist Banksy is seized by police in Gaza. The owner of the door says he sold it for $175 U.S. without realizing its value. The door will remain in the possession of the Khan Younis police until a court hearing.
On April 19, 1995, Timothy McVeigh detonated a massive truck bomb in front of the Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma City. The attack remains the deadliest act of domestic terrorism in U.S. history. Peter Bergen: The public became aware of the true danger of the extreme right.
University of Cape Town students took to social media to demand Cecil Rhodes' statue come down. #RhodesMustFall gained attention after activists threw excrement on the statue. The statue was first unveiled in 1934.
London Ambulance Service had answered 2,333 calls by 4am this morning while the Metropolitan Police said they had made 77 arrests. Staff were answering 10 calls every minute just after midnight and 55 people in the capital were taken to hospital. In Cambridge a Territorial Army field hospital was set-up to deal with drunk partygoers. City centres descended into violence as fights broke out and revellers.
David Moore, 25, went berserk with road rage after leaving his home in Burnley, Lancashire. Found himself bumper-to-bumper with Rafal Cegielka, 45, who was picking up his child from school. Pair had both wound down their car windows to exchange words outside St John's Primary School. Moore then jumped out and punched him through open car window .
UEFA has opened disciplinary proceedings against the Georgian Football Federation. Fans twice invaded the field of play during Sunday's 2-0 defeat by Germany in Tbilisi . UEFA's Control, Ethics and Disciplinary Body will decide case on May 21. Scotland face Georgia in a Euro 2016 qualifier at the Boris Paichadze Stadium on September 4  .
Holland beat Spain 2-0 in a friendly at the Amsterdam Arena on Tuesday night. Stefan de Vrij and Davy Klaassen scored first-half goals in the morale-boosting victory. But manager Guus Hiddink slammed home fans for booing Iniesta.
New regulations on becoming a football agent come into effect on April 1. Anyone can become an agent as long as they pay £500 for an initial one-year registration period. The FA will then charge £250 for every subsequent year of renewal  .
Spain lost 2-0 to Holland in a friendly at the Amsterdam Arena on Tuesday. Vicente del Bosque fielded a largely experimental, second-string team. Gerard Pique insists he is not worried about a third straight friendly defeat for Spain  .
Simon Mignolet was dropped 'indefinitely' by Brendan Rodgers in December after poor run of form. The Liverpool goalkeeper has been in impressive form since his return and has kept six consecutive Premier League clean sheets away from home  .
Twitter user Arke USA from Bryant, Arkansas, filmed the ice balls peppering his backyard and noisily plopping into the swimming pool. Footage shows the hailstones coming down at speed, with many cracking as they hit the ground. Other social media users have also been sharing pictures of hail.
Maksims Uvarenko has not been paid by CSKA Sofia since joining the club in January. Latvian goalkeeper has had to ask his parents to send him money to pay his rent on his Sofia apartment.
Ulrike Berger, 44, is barred by a court order from leaving the country with seven-year-old Kaia. But on March 22, a day after the little girl was dropped off for a weekend visit, they boarded a plane .
The Liana's Ransom lost power around 12.35 a.m. on Monday and was adrift 30 miles off the coast of Portland, Maine. Crew members were forced to abandon the vessel after 10-foot swells caused a tow line to break. Nine crew members were rescued by Coast Guard life boats on Tuesday.
The incident occurred during the first period of Tuesday's game between the Red Wings and the Senators. While battling for the puck, Ottawa's Mark Stone lost his balance and lifted his skate backwards in an arc, catching Miller just under his visor. Miller exited the ice under his own power before medical staff rushed him to receive treatment, including stitches .
Incident happened last Saturday in Nanchang, the provincial capital of Jiangxi in southeastern China. According to his father, the boy most likely fell while sleepwalking. Doctors said that the boy did not have life-threatening injuries but his leg was hurt.
Rahul Kumar, 17, clambered over the enclosure fence at the Kamla Nehru Zoological Park in Ahmedabad. He shouted: 'Today I kill a lion or a lion kills me!' .
About half a dozen people were sitting on the roof of the vehicle on a road near Salé, Morocco. Terrifying footage of the incident was taken from a car following the van, which is understood to have been transporting football fans.
Hina Shamim, 21, was knocked down and killed as she walked to University of Kingston library last night. BMW M3 sportscar knocked her down before careering head-on into a double decker bus . The vehicle then span sideways and pinned Miss Shamim against a wall, killing her. The talented student was due to celebrate her 22nd birthday next week . Driver arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving .
Charlie Sumner, 20, staged a one-man pitch invasion at Reading's Madejski Stadium last month. He did four front flips on the pitch, landing on his back each time, before being tackled by stewards. The Reading supporter is now facing a potential three-year ban for carrying out the stunt  .
Firefighters spent six hours tackling flames up to 35ft high at the St Catherine's Hill nature reserve in Dorset. The fire was sparked by suspected arsonists in three locations and destroyed 70 hectares of heathland. Two schoolboys, aged 14 and 15, have been arrested on suspicion of deliberately starting three fires at the nature reserve .
Michael Thorpe, 55, was convicted of showing a Premier League game without an agreement with broadcasters. He says he could not afford to pay Sky TV's rates for football matches, so showed Albanian transmissions. He was convicted, fined and ordered to pay costs eight years ago in 2006 .
The elephant was relaxing in the Kruger National Park in South Africa with its family when the buffalo bull approached. It tried to squirt the bull with water stored up its trunk to get it to leave, but missed its target .
The images were taken in Jervis Bay, the south coast of NSW, as the neon glow illuminated one of Australia's popular beaches. Photographer Andy Hutchinson described the sight as a 'beautiful supernatural scene' caused by millions of plankton omitting light. A similar display was shown in Sydney's Manly Beach back in August 2014 .
Charlie Sumner staged a one-man pitch invasion during Reading's FA Cup quarter-final win. The 20-year-old did four front flips on the pitch and landed on his back before being tackled by stewards. He is now facing a potential three-year ban for carrying out the stunt .
Filipe Luis insists he wants to stay at Chelsea until the end of his contract. Atletico Madrid are considering re-signing the full back in the summer. Luis played for Brazil against France and Chile during international break.
England have been drawn with Holland, Italy and Ireland in Group D of UEFA Under 17 European Championships. John Peacock's Young Lions are the defending European champions. Scotland have been placed in Group C alongside Greece, Russia and France at the tournament .
Northern Ireland beat Finland 2-1 in Euro 2016 qualifying on Sunday night. Northern Ireland's Windsor Park suffered overnight damage to its West Stand on Monday night. The Irish FA is hoping the damage will not jeopardise the June 13 qualifier .
A mother and her teenage daughter have been arrested after a video of them fighting with a student at a high school was posted online. The pair were caught on camera at Langham Creek High School, in Houston on Tuesday. The mother was reportedly angry with the girl because she had allegedly been bullying.
Japanese photographer Yûki Aoyama's latest series of images capture po-faced teenagers next to their fathers leaping into the air. The images are from the 37-year-old's latest book which roughly translates into Daughter and Salary Man . WARNING: GRAPHIC.
Brittany Huber, 23, and John Redman, 25, were driving from Georgia to Alabama last May when Redman lost control of his car and smashed into a median, killing the bride on impact. Redman survived, but his body was shattered and he was left with a cracked skull and broken ribs. He was told he was likely to spend the rest of his life in a wheelchair and was confined to a wheelchair. But against overwhelming odds, he recovered and on March 24, he helped lead his team to its first-ever NAIA championship title .
The incident occurred at El Centro College and was captured on cell phone by student Charles Adams. The officers approached the high school students while they were waiting for a bus outside the downtown Dallas campus. The school reportedly won't say why the teens were stopped and frisked.
A bus driver was caught reading a newspaper while driving in Auckland, New Zealand. A passenger filmed the driver and sent the video to bus company Ritchies Coachlines. Boss Andrew Ritchie said he was embarrassed .
Robbery took place at 12.30pm at a Lloyds Bank branch in Fairwater, Cardiff, police said. Detectives have issued CCTV images of the suspect, who is 5ft 9in to 6ft.
Winston Reid has been out of action since injuring his hamstring against Chelsea on March 4. Enner Valencia missed West Ham's last two games against Arsenal and Sunderland with a toe injury. West Ham boss Sam Allardyce feels Nigel Pearson has received unfair criticism in recent months  .
Liverpool midfielder Lucas Leiva is looking to recapture what he considers his best form in two years. The Brazil international enjoyed a run of 16 starts in 19 matches from late November until February. He missed 10 games with a groin problem in February.
Stoke City are hopeful they can keep hold of Asmir Begovic as he enters the final year of his contract. The goalkeeper has regularly been linked with other clubs during his time at the Britannia Stadium with Stoke .
Celtic defender Jason Denayer has impressed on loan at Celtic this season. The 19-year-old recently won his first international cap for Belgium. Tom Boyd believes Denayer is ready to challenge for a place at Manchester City next season .
The Court of Arbitration for Sport has lifted Morocco's ban from the next two editions of the African Cup of Nations. The North-African nation was expelled from the 2017 and 2019 tournaments. Morocco pulled out because of fears related to the Ebola epidemic .
Chinese property conglomerate Dalian Wanda Group have formalised their purchase of 20 per cent of Atletico Madrid. The purchase was formalised at an Extraordinary General Meeting on Tuesday. Two EGMs were needed in order to ratify deal.
Simon Mignolet has been with Belgium for Euro 2016 qualifiers against Cyprus and Israel. The Liverpool goalkeeper posted pictures of himself in the cockpit of an aeroplane on Facebook. CLICK HERE for all the latest Liverpool news  .
Dumbarton boss Ian Murray believes Rangers will struggle to maintain pace through the run-in. Rangers and Hibs are currently level on points but have played a game less. Murray believes Hibs have the easier run- in to finish second .
Italy drew 1-1 with England in a friendly at the Juventus Stadium on Tuesday night. Antonio Conte insists his return to Turin prompted 'fond memories' despite reports he received death threats. Former Juventus boss Conte took over as Italy boss in August.
Andros Townsend scored England's equaliser in their 1-1 draw with Italy in Turin on Tuesday night. The Tottenham winger says naysayers like Paul Merson provided the perfect motivation for him in Italy .
Woman unleashes racist tirade over her fence at a group of men who appear to be of African descent. The woman then appears in her neighbour's front yard brandishing a metal crowbar and verbally abusing them.
Deva Joseph, 14, was reduced to tears at London Stansted airport after being told she would not be allowed to take flight home to Spain. Teenager offered to pay for second item to be put in hold but was told only credit cards would be accepted - even though she is too young to have one.
Gordon Robson, 26, killed John Potts, 45, with a single punch to the back of the head. Mr Potts was killed when he stepped in to break up a fight outside a sports bar in Washington, Tyne and Wear. Robson jailed for three-and-a-half years after admitting manslaughter at Newcastle Crown Court .
Chyknell Hall Estate is set in 200 acres of land near Bridgnorth, Shropshire and boasts 11-bedroom manor house and five cottages. Its centrepiece is the Grade II-listed Regency home, built in 1814, which has only changed hands twice since. It also boasts a swimming pool, tennis court, stables, library, wine cellar, library and billiard room. The secluded grounds offer residents complete privacy and planning permission for five more properties.
Borussia Dortmund and Bayern Munich meet in Der Klassiker this weekend. The two giants of the German game meet with 31 points and nine positions separating them. Dortmund are now only five points from the top six having climbed from the foot of the table .
Gary Locke has been given the job at Kilmarnock on a permanent basis. The 39-year-old joined the club as assistant boss to Allan Johnston last summer. Locke has lost just once in seven games since taking over at Rugby Park .
The Sleep Health Foundation have released a study reporting that 30 percent of Australians complain about their lack of sleep on a daily basis. The average adult needs around eight hours of sleep per night with a range of seven to nine. Any less than six or any more than 10 hours is unusual for the standard person. Professor David Hillman advises napping throughout the day.
Edward West, 59, allegedly pulled a gun on two 17-year-old boys in Salem, Oregon telling them, 'get ready to die' Just then, a stranger on a green motorcycle swooped in and used his helmet to knock the gun out of the man's hands, allowing the teens to escape   .
Ellen White scored against her former club Notts County in the Women's Super League. Laura Bassett and Alex Greenwood almost ran into each other on the edge of the box. White also missed a penalty which would have made it 2-0.
Jose Luis Gaya's buy-out clause is currently set at £13.5m. Manchester City, Arsenal and Chelsea are all interested in the 19-year-old left back. Gaya is an attack-minded left-back who likes to get forward at every opportunity  .
Aston Villa captain Ron Vlaar returns from injury to face Manchester United on Saturday. Tim Sherwood has urged his captain to prove his worth as the club battle to stay up. The 30-year-old played under Louis van Gaal at the World Cup in Brazil last year .
Girls aged between 16 and 18 are being taught how to use a knife by former special forces solider Inspector Tan. The girls are taught a series of eight moves which will enable them to defend themselves against a determined attacker . The knives are not real, but have retractable blades to prevent injury .
The five-year-old child is called Mai Zizhuo and he has been shooting hoops since he was two and a half. His incredible skills have won him legions of fans across China.
Robert Tesche and Clayton Donaldson put Birmingham City ahead against Rotherham United. Matt Derbyshire pulled one back for fourth-bottom Millers at St Andrews. Steve Evans left fuming on the sidelines after his side were denied a penalty .
Aston Villa manager Tim Sherwood insists he is not concerned by talks of a takeover. Randy Lerner is understood to be in detailed discussions with a prospective buyer. Villa are three points above the relegation zone in 16th place in the Premier League. They face Manchester United on Saturday at Old Trafford.
Fraser Forster suffered a serious knee injury in Southampton's 2-0 win over Burnley a fortnight ago. Ronald Koeman will wait to see how long Forster will be out before deciding whether to sign goalkeeper.
Manuel Pellegrini has confirmed that Manchester City are looking to invest in homegrown talent. Jason Denayer has impressed while on loan at Celtic from Manchester City this season. The 19-year-old defender could return to the club on loan next season.
Celtic lost 4-1 to Legia Warsaw in Champions League qualifying last season. Ronny Deila says Celtic won't be travelling as much in pre-season as they did in the past .
Virgil van Dijk has been in fine form for Celtic but hasn't been called-up to the Holland national team. Van Dijk says he was happy for team-mate Jason Denayer, who made his Belgium debut against Israel. Click here for more Holland news.
Celtic will play Inverness in the Scottish Cup semi-final at Hampden on April 18. Tickets for the match have been set at £23 for the North and South stands, with the East Stand being £15 for adults .
David Alaba was injured while playing for Austria in their 1-1 draw against Bosnia-Herzegovina. Bayern Munich left-back will be out for around seven weeks with a torn knee ligament. The 22-year-old is set to start rehabilitation work in about a month, Bayern said .
Gary Locke will be confirmed as Kilmarnock's new permanent manager on Friday. The former Hearts boss will be given a three-year deal. Locke replaced Allan Johnston on a caretaker basis in February.
Rangers will be forced to delist from the Alternative Investment Market (AIM) after being unable to secure a new nominated advisor. Paul Murray insists the new board’s plans for the future will be unaffected and that planned investments will still take place.
England drew 1-1 with Italy at the Juventus Stadium on Tuesday night. Graziano Pelle opened the scoring before Andros Townsend equalised for Roy Hodgson's side. Wayne Rooney and the rest of the England squad were upset with their performance.
Arabtrust and Federation of Dundee United Supporters Clubs say they are 'shocked' that 25 per cent of £6.3million worth of transfer fees for Ryan Gauld, Andrew Robertson, Stuart Armstrong and Gary Mackay.
Hearts captain Danny Wilson has 12 months left on his current contract with the Scottish champions. Celtic are considering a £400,000 offer for the former Rangers and Liverpool defender. Ronny Deila wants to keep hold of Virgil van Dijk and Jason Denayer at the club .
Living face Alloa in the Petrofac Cup final on Sunday at McDiarmid Park. Darren Cole was granted time off after the death of his cousin, Shaun, last week. The 23-year-old returned to training on Wednesday.
Dane Tilse will move from Canberra Raiders to Hull KR on a two-and-a-half-year deal. The 30-year-old will link up with his old Canberra team-mate Terry Campese, the new Hull KR captain, at the Robins.
The slab of meat and its unusual herb accompaniment was found by police in the Northern Territory. Officers then decided to x-ray the lamb, which revealed the 20g bag of marijuana. The stash would have been worth $2000 if it had been sold.
Alan Smith suffered a broken leg and a dislocated ankle during Manchester United's FA Cup fifth round exit to Liverpool in 2006. Reports circulated that Liverpool fans tried to disrupt Smith's journey to hospital by throwing bottles, beer glasses and stones at the ambulance he was travelling in.
Davon Durant, a promising linebacker at Arizona State University, was arrested on domestic violence charges after his girlfriend of 18 months, Kelsi Langley, claimed that he hit her in the face and grabbed her neck during an argument in his car March 7. Following his arrest, Durant was suspended from the football team indefinitely and could be facing expulsion. Langley has now publicly recanted her story, claiming that she lied about the assault because she was jealous of girls .
Detroit Tigers pitcher Justin Verlander snapped a selfie in front of a little boy wearing a dark blue shirt with his name and jersey number, 35, on the back. The pitcher uploaded the selfie to his more than 150,000 Instagram followers.
Kevin de Bruyne has been linked with a move to Bayern Munich from Wolfsburg. Franck Ribery says De Bruyne is the wrong type of player to come in under Pep Guardiola. The former France international says the 23-year-old's counter-attacking skills don't mesh with Guardiola.
Eden Hazard was substituted with 28 minutes to go in Belgium's 1-0 win over Israel. Belgium manager Marc Wilmots said he felt that Hazard looked tired. Hazard has played 48 games this season for Chelsea.
Clarke Carlisle says he has 'moved out of the marital home' he shared with wife of 14 years, Gemma. Former Premier League defender tried to kill himself in December, two days after being arrested on suspicion of drink-driving. The 35-year-old father-of-three suffered cuts, bruises and internal bleeding .
Cesc Fabregas captained Spain as they lost 2-0 to Holland on Tuesday. The Chelsea midfielder struggled to make an impact in midfield for the European champions. Jose Mourinho will be demanding more from his playmaker in the Premier League run-in   .
Andros Townsend came off the bench to score in England's 1-1 draw with Italy in Turin. Sky Sports pundit Paul Merson criticised Townsend's call-up to the England squad last week. But Merson has now admitted he was wrong to criticise the winger .
Michael McIndoe fronted a £30million investment scheme and lived a millionaire's lifestyle in Marbella. The former winger lured fellow footballers into the scheme with promises of a huge 20 per cent return. But the scheme collapsed amid mounting debts and he was declared bankrupt in October last year. The 35-year-old is now being chased through the courts by creditors .
Treats can range from a bar of chocolate or a glass of wine to designer clothes and shoes. Men spend a third more a month than women on treating themselves, according to research by VoucherCodes.co.uk. Retail therapy reaches a high at lunchtime today at 12.52pm.
Five men and one woman were detained at approximately 8am this morning in the departure zone. Four of the men, all in their 20s, are from Birmingham, West Midlands, while a 26-year-old man and a 23-year.
The black pooch was filmed in action as he took a rescue rope out to his owner at the Clarence J. Brown Dam and Reservoir in Springfield, Ohio, on Saturday afternoon. Footage shows the unidentified man then being hauled to shore by firefighters after spending almost two hours in waters hovering around zero degrees Celsius at the dam and reservoir .
Queens Park Rangers striker Charlie Austin has scored 15 goals in the Premier League this season. The 25-year-old says Joey Barton ignored him on his first day at the club. The pair have since become good friends and Austin says they can't afford to lose their next two games .
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger believes the rules of the game must be structured to favour the best. Greg Dyke wants to increase the number of homegrown players in a Premier League squad of 25 from eight to 12. Wenger has signed Tomas Danilevicius, Igor Stepanovs, Kaba Diawara, Sebastian Squillaci, Andre Santos, Amoury Bischoff and more.
A Victorian driver got a rude shock when a massive huntsman crawled out from inside his door handle. The spine-tinging video was captured in Wangaratta, northeast Victoria. Huntsman are notorious for their formidable size and speed .
South Sydney hooker Issac Luke will be investigated by the NRL over an alleged homophobic slur. The 27-year-old posted an offensive remark in response to attacks from Canterbury Bulldogs fans on Instagram. The comment prompted an immediate backlash on social media with some labelling the response 'grubby' and 'disappointing' .
In 2009 the town of Celoron, N.Y., unveiled a statue of Ball with a face so unlike the beloved comedian that locals have reacted with shock and horror. The depiction is so unflattering a Facebook page called 'We Love Lucy! Get Rid of this Statue' has attracted more than 600 likes .
Norwich beat Brighton 1-0 at the Amex Stadium on Good Friday . Bradley Johnson scored the winner in the second-half to keep the Canaries in the play-offs . Brighton are now 16th in the Championship and out of the promotion race . Click here for all the latest Norwich news .
James Oliver, 48, was left with a serious leg injury after being allegedly hit by a car driven by Linda Currier, 53. Police report that they found Oliver in the driveway of a home in Noblesboro, Maine, on Saturday night and he was taken to hospital.
Juve are 14 points clear of Roma at the top of Serie A with 10 games remaining. Massimiliano Allegri's side host Empoli on Saturday in their next game. Roma host fellow Champions League hopefuls Napoli .
Mauricio Pochettino has compared Harry Kane to Gabriel Batistuta. Kane scored on his full international debut for England against Lithuania last Friday night. The Tottenham striker is nearing the 30-goal mark for the season .
Juventus director Pavel Nedved has revealed Barcelona are interested in bringing Paul Pogba to the Nou Camp. The Czech star is a director at Juventus but insists Pogba will not be moving. The former midfielder also admitted he was pleased Juve didn't draw Barcelona in the quarter-finals of the Champions League  .
Fiorentina goalkeeper Neto is wanted by a number of top European clubs, according to his agent. Liverpool were linked with a move for the 25-year-old earlier in the season. PSG and Real Madrid are also interested in signing the Brazilian, says Stefano Castagna.
Video shows a Porsche Cayman flying out of control as it speeds from a green light on Prince Edward Island in Canada. The sports car swerves wildly before smashing into the concrete median  .
Lance Corporal Riki Hughes stole £17,000 from Tidworth Town Football Club. He claimed to be making rent payments to the club's landlord - even though the team was getting its property.
Sunderland host Newcastle United at the Stadium of Light on Sunday (4pm kick-off) Lee Cattermole will return to the Sunderland starting line-up after serving a two-match ban. Newcastle defender Massadio Haidara has undergone knee surgery and will miss the rest of the season after undergoing surgery .
Rory McIlroy has released a video chronicling his journey from playing the back greens as a youngster to conquering the golfing world. The World No 1 has released the video in conjunction with his sponsor Bose. The video shows the Northern Irishman hard at work in the gym as he steps up his preparations for Augusta .
Sergio Garcia is focused on winning his first PGA Tour title since 2012 at this week's Shell Houston Open. The Spaniard finished third 12 months ago but missed the cut at Augusta. Garcia and Jordan Spieth are the only players in the world's top 10 .
Racing Metro face Saracens in European Champions Cup quarter-final on Sunday. Johnny Sexton wants to win a medal with Racing Metro this season. The Irish fly-half has never won a trophy .
Mustafa Kamal accused India of influencing the outcome of the Cricket World Cup quarter-final. Kamal criticised the umpires over a disputed no-ball against India. The Bangladeshi has stepped down as ICC president.
Tottenham host Burnley at Turf Moor in the Premier League on Sunday afternoon. Ben Davies and Sam Vokes were part of the Wales team which beat Israel 3-0 in Euro 2016 qualifying. Spurs have won just one of their last four Premier League games .
Nigel Pearson has been involved in a number of controversial incidents this season. West Ham manager Sam Allardyce has defended Pearson and says he is 'his own man' The pair will be reunited when West Ham face Leicester at the King Power Stadium on Saturday .
Newcastle host Sunderland in Sunday's Tyne-Wear derby at the Stadium of Light. The Magpies have lost the last four matches against their North-East rivals. John Carver says he will 'whip' his players to make sure they're motivated to beat Sunderland. Click here for more Newcastle news .
Papiss Cisse is Newcastle's top scorer this season with 11 goals - 10 of those were decisive. The Senegalese striker is currently serving a seven-game ban after clashing with Jonny Evans. Newcastle host Sunderland in Sunday's Premier League derby .
Sunderland host Newcastle in the Tyne-Wear derby at the Stadium of Light on Sunday. The Black Cats have won the last four meetings against their arch-rivals. John O'Shea wants a fifth straight derby win  .
Stoke have played Chelsea away eight times in all competitions and lost on every occasion. Mark Hughes says his side must end their barren run at Stamford Bridge. The Potters have not won there since a 1-1 draw in 1984 .
Sunderland host Newcastle United at St James' Park on Sunday afternoon. Lee Cattermole has missed the last two games through suspension . Dick Advocaat has confirmed that the midfielder will definitely start the game . CLICK HERE for all the latest Sunderland news .
UEFA confirmed their 'cash cycle' for the next three years of European competition. The last time Celtic reached the Champions League group stage, they earned £12.6m. Ronny Deila's side face St Mirren on Saturday night.
Lionel Messi should be fit to face Celta Vigo after recovering from a foot injury, says Nolito. The Barcelona forward has been training following a minor problem. Messi was forced to sit out both of Argentina's friendlies during international break.
Leeds United assistant manager Steve Thompson has been suspended until the end of the season. Neil Redfearn is considering his future at Elland Road after two months at the club. Thompson is taking advice from the LMA and club president Massimo Cellino is suspended.
Hearts boss Robbie Neilson will not sell his players unless it is the right move for the club. Hearts have already secured promotion to the Scottish Premiership. Owner Ann Budge has set her sights on a top-six finish in the top flight next season.
Rangers winger David Templeton has praised the impact of Stuart McCall at Ibrox. The former Motherwell boss has won back-to-back games since taking over from Ally McCoist. Click here for more Rangers news.
Raheem Sterling is currently on £35,000-per-week at Liverpool. Big Sam Allardyce believes that Sterling should be offered a bumper new contract. The West Ham boss believes that the more money Sterling gets the more other Liverpool players want it   .
Jonas Gutierrez has been a substitute in each of Newcastle's last three games. The Argentinian midfielder has returned from testicular cancer. Newcastle have lost their last four games against their arch-rivals Sunderland .
Blackpool are in talks to sign Austria defender Thomas Piermayr from Colorado Rapids. The 25-year-old has been training with the Championship club this week. Blackpool sit bottom of the Championship on 23 points ahead of their trip to Bolton on Saturday .
Theo Walcott has made just five starts for Arsenal this season since returning from injury. Arsenal legend Ian Wright says the winger should have been used as a striker. Walcott started up front for England against Italy on Tuesday night. The winger's contract at the Emirates expires in the summer and he could leave the club .
Raheem Sterling has been offered a £100,000-a-week deal to stay at Liverpool. The 20-year-old wideman has managed just six goals this season - one less than Jon Walters. Click here for more Liverpool news .
Sehrou Guirassy and Gnaly Cornet scored for France in Saint-Lo. Fulham's Patrick Roberts scored late equaliser for England but it wasn't enough. Young Lions missed out on European Championship finals.
Roberto Martinez is backing Ross Barkley to become an even more influential player for Everton and England. Barkley impressed after coming off the substitutes bench during England's 1-1 draw in Turin. The 21-year-old has had an indifferent campaign for Everton .
Tony Pulis said West Brom has 'gone off the rails' in recent seasons. The Baggies finished 17th in the Premier League under Alan Irvine last season. Pulis wants to bring in Bakary Sako and Neil Taylor in the summer transfer market . CLICK HERE for all the latest West Brom news .
Kevin Sinfield will quit rugby league at the end of the season to join Yorkshire Carnegie. Castleford head coach Daryl Powell has warned Sinfield he will be a 'target' when he makes the switch .
Rabbitohs sealed a final minute 18-17 victory over the Bulldogs in an absorbing encounter at ANZ Stadium in Sydney. Fans turned on referee Gerard Sutton and his colleagues after they penalised Bulldogs captain James Graham in the final minute, effectively handing the Rabbitohs the win. Sideline interchange official Darren Alchin has been taken to hospital with a suspected broken shoulder after he slipped to avoid being hit with bottles as he fell to the ground. Two people have been formally identified for throwing bottles.
The clip was filmed by the creative agency Leo Burnett Toronto for the homeless charity Humans For Humans. It is designed to make people think twice about the way that they look at people who sleep rough .
Brighton and Hove Albion are the first club to provide training and counselling to its youth players. The Protect, Inform and Prevent (PIP) programme aims to explain when consent can be said to have been given.
George Boyd has clocked up 210.5 miles on the pitch this season. The Burnley winger has run the distance between Turf Moor and Selhurst Park in less than 40 hours. Christian Eriksen, Steven NZonzi and Jordan Henderson also feature .
Anderson shoved Otacilio Neto off the ball to earn a red card for Internacional in Porto Alegre. Neto also saw red after appearing to aim an elbow at Anderson in the first half. Anderson ended his seven-and-a-half year association with Manchester United in February this season.
Raheem Sterling has been offered £100,000-a-week by Liverpool to sign a new contract. The 20-year-old has been linked with a move to Arsenal and leading clubs in Spain. Sterling has insisted he is not a 'money grabber'  .
Five-month-old baby found dead at home in Perry Barr, Birmingham, yesterday afternoon. Police were called to home at 1am yesterday because baby was suffering breathing difficulties. Child taken to Birmingham Children's Hospital but died hours later. Death is being treated as suspicious.
Dug the pug and his owner were hiking in Fontana, Canada, on Thursday when they heard a rattling sound. Dug ran toward the reptile and was bitten in the face, causing his face to swell to twice its size.
The incident took place in Padma Nagar in the city of Bhiwandi, a suburb of Mumbai. The youths took the boy to an isolated place and raped him before setting him on fire. The boy, who suffered 30 per cent burns to his body, somehow managed to escape  .
 Tycoon Harvey Boulter has already given £30,000 to the Ukip candidate fighting Fox in his Somerset seat. He is also spending another £30k to try to defeat Tom Tugendhat, who is standing for the Tories in Tonbridge and West Malling, Kent, in a continued vendetta.
Jose Mourinho could return to manage Real Madrid one day, says Alvaro Arbeloa. Mourinho left Real Madrid in 2013 amid rumours of bust-ups with Iker Casillas, Sergio Ramos and Pepe. The Chelsea manager ended his three-year spell in the Spanish capital on good terms.
Paddy Morrall noticed the full-length Christ on a snapped scaffolding board in Inverness, Scotland, on Wednesday. The son of God appeared wearing a robe after the joiner and colleagues left the piece of wood out in the rain for several hours  .
The 44-page document was commissioned by executives at the BBC who then hired an agency. Emoji designers also told to make graphics for faces of popular stars such as Gary Lineker and Graham Norton. Corporation used them during an 'Emoji Budget' article following George Osborne's statement last month.
Roberto Mancini cancelled his players' day off on Easter and ordered them into training on Sunday. Inter Milan were held to a 1-1 draw by bottom-of-the-table Parma at the San Siro on Saturday. The draw left them joint ninth in Serie A with Genoa .
Liverpool lost 4-1 to Arsenal at the Emirates in the Premier League on Saturday. Brendan Rodgers admitted his side are unlikely to finish in the top four. Mario Balotelli was not included in the squad to face Arsenal after picking up a knock to his knee. Daniel Sturridge is still feeling his way back from injury and has not yet rediscovered his confidence. Raheem Sterling has refused to sign a new contract with the club  .
Ex-Manchester United and England defender Paul Parker's old passport was listed on eBay. The item was listed earlier in March and bidding ended on Tuesday. Parker played for Manchester United between 1991 and 1996 and won two league titles at Old Trafford   .
Ondrej Duda scored after the interval to lead Slovakia to a 1-0 victory over the Czech Republic. It was the third victory for Slovakia in the 10th match against the Czechs since Czechoslovakia's split in 1993.
Karim Benzema posted a video of him singing along to Tupac's classic track 'Check Out Time' The Real Madrid forward has scored 20 goals in all competitions this season. Benzema believes he can win the Ballon d'Or if he keeps winning titles .
Sergiu Bus opened the scoring for Sheffield Wednesday in the 86th minute against Huddersfield. But Ishmael Miller equalised in the 89th minute to secure a point for the hosts. The result leaves the visitors without a win in their last seven games .
Stuart Dallas scored twice as Brentford beat Fulham 4-1 on Good Friday. The 23-year-old has been a revelation for Brentford this season. Mark Warburton says loan spell at Northampton has helped the winger's development. Click here for more Brentford news.
A 1973 E-Type Jaguar has been involved in a head-on collision with a Toyota Kluger. The crash happened on Warringah Road in Frenchs Forest, northern Sydney . Nobody was hurt in the collision, however all three adults were taken to hospital.
Trey Moses, a senior at Eastern High School in Louisville, Kentucky, asked Ellie Meredith to be his date to the upcoming prom. He surprised her during her P.E. class with a bunch of flowers and a sign reading: 'Let's Party Like it's 1989' - a reference to an album by Taylor Swift, Ellie's favorite singer.
Residents from Lijin village in Dongying city carry the explosive in bags as long as six metres on rickshaws. Worried passers-by compare this behaviour to carrying a bomb on their backs  .
A new Facebook graph reveals the favorite baseball teams in the country by sorting through people's likes and breaking down winners by county. The New York Yankees and Boston Red Sox come in first and second respectively in terms of the number of people claiming them.
'Hello everybody. This is not Frank Underwood,' the president said. 'This is Barack Obama. Happy April Fools' Day. Frank learned it from me,' he said. The real president slipped into his normal voice by the end of 12-second impersonation. House of Cards renewed Thursday.
Brady Eaves, 18, was filmed biting the head off a live hamster during a drunken spring break party in Florida last weekend. His stepfather is John Arthur Eaves Jr, who was the Democratic candidate in Mississippi's 2007 gubernatorial elections. Eaves' stepfather and mother have branded his actions 'disturbing' and 'disappointing' He has been withdrawn from the University of Mississippi, where he was on a scholarship, and submitted for mental health tests. Phi Delta Theta fraternity has openly condemned his actions and expelled him from the fraternity. The footage could see Eaves charged with felony animal cruelty charges, which carry a maximum jail term of five years and $5,000 fines.
John Bramblitt, 42, had epilepsy from the age of 11 which slowly caused him to lose his eyesight. At 30, the artist from Denton in Texas was completely blind but decided to continue painting. He uses a special technique to transfer his visions onto the canvas .
Silhan Ozcelik, 18, went missing from her Kurdish family’s home in north London last October. She is accused of travelling to Stuttgart, Germany, to join the Kurdish Workers’ Party (PKK) youth movement. The teenager, who is of Kurdish heritage, was detained at Stansted Airport after she returned to the UK .
Ludovic Obraniak was substituted after just 30 minutes of Caykur Rizespor's match against Fenerbahce on Saturday. The 30-year-old was taken to hospital with a suspected heart problem. The midfielder is currently on loan from Bundesliga side Werder Bremen.
QPR face West Brom at the Hawthorns on Saturday in the Premier League. Chris Ramsey says Tony Pulis is one of the best British coaches in the country. The QPR boss insists he won't be asking for advice.
Patrick Kluivert's Curacao beat Montserrat 4-3 on aggregate in World Cup qualifying. Former Holland assistant worked with Louis van Gaal at the 2014 World Cup. KluiverT's mother is from CurACao.
Tiger Woods has not played on the PGA Tour since withdrawing from the Farmers Insurance Open on February 5. The former world No 1 has won the Masters on four separate occasions. Woods made his Masters debut at Augusta National in 1995 .
Dougie Fife, Alasdair Dickinson and Ross Ford were rested for last week's Guinness Pro12 win over Scarlets. The trio have been recalled by head coach Alan Solomons for Sunday's European Challenge Cup quarter-final.
Sri Lanka's Kumar Sangakkara should reconsider his decision to retire from limited overs cricket. Sports minister Navin Dissanayake has asked the batsman to continue for another year. The 37-year-old will play Tests.
Moses Kipsiro is a regular training partner of British long-distance running legend Mo Farah. The 28-year-old says he was approached by five female athletes at a training camp for the African Cross-Country Championships. He says they went to him as the senior athlete and captain of the team for help .
Crystal Palace host Manchester City in the Premier League on Monday. Chelsea are currently six points clear at the top of the table with a game in hand. Alan Pardew insists City can still win the title this season. The Eagles boss has no fresh injury concerns ahead of the match against City on Monday .
Swansea City host Hull City at the Liberty Stadium on Saturday (3pm kick-off) Jefferson Montero suffered muscle strain during Ecuador's 1-0 defeat by Mexico. Leon Britton and Kyle Bartley have been added to the Swansea squad. Mohamed Diame and James Chester will make long-awaited Hull returns .
Hull City have reapplied to the Football Association to have the club name changed to Hull Tigers. The move angered fans who believed they had won the battle to keep their current name. Owner Assem Allam remains keen on changing his side's name .
Esteban Cambiasso won five Serie A titles with Inter Milan between 2005 and 2010. He joined Leicester last summer on a free transfer and signed a one-year deal at the King Power Stadium. The former Argentina international says beating relegation would be like winning a trophy .
Toby Alderweireld will return to Atletico Madrid when his season-long loan spell ends at Southampton. The Belgian defender has impressed this season on the South Coast. Atletico say they are counting on Aldeirwereld to return to La Liga .
Diego Costa may not be risked against Stoke City after suffering hamstring injury. John Obi Mikel will not be considered despite recovering from knee problem . Marc Muniesa set to return to Stoke squad after missing five games with hamstring problem. Stoke forward Jonathan Walters expected to shake off calf knock .
Swansea have yet to pick up a point after an international break this season. Garry Monk's men have eight more games to collect the five points needed to beat 47-point mark. The Swans are currently in eighth place in the Premier League .
Celtic beat St Mirren 1-0 in the SPL match at Paisley on Friday night. James Forrest scored the only goal of the game in the 64th minute . Stefan Johansen scored the other goal from the penalty spot. Celtic are now eight points clear of Aberdeen .
Rangers face Hearts at Ibrox on Sunday in their final game of the season. Stuart McCall's side have lost three league visits to Edinburgh clubs this season. Hearts won 2-1 on their previous trip to Govan last August   .
Cristiano Ronaldo is a co-owner of second tier United States side, Fort Lauderdale Strikers. The ex-Barcelona and Real Madrid striker says he would pay out of his own pocket to sign Lionel Messi to his United States football team .
Juve beat Empoli 2-0 to maintain their 14-point lead at the top of the Serie A table. Roma strengthened their grip on second place thanks to a 1-0 win over Napoli which puts nine points between the two sides. AC Milan picked up their first win away from home since mid-October, beating Palermo 2-1 .
Miralem Pjanic's goal gave AS Roma a 1-0 win over Napoli in Serie A on Saturday. Alessandro Diamanti and Mohamed Salah scored twice as Fiorentina beat Sampdoria 2-0. Carlos Tevez scored a thunderous free kick to help leaders Juventus beat Empoli .
Cesar Azpilicueta is counting down the games until Chelsea win the Premier League title. Chelsea sit top of the table ahead of facing Stoke City at Stamford Bridge on Saturday. CLICK HERE for all the latest Chelsea news .
Kevin de Bruyne is wanted by a host of clubs but no deal for a move away from Wolfsburg has been agreed. Manchester City and Bayern Munich have been linked with a move for the midfielder. De Bruyne's agent has denied talks with Bayern Munich.
Charles Piutau will join Ulster on a two-year deal from July 2016. The New Zealand international has won 14 caps for the All Blacks. He can play full back, wing or centre for Ulster .
George North will miss Saturday's European Champions Cup quarter-final against Clermont Auvergne. Wales wing has been knocked unconscious three times in recent months. Northampton director of rugby Jim Mallinder says he will see a neurologist before deciding when North will play again .
Mohamed Diame set to return for Hull City against Swansea City on Saturday. Midfielder has been out for more than four months with a knee injury . Hull are currently just three points above the Premier League drop zone with eight games remaining.
Swansea midfielder Tom Carroll faces up to six weeks on the sidelines due to ankle ligament damage. Carroll was injured during England Under 21s' 1-0 victory over the Czech Republic. Midfielder has made 18 appearances for the Swans.
Franck Ribery limped off against Shakhtar Donetsk after picking up an injury at the beginning of last month. The Bayern Munich winger is hopeful he could be back for the German Cup quarter-finals against Bayer Leverkusen. Click here for more Bayern Munich news.
Bayern Munich captain Philipp Lahm could make his first Bundesliga start since November 18. Franck Ribery, Arjen Robben, Javi Martinez and David Alaba are all out of Saturday's match against Dortmund. Pep Guardiola's side have seven games in the next 22 days.
Alvaro Morata joined Juventus for £15.8million from Real Madrid last summer. The 22-year-old has scored seven goals in 22 Serie A matches so far this season. Real Madrid have a buy back option on the forward.
Sean Dyche has led Burnley to promotion from the Championship to the Premier League. Veteran defender Michael Duff believes Dyche could one day take charge of England. Burnley host Tottenham at Turf Moor on Sunday in the Premier.
Brentford beat Fulham 4-1 in the west London derby at Craven Cottage on Saturday. Stuart Dallas scored twice and Alan Judge scored a superb free-kick. Fulham boss Kit Symons admits his side are not safe.
Jos Hooiveld's late strike earned Millwall a crucial 2-1 victory over south London rivals Charlton. Magaye Gueye equalised for Millwall after Alou Diarra gave Addicks the lead in the second half. Charlton defender Chris Solly sent off.
More than 30 Premiership and Championship games set to be affected by rail chaos. Labour accuses Government of failing to learn from Boxing Day chaos. Ministers warned of potential problems in advance but failed to scrutinise planned maintenance work.
Natal's Dunas Arena is being sold by owner Grupo OAS. Company also trying to sell 50 percent share of Fonte Nova arena in Salvador. Company has struggled for months with impact of Petrobras corruption scandal.
13 U.S. senators have written to FIFA calling for Russia to be removed as host of the 2018 World Cup. The 13 lawmakers said they 'strongly encourage' FIFA to move the global competition. England are planning a bid to host Euro 2028.
Harry Kane will be in Gareth Southgate's squad for the European Under 21 Championships this summer. The Tottenham striker made his senior England debut against Italy last week . Kane is also set to travel to Australia and Malaysia this summer ahead of the championships. Mauricio Pochettino has given Kane the green light to participate in competition .
The Barclays Premier League have announced the final set of televised fixtures for the 2014-15 season. Chelsea vs Liverpool on May 10 and Manchester United vs Arsenal on May 17 are arguably the standout games from the live batch .
The Quick Silver P-51D Mustang has been painstakingly restored by father-and-son team Bill and Scooter Yoak. Originally built in 1945, it was among scores of long-range, single-seat bombers rolled out during World War Two and Korean War.
The helicopter came down on a house in the Carapicuiba area of Sao Paulo killing five people. One of the victims was reportedly Thomaz Alckmin, son of the Sao Paulo governor. Three mechanics, as well as the pilot, were killed.
Car shape originally designed to help French farmers transport their sheep to market now accounts for a staggering two in every three cars sold in the UK. The model credited with being the world’s first ever hatchback was the Renault 16 unveiled in April 1965. It is just as popular across the world from Munich to Mexico.
Andros Townsend was brought on in the 83rd minute of Tottenham's 0-0 draw with Burnley. Paul Merson criticised Townsend's call-up to the England squad last week. The Tottenham midfielder scored for England against Italy on Tuesday. Townsend hit back at Merson on Twitter after scoring against Italy.
Juan Arango's Tijuana side were losing 4-3 to Monterrey when he bit Jesus Zavala on the shoulder. The incident was reminiscent of Luis Suarez's bite on Giorgio Cheillini's shoulder during last year's World Cup .
Sergi Barjuan replaces Juan Ignacio Martinez, who was fired on Sunday. Almeria lost 4-1 at home to Levante on Sunday and are in the relegation zone. Former Barcelona defender will coach against Barcelona on Wednesday.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals as Real Madrid beat Granada 9-1 at the Bernabeu on Sunday. Portuguese star now has more goals than 53 of Europe's top five leagues. Nine teams in the Premier League have managed fewer goals than Ronaldo. Lionel Messi has fewer league goals than the Real star .
Ben Jones-Bishop scored a spectacular solo try as Salford Red Devils beat Wigan Warriors 24-18. Both sides ended the match with 12 men as tempers flared. Weller Hauraki and John Bateman both sent off.
Hull KR beat St Helens 28-20 at Langtree Park. A long-distance Jamie Shaul try was enough to seal a shock win for the visitors. Hull bounced back from Thursday's derby defeat .
England fans sang anti-IRA songs during Tuesday's 1-1 draw with Italy in Turin. The FA wanted to make sure they stopped the fans singing the songs before the game. It is embarrassing to listen to - a stain on our usually good-natured and good-humoured travelling supporters.
England face Italy at the Juventus Stadium on Tuesday night in their Euro 2016 qualifier. Sportsmail's top team of reporters have submitted their starting line-ups for Roy Hodgson's side. Wayne Rooney is picked in a central role while Daniel Sturridge gets the nod ahead of young pretenders such as Harry Kane.
'John' posted the advert in the window of his local newsagents in Muswell Hill, London . It has since gone viral after it was spotted by an eagle-eyed passer by. The anonymous Londoner then posted a picture of the ad on a Facebook account dedicated to London life .
Helsinborg manager Henrik Larsson forced to play 42-year-old kit man Daniel Andersson in goal. Par Hansson and Matt Pyzdrowski out injured for Helsinborg in Allsvenskan opener.
Former All Black Mils Muliaina was arrested after Connacht's 14-7 defeat by Gloucester last night. The 34-year-old full back was led away by officers at the Kingsholm Stadium last night in connection with an allegation in Cardiff in March. He was held in cells overnight before being questioned for more than six hours by detectives in Cardiff yesterday . The allegation is believed to date from the Irish team's visit to the Cardiff Blues on March 6 in the Brewery Quarter .
With Easter Sunday just on the horizon, Christians across American observed Good Friday, which commemorates the crucifixion and death of Jesus Christ. Good Friday is observed as a national holiday in a number of countries, including Australia, Brazil, Spain and the United Kingdom   .
Crystal Palace host Manchester City at Selhurst Park on Monday night (8pm kick-off) Marouane Chamakh and Fraizer Campbell are still sidelined with hamstring injuries. Jordon Mutch has a thigh complaint and Mile Jedinak is suspended. Manchester City have no serious injury concerns and Yaya Toure is fit to play .
Arsene Wenger has yet to decide whether to offer Abou Diaby a new contract. Diaby has suffered 42 injuries during his Arsenal career, keeping him out of action for 226 weeks. The midfielder could earn a new deal, potentially on a pay-as-you-play deal.
Luis Suarez and Daniel Sturridge scored 52 of Liverpool's 101 Premier League goals last season. Liverpool have scored just 45 goals this season, compared to 84 at the same stage last term. Raheem Sterling, Jordan Henderson and Steven Gerrard have scored six goals each in the Premier League .
Alan Pardew called Manuel Pellegrini a 'f***ing old c**t' during a Premier League match in January 2014. Crystal Palace boss has taken steps to change his behaviour since the incident. CLICK HERE for all the latest Crystal Palace news.
Manchester City goalkeeper Joe Hart insists his side are still capable of winning the Premier League title. Chelsea are nine points clear of Manchester City with eight games left to play. Hart labelled Gianigi Buffon, who won his 147th England cap against England on Tuesday night .
Police in Rhein Erft, Germany initially dismissed reports that a kangaroo was found in a field nearby. They later found the marsupial hopping through a field in the town of Bruhl. It is believed that the animal's fencing was damaged by storms.
Hugh G. Rection made a generous donation of $32.38, which earned his name some valuable screen time. Twitter users were quick to identify the blunder. The Royal Children’s Hospital's Good Friday Appeal raised over $17 million.
QPR had lost 13 of 14 league away games before Saturday's 4-1 win at West Brom. Chris Ramsey's side are now just three points adrift of safety. QPR face Aston Villa at Villa Park on Tuesday in the Premier League .
Aston Villa host Queens Park Rangers at Villa Park (Tuesday, 7.45pm) Alan Hutton, Scott Sinclair and Ashley Westwood ruled out for Villa. Philippe Senderos, Kieran Richardson and Aly Cissokho are doubts for Tim Sherwood's side. QPR without Eduardo Vargas and Yun Suk-young .
Kim Sei-Young leads the ANA Inspiration by three shots going into the final round. The South Korean shot a three-under-par 69 on day three of the competition. American Stacy Lewis is second after she shot a 68 on Saturday .
Lydia Ko shot a 2-over 74 on Saturday in the ANA Inspiration, her second straight over-par round. The 17-year-old New Zealander has had at least one birdie in all 187 of her rounds in 49 career events on the tour. Ko tied the LPGA Tour record for consecutive rounds under par at 29 .
Tiger Woods confirmed earlier this week that he will play at the Masters this week. Colin Montgomerie says it would be a 'disaster' if Woods limps out of the tournament. Woods has dropped out of world's top 100 for the first time in 19 years.
The Shell Houston Open is proving a show-stopper ahead of the Masters. Jordan Spieth and Phil Mickelson have both impressed in the run up to the tournament . Click here for all the latest golf news.
South Korea's Kim Sei-young Kim has a two-shot lead at the halfway point of the ANA Inspiration. Lydia Ko's record-equalling run of 29 consecutive rounds under par came to an end.
Serena Williams beat Sabine Lisicki in three sets to reach the Miami Open semi-finals. The world No 1 recorded her 700th career victory at Crandon Park on Wednesday. Williams will face either Simona Halep or Sloane Stephens in the final. The third-seed beat Sloanes Stephens 6-1, 7-5 to reach her first semi-final .
Aljaz Bedene was granted British citizenship at a ceremony in Hatfield on Tuesday. British No 1 Andy Murray says anyone questioning the move should work on their world ranking. Murray admits Bedene's stance threatens certain players position as he is on tour every week. Bedene can individually represent any country he wants where he holds a passport.
Andy Murray defeated Dominic Thiem 3-6 6-4, 6-1 in the Miami Open quarter-finals. The world No 4 will face Tomas Berdych or Juan Monaco in the semi-finals . Murray believes his fellow British players should use Aljaz Bedene's arrival as motivation. The Slovenian will be eligible for the Davis Cup team .
Carla Suarez Navarro beat Venus Williams 0-6, 6-1, 7-5 at Key Biscayne on Tuesday evening. The Spaniard will now face Andrea Petkovic in the semi-finals of the Miami Open at Indian Wells on Wednesday .
Novak Djokovic came back from a set down to beat Alexandr Dolgopolov at the Miami Open. The world number one will face David Ferrer in the quarter-finals after the Spaniard beat Gilles Simon. Andy Murray and Kei Nishikori are also through to the last eight  .
Nick Scholfield has been lined up to ride Spring Heeled in the Grand National at Aintree on April 11. Paul Nicholls-trained Sam Winner was pulled up in the Cheltenham Gold Cup on Wednesday. Robbie McNamara will ride his 2014 Gold Cup winner Lord Windermere.
Newport Gwent Dragons reach European Challenge Cup semi-finals with 25-21 win over Cardiff Blues. Tries from Hallam Amos, Nic Cudd, a penalty try plus penalties from Tom Prydie and Dorian Jones and two Prydie conversions brought the Dragons back from a big deficit to victory .
Bath face Leinster in the Champions Cup quarter-final in Dublin on Saturday. George Ford, Dave Attwood, Jonathan Joseph and Anthony Watson all return to the scene of the Six Nations defeat .
Alfonso Thomas has agreed a deal to coach Delhi Daredevils in the Indian Premier League. Veteran seamer is still recovering from a broken ankle. Thomas will continue his rehabilitation in India .
Moeen Ali injured himself during England's failed World Cup campaign. The off-spinning all-rounder is hoping to be fit for Worcestershire's County Championship match against Yorkshire. Adil Rashid and James Tredwell are current spin options.
Sim Bhullar is set to become the NBA's first player of Indian descent with the Sacramento Kings. The 22-year-old centre is being called up from the team's NBA Development League affiliate, the Reno Bighorns.
Arsenal beat Liverpool 4-1 at the Emirates Stadium on Saturday to move up to second in the Premier League. Arsene Wenger's side have now won seven games in a row in all competitions this season. The Gunners boss believes his side are finally starting to gel together. CLICK HERE for all the latest Arsenal news  .
Tottenham face Burnley at Turf Moor in the Premier League on Sunday. Hugo Lloris is out with a knee injury and Michel Vorm will deputise in goal for Spurs. Vorm played in all of the Capital One Cup games except the final .
Celtic striker Leigh Griffiths was caught on camera enjoying a biscuit on the bench. The Bhoys beat St Mirren 2-0 in the SPL clash at Paisley on Good Friday.
Rangers have been de-listed from the AIM after chairman Dave King failed to find a new nominated advisor. But manager Stuart McCall does not expect the decision to derail his charge for the play-offs . Rangers welcome newly-crowned Scottish Championship winners Hearts to Ibrox on Sunday   .
Sunderland host Newcastle United at St James' Park on Sunday afternoon in the Premier League. The two sides have won just four of their last 12 games in all competitions. Newcastle are not in danger of relegation but their season has faded away in recent months. John Carver is fighting to secure his future as Newcastle manager beyond the end of the season on Sunday .
Porto have made a habit of selling on players for huge profits since winning the Champions League in 2004. Brazil right back Danilo will join Real Madrid in a deal worth £23million in the summer. Porto have received £440million from player sales in the last 11 years   .
Lionel Messi faces tests on Thursday to determine if he will be fit to face Celta Vigo on Sunday. The Barcelona star missed both of Argentina's games during the international break with a swollen foot. Barcelona are keeping tabs on Lazio midfielder Felipe Anderson and Chelsea target Jose Luis Gaya. Chelsea and Manchester City are also interested in the 19-year-old left back for Valencia .
River Plate vice president Matias Patanian admits the club 'dream of Falcao Garcia' The 29-year-old has struggled during a season-long loan spell at Manchester United. Colombia striker has scored just four Premier League goals on loan at Old Trafford .
Golden State Warriors beat Los Angeles Clippers 110-106 for 10th consecutive victory. LA Clippers blew a 17-point lead and had seven-game winning streak broken. Brooklyn Nets beat Indiana to reclaim sole possession of play-off spot.
Brendan Rodgers failed to make it as a professional footballer despite leaving Northern Ireland for England aged 16. Liverpool boss believes the memory of missing out on a first team spot has helped him to handle Liverpool's young players. Click here for more Liverpool news.
Raheem Sterling admitted he is not yet ready to sign new £100,000-a-week contract at Liverpool. The 20-year-old's comments have heightened speculation that he will leave Anfield this summer. Brendan Rodgers has insisted that Sterling will be going nowhere this summer . The Liverpool manager said Sterling was still young and 'sometimes makes mistakes' . Rodgers said Sterling just has to 'concentrate on his football'
Jamie Carragher watched his son play for the Liverpool U12s in the Mediterranean International Cup. The tournament features over 200 clubs from 36 countries in Girona in northern Spain. Click here for more Liverpool news.
Salford's Rangi Chase charged with making a Grade E dangerous throw on Good Friday. Half-back could be banned for up to eight matches after tackle on Brett Ferres. Chase will appear before an independent disciplinary tribunal on Wednesday .
Bayern Munich beat Borussia Dortmund 1-0 at the Westfalenstadion on Saturday. Thiago came on for the first time in over a year against Dortmund. Midfielder admits it was an emotional moment .
Real Madrid star James Rodriguez will start against Granada on Sunday. The Colombian international has been out for two months with a fractured right foot. Rodriguez has scored 12 goals in 33 games in all competitions since joining the La Liga giants in the summer .
St Etienne want to sign Cardiff full-back Kevin Theophile-Catherine on a permanent deal. The 25-year-old signed for Cardiff from Stade Rennais for £2.1million but has been on loan. He has two years left on his contract at Cardiff .
Castleford Tigers host Warrington Wolves on Easter Monday. Reigning Man of Steel Daryl Clark will be aiming to sink his home-town club. The England hooker left the Tigers at the end of last season last summer.
Salford secured a second win in a row with a 18-12 victory at Huddersfield. Josh Griffin scored a try and kicked three goals for the Red Devils. Carl Forster's try and Griffin's penalty made the game safe  .
Wigan Warriors beat St Helens 12-4 at the DW Stadium on Good Friday. Dom Manfredi, Louie McCarthy-Scarsbrook and Joe Burgess scored tries for Wigan. Saints suffered a second successive defeat for Keiron Cunningham.
Widnes beat Warrington 30-10 in the Cheshire derby at the Select Security Stadium. The game was stopped for eight minutes after a flare was thrown from the stand housing visiting fans but Widnes maintained focus.
England drew 1-1 with Italy in their Euro 2016 qualifier at the Juventus Stadium on Tuesday. The squad had originally been set to leave northern Italy immediately after the game but a technical issue with their plane delayed their flight. England's plane landed in Manchester to allow their northern-based players and staff to disembark before moving on to London on Wednesday .
Andros Townsend scored England's equaliser against Italy in Turin on Tuesday night. The Tottenham winger has scored three goals for the Three Lions so far this season. The 23-year-old has been sent out to nine different clubs on loan by Spurs. Click here for all the latest Tottenham news .
Graziano Pelle scored in Italy's 1-1 draw with England at the Juventus Stadium on Tuesday night. The Southampton striker has not scored in the Premier League since December. Pelle has struggled in front of goal for Southampton .
England and Manchester City goalkeeper Joe Hart has lavished praise on fellow goalkeeper Gianluigi Buffon. Hart has labelled Buffon a 'legend of the game' after seeing the Italian veteran claim his 147th cap against England .
La Gazzetta dello Sport score England forward Theo Walcott five out of 10 for his performance against Italy. England captain Wayne Rooney, goalscorer Andros Townsend and substitute Ross Barkley all receive seven out of ten. Italy national team boss Antonio Conte and Southampton striker Graziano Pelle receive high praise for the Azzurri's 1-1 draw.
Five staff members left the Royal Easter Show with serious injuries after taking a joy ride on the closed Super Slide. It is understood a group of eight contracted workers broke into the 52-metre slide after it was closed due to heavy rain. The slide underwent a safety check Sunday morning and was cleared for use .
Tens of thousands of teachers could strike in autumn, potentially causing temporary school closures. National Union of Teachers expected to call for a vote on industrial action this weekend. Last time teachers went on strike was in July, 2013 .
Personal trainer Rob Edmond, 36, ran 517 miles from Perthshire to Wiltshire in nine days. Zara Tindall, 33, joined him for the final leg of the challenge at the Tedworth House Help for Heroes recovery centre. The equestrienne pretended to pull her rugby player husband Mike along on the barrel.
The male tortoise was pictured trying to mate with a female at Kiev Zoo. But instead of getting lucky, the blundering reptile lost its balance, sending it toppling over onto its back. The amusing moment was caught on camera.
Northampton beaten by Clermont at Stade Marcel-Michelin on Saturday night. Nick Abendanon scored two tries and Brock James kicked three penalties for the hosts. Northampton knocked out of the Champions Cup .
Nuri Sahin claims Arsenal tried to lure him from Borussia Dortmund with a 'great bid' in 2005. But the Turkey international didn't go because his family wanted to stay in Germany. Sahin spent five months on loan at Liverpool last season.
Antonio Nuñez, 59, was said to be arguing with the woman, who has not been named, at his home in San Antonio, Texas, on Monday morning.
Residents of Beckley Club Estates in Dallas, Texas, say they saw a man approach a male peacock, who was in the middle of its mating ritual .
Kevin Sinfield will quit rugby league at the end of the season and join Yorkshire Carnegie. Sinfield is closing in on third place in rugby league's all-time scoring list with 3,997 points. Former Leeds and England coach Tony Smith admits he was shocked by Sinfield's decision.
Manuel Pellegrini admits Manchester City's Academy players are not ready for first-team action. FA chairman Greg Dyke wants to increase the quota of homegrown players to 12 in Premier League squads. Raheem Sterling would fit the bill for City if his impasse with Liverpool isn't resolved. CLICK HERE for all the latest Manchester City news.
The lamb named Winter stands very still with its head lowered towards the baby duck. The duck begins pecking away at the lamb's head and neck as if grooming its woollen coat.
Tyler MacNiven won the ninth season of The Amazing Race and a $1million prize. He and his fiancee Kelly Hennigan made a three-minute film to give friends and family a heads up on their upcoming nuptials.
CCTV footage shows the thieves in action at the Shell fuel stop along Ygnacio Valley Road in Walnut Creek. While one man distracts a cashier at the window, another leads a cable from the back of a white pickup to the cash machine in the background .
Veteran broadcaster Peter Alliss has sparked controversy by claiming gender equality laws have backfired. Alliss, 84, has said that legislation designed to stop golf clubs discriminating against female members has instead prompted a decline in women’s membership. in the game.
The Glass House in Chislehurst, south east London, was designed and built as a Cold War bunker in 1951. It was built to accomodate civil servants in the event of a nuclear attack and was built with five foot thick concrete walls. The property, known as the Glass House, has now been put on the market for £3.5million  .
The last four Premier League winners have all left their jobs by the following year. Jose Mourinho, Carlo Ancelotti, Roberto Mancini and Manuel Pellegrini all left after winning the title. Sir Alex Ferguson won a record 13th title in 2013 but retired in 2013. Click here for more Premier League news .
Carlisle United lost 3-1 at Accrington Stanley in their League Two clash on Saturday. Keith Curle's side are without a win in five games in League Two. The Cumbrians are just two places and three points above the relegation zone  .
MailOnline ran a story on April Fools' Day stating that both pre-match teamtalks by Per Mertesacker and Jordan Henderson would be streamed live to the world. The story was of course a hoax but it still managed to create plenty of confusion for Arsene Wenger and the assembled press at Thursday's pre-Liverpool press conference. Wenger is informed that the story was a hoax and no truth.
Oscar posted a picture of him swigging from a bottle of sweets ahead of Chelsea's clash with Stoke. The Chelsea forward also scored in Brazil's recent 3-1 victory against France in Paris . Juventus scouts were present at the Stade de France to watch Oscar in action  .
Everton stars Leighton Baines and Luke Garbutt visited Alder Hey Children’s Hospital on Wednesday. The Toffees duo handed out Easter eggs and posed for photographs in the wards of the West Derby hospital following their training session .
Charlie Sumner, 20, staged a one-man pitch invasion at Reading's Madejski Stadium last month. He did four front flips on the pitch, landing on his back each time, before being tackled by stewards. He is now facing a potential three-year ban for carrying out the stunt.
Mesut Ozil posted a picture on Twitter of him playing with his dog after returning to London. The German star was in fine form as Germany beat Georgia 2-0 on Sunday. Ozil will start against Liverpool at the Emirates Stadium .
Yaya Toure was accused by Jamie Carragher of ducking out of the way of Jason Puncheon's free-kick. The Manchester City midfielder was part of a five-man wall when Puncheon stepped up to double Crystal Palace's lead at Selhurst Park.
Lionel Messi should be fit to play for Barcelona against Celta Vigo, according to Gerard Pique. Messi suffered a foot injury in Barcelona's 2-1 win over Real Madrid last month and didn't feature in Argentina friendlies.
Greg Dyke was given one of a limited edition of Parmigiani watches by the Brazilian FA during the World Cup. Dyke initially refused to hand it back having promised to donate it to the FA's official charity partner, Breast Cancer Care. FIFA's ethics committee has confirmed receipt of the item and closed proceedings.
Tyler Walker scored his first senior goal for Nottingham Forest against Brentford on Monday. The 18-year-old striker is the son of former England defender Des Walker. Forest boss Dougie Freedman believes he has a big future at the club.
Peter Alliss claims gender equality laws have 'b******* up the game' for a lot of people. Broadcaster also claims the BBC should have done more to secure the Open Championship coverage. The 2016 Open Championship will be the last to be broadcast live on the BBC .
Amanda Beringer asked her brother Brad Fraser to make a toast at her wedding at Eagle Bay, south of Perth. Far from a conventional toast, Mr Fraser's song poked fun at the burdens of marriage in place of their father.
John Daniel Tohill, 37, made contact with his family this week for the first time since 2005. He was last heard from by family in 2005 after he left Nelson on the Tasman bay to travel north of the country .
YouTube videos show four-month-old Noah Monte perfectly balancing on the palm of his father's hand. As he whizzes up and down, the infant manages to keep his legs and body upright as he remains airborne .
Lucy Garrod, 27, developed an ulcer known as a corneal abrasion, caused by a bacterial infection. She had worn contact lenses for 12 years with no problem, but woke up one day with itchy and irritable eye. Doctors said ulcer was growing on the surface of her eye, millimetres from permanently blinding her.
David Luiz picked up a hamstring injury in PSG's 3-2 win over Marseille on Sunday. The Brazilian defender went off after 35 minutes after being caught by a stray leg. PSG face Barcelona in the first leg of their Champions League quarter-final on April 15. Reports suggest the 27-year-old will have scans on Monday .
The critters were filmed at Indiana's Indianapolis Zoo after getting a makeshift backboard and hoop installed in their pen. March Madness is set to come to a close tonight at Lucas Oil Stadium.
Fritz the Golden Retriever from California appears to lack any eye-mouth co-ordination skills. He was filmed wearing bunny ears this Easter trying - and miserably failing - to catch a hard-boiled egg.
A video uploaded by YouTube user Shkesi shows a baby girl mesmerized by a toy mothering hen. As the motorized plush bird bounces up and down and pops out an egg the infant.
Incredible weather event took place in Siberia’s third largest city, Krasnoyarsk. Snow and sleet plunge Yenisei River into darkness in matter of seconds.
Incident took place in the sky over Russia’s Dmitrov district. Three people were hospitalised with cuts and bruises but are in a stable condition. Incident was captured on camera.
The footage shows the two-metre long reptile balance at the top of a towering power pole while swallowing its prey. The lizard swings its neck back and forth as it battles to swallow its ill-fated catch.
Christopher Dodd, 24, and Fay Purdham, 27, grew up together as boys playing football and Playstation. The pair lost touch as teenagers after Miss Purdam began her transition to become a woman at the age of 23. They reunited years later and are now planning their dream wedding  .
Loushanna and Shawn Craig had gone to Tenerife for three-day break to mark birthday and anniversary. But Mrs Craig was marooned on island for up to two weeks after her biometric ID card was stolen. Ryanair staff refused to let her fly home.
Rory McIlroy was on the cover of Men's Health magazine and admitted he was 'obsessed with the gym' Sir Nick Faldo voiced his concern that the 25-year-old was spending too much time on the weights. The Northern Irishman is bidding for a fifth major.
Residents from Alderholt, Dorset, woke to discover a chocolate egg on their doorsteps. Rob Wood, 67, said: 'It is just such a lovely gesture. It's never happened before'
Notts County have appointed Ricardo Moniz as their new manager. The Magpies have been without a permanent manager since the departure of Shaun Derry on March 23. The 50-year-old Dutchman has six games to save his new side from relegation into League Two .
Dundee United have lost seven of their last nine matches in all competitions. Paul Hartley's side face Dundee United at Dens Park on Wednesday night . Dundee are without a win in three matches, following up their defeat to Ross County with 1-1 draws .
Aston Villa host Queens Park Rangers in the Premier League on Tuesday night. Tim Sherwood's side are six points adrift of the relegation zone. Chris Ramsey led QPR to a 4-1 victory at West Brom on Saturday but Sherwood is wary .
Graeme McDowell has made the cut just twice in seven attempts at Augusta National. The former US Open champion is optimistic he can improve on his Masters record this week. The Northern Irishman has vowed to play 'aggressive' golf to help improve his record.
Tiger Woods has not won a major since the 2008 US Open at Augusta National. The 39-year-old is returning from a self-imposed break from golf to recover from injuries and a dip in form. Woods completed 11 holes of practice ahead of the 2015 Masters on Monday .
Ben Crenshaw will stand in for Arnold Palmer in the par-three competition at the Masters. Palmer is unable to play because of a dislocated shoulder. The 85-year-old will be an honorary starter.
Tomas Berdych defeated Juan Monaco 6-3, 6-4 in the Miami Open quarter-finals on Wednesday. The Czech will face Andy Murray in the semi-finals in Miami on Thursday. The pair met in the Australian Open semi-final in January .
Roger Federer posted a picture of himself posing with a snowball and his racket on his Twitter account. The 33-year-old was wearing the scarf of FC Basel, the football team he supports. Federer won the Key Biscayne event in 2005.
Lewis Ferguson was mucking out the stables as usual at Paul Nicholls' yard on Thursday morning. The 18-year-old survived a spectacular fall from Merrion Square in the 4.20pm at Wincanton on Wednesday. His double somersault horror fall has been watched hundreds of thousands of times online.
Exeter Chiefs beat Newcastle Falcons 48-13 to set up semi-final showdown with Gloucester. Chiefs outscored their opponents six tries to one at Sandy Park. Exeter will face Gloucester in final .
Saracens chairman Nigel Wray has dismissed rugby’s salary caps rules as ‘a farce’. Documents show his club's wage bill soared by another £1million last season alone despite investigation. The Mail on Sunday can reveal Saracens’ mounting debt has topped £40m - the most in rugby history.
Liam Plunkett is fighting for a place in the England Test side with Chris Jordan and Mark Wood. The 29-year-old wants to use his pace to lead England to victory against the West Indies .
Alastair Cook feels Jonathan Trott is ready for international cricket return. Warwickshire batsman has been in fine form for England Lions and rightly deserved call-up. Trott could make 50th Test appearance in Antigua next week.
Alastair Cook feared Jonathan Trott's international career was over 18 months ago. But the batsman is now ready to face the 'pressure cooker' of international cricket. Trott and Cook are heavy favourites to open the batting together in West Indies .
Martin Guptill has not represented New Zealand at Test level since 2013 tour of England. Matt Henry has been called up to the Test squad for the first time. New Zealand will also be without Daniel Vettori after he retired following their seven wicket loss to Australia .
Barney Gibson became the youngest first-class cricketer in Yorkshire's history in 2011. The Leeds-born wicketkeeper made his debut just 27 days after his 15th birthday. The 19-year-old said it was a 'difficult decision' to retire  .
Jonathan Trott returned to the England set-up for the first time since leaving last winter's Ashes tour. The batsman has impressed since returning for Warwickshire and the England Lions, earning his return .
Kevin Pietersen signed a new contract with Surrey last month. The 34-year-old will play against Oxford MCCU in The Parks on April 12. Pietersen is hoping to press for an England recall through weight of runs in County Championship .
Australian all-rounder Moises Henriques will play in the NatWest T20 Blast for Surrey. The 28-year-old will join after the Indian Premier League season ends. Henriques is capped by Australia in all formats.
Smith won pommel horse silver and team bronze at the London 2012 Olympic Games. World all-around silver medallist Max Whitlock and Olympic team-mates Kristian Thomas, Sam Oldham and Daniel Purvis also selected in six-man.
The world endurance championship have announced that there will be no more 'grid girls' before races. The decision by the FIA is seen as a progressive one by those in a male-dominated sport like Formula One .
John Higgins defeated Judd Trump 5-4 to reach the quarter-finals of the China Open. Higgins will face defending champion and local favourite Ding Junhui in the last eight. Mark Selby beat David Gilbert and Shaun Murphy beat Jamie Jones .
Matt Upson ruled out of Leicester's clash with West Ham with achilles injury. Jeff Schlupp will be assessed after playing in Ghana's 1-1 draw with Mali on Tuesday. Winston Reid set to return from injury for Hammers after recovering from hamstring problem to face Foxes .
Jonas Gutierrez was the surprise inclusion in the Newcastle side against Sunderland . The Argentine has twice beaten testicular cancer and only returned as a substitute last month . Jack Colback was not protected from the home fans' gauntlet of hate from John Carver .
Queens Park Rangers host West Brom at The Hawthorns (Saturday, 3pm) West Brom's Craig Dawson suspended after red card wrongly given to Gareth McAuley against Manchester City. Ben Foster ruled out for six months with damaged knee ligaments. QPR youngster Darnell Furlong likely to miss out with calf injury and Alejandro Faurlin out .
Sam Allardyce wants West Ham to qualify for the Europa League through Fair Play. The Hammers are currently ninth in the Premier League table and top of the Fair Play table. West Ham face Leicester City at the King Power Stadium.
Stuart McCall reveals Lee McCulloch apologised to him and the Rangers players after being sent off. McCulloch was sent off during Rangers' 2-1 win against Hearts on Easter Sunday. McCall paid tribute to 40,521 Rangers fans .
Rangers face Hearts at Ibrox on Sunday in the Scottish Championship on Sunday. David Templeton will form part of a Rangers guard of honour to recognise the outstanding Championship success of his former club. The winger remains adamant he can prove his worth by rekindling the kind of form he showed.
Spanish papers report on the attacking options that Real Madrid boss Carlo Ancelotti has at the Bernabeu. In Italy, the fallout at the demise of Inter Milan continues with a huge divide between Italian and foreign playing and non-playing staff.
Real Madrid thrash Granada 9-1 at the Bernabeu. Cristiano Ronaldo scores five, Karim Benzema two, Gareth Bale one and Diego Mainz one. Robert Ibanez scored a consolation for Granada. Real Madrid have now won all three of their La Liga games this season   .
Lyon beat Guingamp 3-1 to move back to the top of Ligue 1 for 24 hours. Nabil Fekir's goal and Alexandre Lacazette's penalty gave Lyon their first win in three games. Montpellier came from behind to beat Bastia and move six points off the European places. Click here for more news .
Roma ended four-month winless streak at home with victory over Napoli in Serie A. Miralem Pjanic scored in the 25th minute to put Roma ahead at the Stadio Olimpico. Morgan de Sanctis was excellent.
Bayern Munich face Borussia Dortmund in Der Klassiker at Signal Iduna Park on Saturday evening. The two sides are separated by nine Bundesliga places and 31 points. A Dortmund win would make a little dent in Bayern's 10-point lead but isn't likely to derail their serene progress to retaining the shield.
Russian Premier League match between Arsenal Tula and Torpedo Moscow stopped for seven minutes on Sunday. Fighting broke out between fans on the running track after they managed to climb over barriers. The match was eventually resumed and the visitors ran out 3-1 winners.
Manchester United host Aston Villa at Old Trafford on Saturday (3pm kick-off) Robin van Persie ruled out of the game with an ankle injury. Luke Shaw has recovered from a hamstring problem but Chris Smalling is a big doubt. Ron Vlaar could return for Aston Villa .
Hull are in 15th place in the Premier League, three points off the relegation zone. Steve Bruce's side have a tough run-in with five of their last eight matches against clubs in the top seven  .
Arsenal host Liverpool at the Emirates Stadium on Saturday (12.45pm) Everton host Southampton at Goodison Park (3pm) Manchester United face Aston Villa (4pm) Burnley face Tottenham Hotspur (1.30pm) on Sunday. Crystal Palace host Manchester City (8pm) at Selhurst Park .
The Premier League returns this weekend after the fourth international break of the season. Everton lead the post-international Premier League table with three wins from three after the break . Chelsea have won all three of their matches following the international break, while Manchester United are unbeaten.
Kolo Toure has warned Raheem Sterling that leaving Liverpool could see him end up on the scrapheap at a big club. Toure compared Sterling's situation with that of Jack Rodwell and Scott Sinclair joining Manchester City. The midfielder says Liverpool is the best place for Sterling to continue his development at the club  .
It has been eight years since an English club won the Heineken Cup in European rugby. There are four English sides in the last eight of the new Champions Cup this season. Toulon are destined to finish on top of the pile for the third successive year. Leinster, Bath and Wasps are all firm underdogs .
Raheem Sterling said in an interview he was not ready to sign a new contract at Liverpool. The England international has been linked with a move to Arsenal this summer . Liverpool face the Gunners at Anfield on Saturday in the Premier League on Sunday .
Wales' crunch Euro 2016 qualifier with Belgium this summer has been declared a 33,000 sell-out. The top two sides in Group B meet at the Cardiff City Stadium on June 12. Wales are in their best position to qualify for a major tournament since the 1958 World Cup finals in Sweden .
Stoke City manager Mark Hughes confident he will have money to spend in the summer transfer window. Asmir Begovic is out of contract at the Britannia Stadium at the end of the season and could be targeted by clubs .
Raheem Sterling rejected Liverpool's contract offer of £100,000-a-week. The 20-year-old has been linked with moves to Arsenal, Real Madrid and Barcelona. Sterling says he is focusing on winning trophies with Liverpool .
Raheem Sterling has turned down a new deal with Liverpool and put off contract talks until the summer. Sterling's current £35,000-a-week deal at Liverpool has two years to run at the end of this season. The 20-year-old has attracted interest from Real Madrid, Bayern Munich, Manchester City and Arsenal. Sterling says he would have signed a less lucrative deal if he had been offered one last year. CLICK HERE for all the latest Liverpool news .
Arsene Wenger has revealed the selection process he uses to pick his Arsenal team. The Arsenal manager agonises over his starting line-up all week. Wenger has won three Premier League titles and five FA Cups .
Raheem Sterling will wait until the summer to make a decision on his future at Liverpool. The 20-year-old has two years left on his current £35,000-a-week deal at the club. Sterling scored for England in their 4-0 win over Lithuania at Wembley last Friday night. The Liverpool forward has been used at wing back by Brendan Rodgers this season. CLICK HERE for all the latest Liverpool transfer news   .
Brendan Rodgers says he is 'relaxed' about Raheem Sterling's future at Liverpool. The 20-year-old has been offered a new £100,000-a-week contract to stay at the club. Sterling has been linked with a move away from Anfield in the summer. The England star said in a TV interview that he was 'flattered' by interest from Arsenal. Rodgers says Liverpool are a 'superpower' of world football and don't have to sell their best players. He admits that Sterling's interview was conducted without the prior consent of the club and 'took them by surprise' .
Gerardo Martino's Argentina beat Ecuador 2-1 at the MetLife Stadium in New Jersey on Tuesday night. Sergio Aguero opened the scoring after eight minutes before Miller Bolanos equalised midway through the first half. Javier Pastore scored the winner in the 58th minute after an Ecuador clearance .
Stoke striker Bojan Krkic has picked his Premier League team of the season. Striker has been recovering from a serious knee injury which ended his debut season with the Potters in January. The former AC Milan and Roma forward has been keeping up-to-date with the Premier League. Bojan picks David de Gea, Ryan Shawcross, Branislav Ivanovic, Alexis Sanchez, Steven Nzonzi, Sergio Aguero and Eden Hazard .
Ben Hiscox, 30, was playing a home game for Stoke Gifford United in Bristol on Saturday. He slipped on the wet ground following the tackle and slammed his head on the clubhouse wall. Striker was knocked unconscious and rushed to intensive care for urgent treatment. But three days later, he suffered two seizures and died in hospital, three days after the accident .
Richard Henyekane, a former South Africa striker, killed in car crash early Tuesday morning. He was traveling with four other people in the vehicle but was the only person to die. South Africa has a poor road safety record.
Former St Mirren boss set to take over at Scottish Championship club Alloa Athletic. Paddy Connolly has been in temporary charge of the Wasps since Barry Smith resigned. Lennon took charge of Scotland Under 21 side last month.
Ludogorets beat CSKA Sofia 4-0 in Champions League play-off in August. Cosmin Moti's tackle on Stefan Nikolic sent the Bulgarian forward crashing to the floor. Referee waved play on after Moti connected cleanly .
Raheem Sterling started Liverpool's 4-1 defeat at Arsenal on Saturday. The 20-year-old has turned down a new £100,000-a-week contract with the club. Brendan Rodgers insists Sterling will still be a Liverpool player next season despite contract row .
Brian O'Driscoll was snapped crowd surfing at a party in Hong Kong this week. His wife Amy Huberman caught wind of the picture on social media and posted it on Monday. The Irish rugby legend's wife later posted a picture of him holding a Toblerone .
Darren Bent is on loan at Derby County from Aston Villa until the end of the season. The former England striker has opened the door on a return to Villa Park. Paul Lambert was sacked by Villa Park in February .
FA chairman Greg Dyke wants to increase the number of home-grown players in club squads from eight to 12. Graham Taylor, Glenn Hoddle, Kevin Keegan, Sven-Goran Eriksson and Steve McClaren have signed letter. The five former Three Lions bosses warn the English game will suffer if it blocks proposals.
Rory McIlroy believes Jeff Knox reads the Augusta putting surfaces better than anyone he has ever seen. Knox played as a non-competing marker with Mc Ilroy when the Northern Irishman was first man out in the third round last year. Knox answered the call from Tiger Woods to play a practice round on Friday.
J B Holmes won the Houston Open after two play-off holes at the Shell Houston Open. Johnson Wagner saw a four-foot putt lip out on the third hole to hand the title to Holmes. Jordan Spieth was eliminated on the first hole after bogeying .
Kelvin Day is playing in his first PGA Tour event and has a chance of making the Masters. Jordan Spieth leads the way at the Shell Houston Open in Houston.
Tiger Woods confirmed his participation at The Masters at Augusta next week. Phil Mickelson capped his resurgence in form with rounds of 66 or 67 at the Houston Open. Justin Rose continued his upturn in form and is four shots off the pace .
Danny Willett is aiming to become the first debutant to win The Masters since Fuzzy Zoeller in 1979. The 27-year-old Yorkshireman finished joint 12th at last month's WGC-Cadillac Championship in Doral.
Leeds Rhinos' Paul Aiton has been nominated for the Super League Player of the Month award. Hull Kingston Rovers' Albert Kelly and Warrington Wolves' Matt Russell also on the shortlist. Fans have until April 10th to register their votes for March .
Michael Carrick has played for England for 13 years, 310 days. The 33-year-old made his debut against Mexico in May 2001 as a teenager with West Ham United. Sir Stanley Matthews won 54 caps for England over a 23-year period.
Steve Bruce has promised his wife Janet he will go on a diet after unflattering paparazzi pictures. Hull manager says he was 'disappointed' that the pictures were published. Bruce says Premier League clubs should do more to produce talent.
Teofil Brank, better known by his stage name Jarec Wentworth, was arrested on March 4 by the FBI in Los Angeles. Investigators said he tried to exact the ownership of a condo and $1 million in cash from the victim. He faces up to two years in prison over the blackmail charges.
Mauricio Pochettino wants to meet with the FA before making any decision on Harry Kane's involvement in the forthcoming European Under 21 Championship. England manager Roy Hodgson confirmed this week that Kane will be available for the competition in the Czech Republic this summer .
Fans have adapted by going back to the future and using their pocket-sized digital cameras or their old 35mm bodies and lenses. When play begins on Thursday, fans will have to put them back on the shelves  .
The dog was found in a pool of his own blood on a rural road in Cass County, North Dakota. He needed more than 50 stitches after being set upon with an eight inch blade and is now on the road to recovery.
Theo Walcott was replaced after 55 minutes of England's 1-1 draw with Italy on Tuesday. Arsene Wenger admits he is concerned about the Gunners winger's confidence. Walcott could face Liverpool on Saturday with Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain out and Danny Welbeck a major doubt with a knee problem .
Sir Alex Ferguson enjoyed a trophy-laden 26-and-a-half years in the Manchester United hotseat. The Scot won 38 trophies - including 13 Premier League titles and two Champions League titles. Click here for more Manchester United news.
Premier League leaders Chelsea are poised to join the battle for Raheem Sterling. Chelsea want to be kept informed about the 20-year-old's future as they join hunt with Arsenal and Manchester City. Sterling has claimed he is not motivated by money in stalling over a £100,000-a-week contract.
Raheem Sterling has rejected a new contract worth £100,000-a-week at Liverpool. The 20-year-old has become embroiled in a storm that has made him out to be on par with Michael Owen, Steven Gerrard, Steve McManaman and Robbie Fowler. Liverpool boss Brendan Rodgers insists Sterling will not be sold in the summer transfer window. Sterling was named Liverpool's Young Player of the Year for 2013-14 last year .
Adam McBurney has been capped for the Ireland Under-20s and recently played in their Six Nations campaign. He was not at his home in County Antrim, Northern Ireland when it was targeted on Easter Sunday. Neighbours said he could have been killed .
Momin Hopur, a Uighur celebrity chef, spent five hours cooking the camel at the annual Apricot Tourism Festival. The 450kg beast was coated in a lurid yellow marinade before being lowered by crane into a 6m-tall tandoor kiln in Jining, China.
Sam Tomkins has been released by the New Zealand Warriors at the end of the season. Wigan have an option to re-sign Tomkins on a 'defined salary' on his return to Super League. England full-back wants to be back in England around his family .
David Luiz limped off in the first-half of PSG's game against Marseille on Sunday. The Brazilian defender will miss both legs of the Champions League quarter-final tie with Barcelona. PSG could be forced to play eight matches without the 27-year-old for the next four weeks.
Referee Mark Clattenburg will take charge of the Manchester derby on Sunday. The 40-year-old has sent off three players from United and City this season. City captain Vincent Kompany was sent off during Belgium's 1-0 defeat of Israel.
TV presenter Lisa Oldfield decided she had to make a change to tackle her weight after her son sketched an unflattering portrait of her. The 40-year-old former Channel 9 host said she barely recognised herself in the drawing. The mum-of-two said she hated looking at pictures of herself due to the weight she gained since having children. The surgery cost $10,000  .
Dr Neil Phillips was England's team doctor at the 1966 World Cup. Phillips was promoted from his role as Under-23 team doctor just before the tournament. He left the FA in 1974 following Sir Alf Ramsey.
Smartphones are the most common internet-enabled device, with an average of 1.7 per household. Four in 10 households now own one tablet, one fifth have two, and 11 per cent.
Francis Bakvis stumbled upon the gruesome spectacle on Sunday while searching for his pet cat Tiger. The 16-year-old cat had been missing for three days. Scrub pythons can grow to be up to eight metres long and eat large mammals.
Manchester United beat Aston Villa 2-0 at Old Trafford to make it five Premier League wins on the bounce. Juan Mata has been in fine form for Louis van Gaal's side this season. The Spaniard says United must take each game as a final.
Police were called to the scene in the North Las Vegas neighborhood at about 11.30am on Thursday. The incident was deemed an accident and no charges will be filed. The girl was going to turn two this weekend  .
Travis Hatfield, 21, from Gilbert, West Virginia sung a George Jones hit to his 47-year-old uncle, Jamie Joe Cline. The video of the two of them playing music together and singing He Stopped Loving Her Today has gone viral with more than 410,000 views so far .
Dayna Dobias, 19, from Downers Grove, Illinois, was born with cerebral palsy. She hopes to change the way people with disabilities are represented in the industry.
Radamel Falcao and Sergio Aguero feature in 'Head to Head' video for sponsors Puma. Manchester United and Manchester City meet at Old Trafford on Sunday in the Premier League derby. The South American duo battle it out in a cage-style match in the video. Aguero scores a late equaliser as United come from behind to draw 2-2.
Lydia Kelm, 23, had a blood-alcohol content of .247 when police tested her after showing up to the McDonald's in Leesburg, Florida, early Monday. Police say she revved her engine loudly and backed up twice, prompting workers to yell repeatedly for her to move forward at the drive-through window.
Dashcam footage shows a giant St. Bernard running across a road somewhere in the Czech Republic with a child trailing behind. Two men watching the bizarre scene from their car are heard chuckling.
New York City police are searching for a man who was caught on a surveillance camera dumping an unconscious woman on a street in Queens over the weekend. The NYPD released the video Tuesday, along with a photo of the victim in the hospital in hopes of identifying her. The woman was critically injured and still has not regained consciousness.
British Airways, easyJet, Ryanair and Flybe among airlines set to cancel dozens of flights. Passengers travelling abroad by ferry or Eurotunnel face queues as border control checks are introduced. New rules mean every passenger in a car or coach will have their passport scanned. British Airways warns of 'significant disruption'
Colin Graves has made a habit of talking before thinking since being announced as ECB chairman. He has created a soap opera that will run and run now Pietersen has rejoined Surrey and put huge pressure on England middle order.
Greg Gibbins, 28, was stabbed in the chest outside a pizza shop in Toukley on the Central Coast of NSW on Sunday night. The Wyong Roos rugby league player was treated at the scene by paramedics before he went into cardiac arrest but later died. A 20-year-old man was arrested on Monday night and charged with murder. Police say the attack was 'unprovoked' and described him as a 'good citizen' . Family and friends have paid tribute to a 'top bloke' who loved travelling, sports and parties .
FIFA president Sepp Blatter is up for re-election on May 29. Luis Figo and Michael van Praag are the two other candidates against Blatter. Figo does not believe all 54 votes from African nations will go to the Swissman  .
Real Madrid travel to Rayo Vallecano in La Liga on Wednesday night. Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals in Real Madrid's 9-1 win against Granada at the weekend. Lionel Messi could play against Almeria on Wednesday for 50th consecutive week. Edinson Cavani linked with move to AC Milan in Italy.
Christian Benteke scored a hat-trick to rescue a point for Aston Villa against Queens Park Rangers. Charlie Austin had given QPR the lead with a late goal at Villa Park. Tim Sherwood's side move above Hull to 16th in the Premier League and above the relegation zone .
Manchester United host Manchester City at Old Trafford on Sunday afternoon. Louis van Gaal's side sit third in the Premier League table, one point above rivals City. Phil Jones wants United to 'turn up and play their football' against their 'noisy neighbours'
Vincent Kompany believes a win against Manchester United will help rectify City's season. Manuel Pellegrini's side were beaten 2-0 by Crystal Palace on Monday night . Click here for all the latest Manchester City news.
Bradley Neil has received the backing of world No 1 Rory McIlroy as he ponders when to turn professional. Neil won the Amateur championship at Royal Portrush last year. The 19-year-old Scot admits he may turn professional before September .
Rory McIlroy is bidding to complete the career grand slam by winning the Masters. The world No 1 is hoping to join Gene Sarazen, Ben Hogan, Gary Player, Jack Nicklaus and Tiger Woods in winning all four titles.
John Isner beat Kei Nishikori of Japan 6-4, 6-3 in Miami Open quarter-finals. Isner is the first American to reach the semi-finals in Miami since 2011. Andy Murray takes on Tomas Berdych in other semi final.
Andy Murray takes on Tomas Berdych in the Miami Open semi-final on Friday. The British No 1 will have two of his former team in the opposite corner of the court. Fitness trainer Jez Green and coach Danny Vallverdu left Murray's team to work with the Czech star .
Carla Suarez Navarro beat Andrea Petkovic in straight sets to reach the Miami Open final. The 12th-seed didn't face a single break point and will play either Serena Williams or Simona Halep in Saturday's final. Williams and Halep will play Thursday night.
Lewis Ferguson was flung from his horse in spectacular fashion at Wincanton. The 18-year-old has just a cut on his nose to show for the fall which has made him an internet sensation .
Shutthefrontdoor is favourite for the Crabbie's Grand National at Aintree on April 11. Jonjo O'Neill hopes jockey AP McCoy will ride the horse to victory. McCoy is about to gain his 20th consecutive jockeys' championship.
Saracens beat Racing Metro 12-11 at the Stade Yves-Du-Manoir. Marcelo Bosch kicked the winning penalty with 10 seconds left on the clock in the quarter-final .
Marcelo Bosch kicked the match-winning penalty from long-range to snatch Saracens a semi-final berth. Racing Metro 92 were dumped out of the Champions Cup in the quarter-final . Alex Goode and Max Machenaud scored tries for Sarries in the first half to give them a 3-0 lead . Charlie Hodgson kicked the first penalty of the match to give the home side the lead  .
Matt Prior has not played since July because of an achilles injury. Sussex head coach Mark Robinson says wicketkeeper is out 'indefinitely' . Prior admitted he may never play Test cricket for England again  .
Ryuichi Kiyonari bettered the Donington Park lap record to take pole start. The Japanese rider powered in a scorching time of one minute 29.455 seconds ahead of James Ellison in second.
Mark Selby beat Gary Wilson 10-2 in the final of the Baic Motor China Open on Sunday. Selby dominated the best-of-19 showpiece to earn his sixth ranking title and £85,000.
Wisconsin ended Kentucky's bid to become the first college basketball team to remain undefeated in nearly 40 years. Wisconsin will play Duke, an 81-61 winner over Michigan State in the earlier semi-final, at the Lucas Oil Stadium in Indianapolis on Monday.
Tom Daley hopes his new 'firework' dive can help win Olympic gold at the 2016 Rio de Janiero Games. The 20-year-old spent the winter modifying the plunge with his new coach Jane Figueiredo.
Memphis Grizzlies moved into a tie for the second seed in the NBA's Southwest Division with a 100-92 win over Oklahoma City. San Antonio stayed within two games of the No 2 playoff seed by routing Denver. Brooklyn Nets extend its winning streak with a narrow victory over Toronto Raptors .
Tottenham Hotspur lost 1-0 to Burnley in the Premier League at Turf Moor on Sunday. Harry Kane was made captain for the first time this season at the age of 21 years and 251 days. The England striker failed to hit a shot on target for the second time in four games. Tottenham's chances of qualifying for the Champions League remain remote.
Ki Sung-Yueng and Bafetimbi Gomis scored to give Swansea a 2-0 lead against Hull at the Liberty Stadium. Paul McShane pulled a goal back for Hull five minutes into the second half. David Meyler was sent off for Hull two minutes later after fouling Kyle Naughton . The defender picked up an ankle injury during the match .
Esteban Cambiasso says keeping Leicester City in the Premier League would be like winning a trophy. The Foxes are seven points adrift at the bottom of the table with eight games remaining . The former Inter Milan star signed for the Foxes in the summer  .
Newcastle United lost 1-0 to Sunderland in the Tyne-Wear derby at the Stadium of Light on Sunday. Defender Daryl Janmaat played the full 90 minutes despite a suspected calf muscle tear. Jermain Defoe scored the winning goal on the stroke of half-time.
Graziano Pelle has not scored in his last 13 Premier League games for Southampton. The Italy striker scored against England in Tuesday's 1-1 friendly draw at St Mary's. The 29-year-old has thanked Saints fans for their support.
Stuart McCall says he was warned not to take the Rangers job by former boss Walter Smith. The Gers boss has seen his new side win their last three games in a row. Gers beat Hearts 2-1 on Sunday to move back into second place .
Win a pair of Nike Magista Obra boots signed by England and Manchester City goalkeeper Joe Hart. The lucky prize winner will also receive a Gillette Fusion ProGlide razor and shaving foam worth £4.99.
Former Sunderland defender Danny Higginbotham played under Roy Keane for a season in 2007-08. The Black Cats drew 1-1 with Aston Villa at the Stadium of Light on December 15, 2007. Keane sat his players down in the home changing room and gave them a 'bizarre' team talk.
Vincent Duport has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a shoulder injury. The France international suffered a ruptured tendon in the Dragons' 33-22 defeat at Hull FC on March 20.
Bayern Munich face Bayer Leverkusen in the German Cup quarter-final on Wednesday. Pep Guardiola will be without Arjen Robben, Franck Ribery, David Alaba, Javi Martinez and Tom Starke. Bastian Schweinsteiger also ruled out.
Manchester City have not won a Premier League game having trailed at half-time in almost 20 years. Manuel Pellegrini's side lost 2-1 to Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park on Monday night. The last time City managed to win having been in a losing position was on April 17, 1995 against Blackburn Rovers.
Tiger Woods was pictured giving his children hugs during the second day of practice at Augusta National Golf Club. The former World No1 has returned to action after taking a break from golf to recover from a series of niggling injuries and rediscover form.
Rory McIlroy will be hoping to complete a career grand slam at Augusta National. Tiger Woods will be accompanied by his two children when he plays the traditional three-par tournament. Henrik Stenson has been playing down his chances after coming down with a bout of flu at the Masters .
The 79th Masters gets underway at Augusta National on Thursday. Tiger Woods returns to action for the first time since February. Bubba Watson is the defending champion in a field that includes Jordan Spieth and Rickie Fowler. Rory McIlroy bidding for career Grand Slam.
Arsenal were thrashed 6-3 by Manchester City and 5-1 by Liverpool last season. Per Mertesacker says bringing back the 'arguing culture' was key to Arsenal's upturn in results. The German says confrontation can be vital for a teams mentality. Arsenal face Liverpool on Saturday in a crucial clash for the Champions League places.
Amir Khan will fight Chris Algieri at welterweight on May 30 in New York. The Bolton fighter had been under increasing pressure to fight Kell Brook in June. Khan was also linked with bouts against Adrien Broner and Keith Thurman. Click here for more boxing news.
Amir Khan hasn't fought since his win over Devon Alexander in December and has struggled to find an opponent. Adrien Broner has been relentless in his calling out of Khan since his comfortable win over John Molina Jr. Khan is expected to announce his next opponent imminently. Kell Brook remains the money-spinning fight on the agenda  .
Floyd Mayweather Jnr takes on Manny Pacquiao in Las Vegas on May 2. Freddie Roach has blasted Floyd Mayweather Snr as a 'terrible cornerman' ahead of the fight . Mayweather's father has refused to respond to Roach's criticism, insisting 'he can say what he wants'
Justin Rose hit 17 out of 18 greens in regulation and signed for a 69 at the Shell Houston Open. The Englishman fell outside the world’s top 10 after a bruising Florida swing last month. Phil Mickelson enjoyed his best round in months with a 66 on Thursday in Houston .
Lydia Ko tied Annika Sorenstam's LPGA Tour record of 29 under par rounds in a row. The 17-year-old shot a 1-under 71 at the ANA Inspiration in California on Thursday. Ko started the streak in the first round last year.
Rory McIlroy is hoping to complete the career grand slam of majors with a victory at Augusta National. The 25-year-old is looking to become just the sixth player to win all four major titles. He has just one top-10 finish in six Masters appearances.
Jason Dufner and wife Amanda married in 2012 and were considered one of the golden couples of golf. The pair separated in February and the divorce was finalised on March 31. As part of the settlement Amanda has been awarded $2.5million (£1.8m) while Jason will keep two of the couple's houses   .
Lionel Messi sat out Argentina's friendlies against El Salvador and Ecuador over the international break. The Barcelona forward returned to training on Thursday ahead of Sunday's match with Celta Vigo. The 27-year-old sustained the blow to his right foot in last month's 'Clasico'
Crystal Palace are convinced Yannick Bolasie will learn from Wilfried Zaha's mistakes and not jump ship. The winger has dazzled for the Eagles since Alan Pardew took over in January. Zaha made the £10million switch to Manchester United two seasons ago.
Benik Afobe opened the scoring for Wolves in the 46th minute with a close-range finish. Bakary Sako doubled their lead from the penalty spot in the 72nd minute after Henri Lansbury fouled him. Chuba Blackstock scored a late consolation goal for Forest in the 90th minute. Wolves remain in the Championship relegation zone .
Pavel Pogrebnyak gave Reading the lead in the fourth minute at the Madejski Stadium. Cardiff equalised through Conor McAleny in the 90th minute. Reading face Arsenal in the FA Cup semi-finals .
Erik Compton, 35, is set to make his first appearance at the famous tournament this week. The veteran has had two heart transplants, but wants to focus on the week ahead. His first appearance in the Masters coincides with Donate Life Month  .
Barcelona face Paris Saint-Germain in the Champions League last 16 on April 15. Neymar believes the game will be a 'spectacle' between two great teams with excellent players. The Brazil international is expecting more fireworks following Barca's win over Manchester City .
Steven Gerrard will leave Anfield at the end of the season to join LA Galaxy. Liverpool face Blackburn in the FA Cup quarter-final replay at Ewood Park on Wednesday night. Robbie Fowler says Liverpool's players must focus on getting themselves and the club into the semi-finals.
Blackburn Rovers host Liverpool in FA Cup quarter-final replay at Ewood Park on Wednesday night. Tom Cairney has sympathy for Raheem Sterling's contract negotiations. The 24-year-old says Sterling is in the top three 20-year old players in the world .
Blackburn Rovers face Liverpool in the FA Cup sixth-round replay at Ewood Park on Wednesday night. Gary Bowyer has challenged Jordan Rhodes to become an FA Cup hero. The Championship underdogs face the Reds in the first full house at the stadium since 2011 .
Monaco held to goalless draw with Montpellier at Stade Louis II on Tuesday. Result sees the Principality side remain in fourth spot, behind Marseille, Lyon and Paris St Germain. Lucas Barrios missed a penalty for the visitors.
Rangers beat Hearts 2-1 at Ibrox on Sunday to move into second place in the Scottish Championship. Kenny Miller and Haris Vuckic scored the goals for the Gers in the victory. Captain Lee McCulloch was sent off in the 44th minute.
Tottenham Hotspur goalkeeper Hugo Lloris will miss Sunday's game against Burnley. The France international suffered a gashed knee against Leicester City two weeks ago. Mauricio Pochettino could be without striker Roberto Soldado at Turf Moor.
Andros Townsend scored England's equaliser in their 1-1 draw with Italy in Turin on Tuesday night. Paul Merson had criticised Townsend's call-up to the England squad last week. The Tottenham winger hit back on Twitter to strike back at Merson's comments .
Elliot Minchella has joined London Broncos on loan from Leeds until the end of the season. The 19-year-old has made six substitute appearances for the Rhinos so far this year  .
Mike Brown admits he is unsure when he will return to action for Harlequins. England full-back suffered a headache after playing against France last month. George North will not play against Clermont Auvergne on Saturday and will see a neurosurgeon .
Manuel Pellegrini does not want his side to lose any more ground in the race for the title. Chelsea extended their lead at the top of the Premier League on Saturday. Manchester City travel to Crystal Palace on Monday .
Eden Hazard, Mesut Ozil and Joey Barton feature in this week's Premier League team of the day. Everton goalkeeper Tim Howard put in a man of the match performance against Southampton. Marcos Rojo was elegant on the ball and passed it well for Manchester United.
Lauren Hill, 19, was diagnosed with DIPG (Diffuse Intrinsic Pontine Glioma) during her senior year of high school. It is a rare form of brain cancer with a survival rate of less than 10 percent. She made it through a full season at Mount St. Joseph University in Cincinnati while raising more than $1.5 million for research. Her mother Lisa updates her followers on Facebook about her daughter's progress.
Playing video games may not only improve the ability to perform visual tasks, but also the learning ability for those skills, a study has claimed. The research was carried out by scientists at Brown University in Rhode Island. Research found that gaming boosts the. ability to learn a number of tasks more accurately, and possibly puts gamers in an 'expert category' of problem solving. The exact neural mechanisms underlying visual learning are unknown.
Joe Allen believes Liverpool have performed well against the big teams during the last two seasons. Midfielder has been given an extended opportunity with Steven Gerrard no longer an automatic starter. Allen admits the challenge of playing for Liverpool felt a little too big at times.
Catwalk show took place in Xi'an, the capital city of north-western China's Shaanxi province. It took 30 craftsmen three months to make the gold shirt and women's clothing. The look is thought to be influenced by royal women in history.
Jack Johnson beat Tommy Burns to win the world heavyweight title in 1908. It was the first time a black man had ever held sport's greatest prize. But it would take over six years before he would be defeated by Jess Willard, 6ft 6in 6in, in 1915. The fight took place in Havana, Cuba on April 5, 1915, 100 years ago.
Roberto Martinez will hold talks with Romelu Lukaku after the striker's agent suggested he could leave Everton. Mino Raiola said he would have never sanctioned Lukaku’s £28million move to Goodison Park from Chelsea last summer  .
The bird - which appears to be a golden eagle - is captured standing over a football during its try-out before giving it a slight peck. Filmed in North Vancouver, Canada.
The married father-of-two was also accused of grabbing a 'woman's head and moving it toward your crotch' and calling another woman a 'b****' The incident was so heated a woman slapped him before he was asked to leave the bar. At least 50 people reportedly saw the coach out of control before being escorted out of the bar in Bowling Green, Ohio.
Adam Lyth was one of six Yorkshire players in the England squad that left Heathrow on Thursday for three Tests in the Caribbean. Lyth is competing with Jonathan Trott to be Alastair Cook's opening partner at the first Test in Antigua .
The golfer's girlfriend, bikini model Alexis Randock, had posted a photo on her Instagram account of her and sister Nicole on the beach last week. The photo was shared with her 25,000 followers, which included an abusive commenter known as 'fatalsplash' who was quick to judge and accused Alexis of being a 'gold digger' Fowler quickly came to his girlfriend's defense  .
Manchester City lost 2-1 to Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park on Monday night. Glenn Murray opened the scoring before Jason Puncheon scored a stunning free-kick. Yaya Toure grabbed one back for Manuel Pellegrini's side but it wasn't enough to stop City losing further ground on league leaders Chelsea .
Crystal Palace beat Manchester City 2-1 at Selhurst Park on Monday night. Jason Puncheon scored the winning goal for Alan Pardew's side in the second-half . Midfielder appeared to be struck by an object during the match .
Leinster host Bath in the last 16 of the European Rugby Champions Cup . Bath have won just one of their last five matches in the Pro12. Clermont host Northampton at the Stade Marcel Michelin on Saturday . Racing Metro take on Saracens in the other last 16 .
Mesut Ozil was spotted in a Berlin nightclub hours after missing Arsenal's win at Newcastle. Arsene Wenger has spoken to Ozil about the incident and insists he is satisfied with his explanation. Arsenal face Liverpool at the Emirates on Saturday in the Premier League. Danny Welbeck could return to the side after missing England's friendly with Italy on Tuesday .
Keith Curle is one of only four former England players to currently manage in the football league. The 51-year-old played for 10 clubs during his playing career, including Manchester City. Curle claims to have caught the management bug after playing for Wolves under Colin Lee .
Harry Kane will play for England's Under 21s at this summer's European Championships. The Tottenham striker will join up with the junior squad when he returns from the post-season. Kane made his England debut against Italy and scored against Lithuania. Ross Barkley and Raheem Sterling will both be excused from tournament.
Andros Townsend scored England's equaliser in their 1-1 draw with Italy in Turin on Tuesday night. Harry Kane made his England debut against Lithuania on Friday and started against Italy. Townsend says Kane is the 'best finisher' he has ever played with and predicts bright international career .
Alexis Sanchez joined Arsenal from Barcelona for £30million in the summer of 2011. The Chilean forward has impressed for Arsenal this season following his £30m move. Pasquale Marino brought Sanchez into the Udinese first team in 2008. Marino believes Sanchez is capable of scoring 35 goals in any league he plays.
Romelu Lukaku has joined forces with high-powered agent Mino Raiola. The appointment of Raiola fuels speculation that Lukaku could be set for a move away from Everton. Roberto Martinez does not expect a summer of upheaval at Goodison Park.
Burnley face Tottenham in the Premier League on Sunday at Turf Moor. Michael Duff is the second oldest outfield player in the league behind Sylvain Distin. The 37-year-old has played in eight different divisions before finding himself taking on the likes of Manchester United.
England will send an Under 20 team to the Toulon Tournament this summer. Gareth Southgate's squad finished fourth in the tournament last May. Aidy Boothroyd will be in charge of the squad this time and could include Jordon Ibe. The tournament runs from May 27 to June.
Raheem Sterling appeared relaxed during Liverpool's training session on Thursday morning. The England international cast doubt on his Liverpool future in an interview with the BBC on Wednesday. Sterling admitted he was 'flattered' by interest from Arsenal as his contract talks are put on hold. The 20-year-old drew comparisons with Steven Gerrard  .
Man turned a gun on himself at Universal Studios in Hollywood, California, on Friday afternoon. He was standing in a smoking area behind the Despicable Me Minion Mayhem ride at the time, according to reports .
Newcastle host Sunderland in the Tyne-Wear derby on Sunday afternoon. John Carver was assistant to Ruud Gullit when he controversially left out Alan Shearer and Duncan Ferguson. Carver is now fighting to win the head coach position at St James' Park beyond this season.
Manchester United sit fourth in the Premier League, eight points behind leaders Chelsea. Louis van Gaal says his side can still win the title at this late stage in the race. The United manager also admitted that Marouane Fellaini's recent performances have made him almost undroppable. Click here for more Manchester United news.
Lexi Thompson, 20, will appear on the front of May's edition of Golf Digest. She will appear topless on the cover using only a towel to cover her torso. It is the first time a pro-golfer has appeared on a 'Fitness and Power' issue cover .
Real Madrid want to sign David De Gea this summer, according to reports in Spain. But they are prepared to wait until next summer if Manchester United won't negotiate. Petr Cech looks set to leave Chelsea for a fee of around £10million. Lionel Messi's injury is still a problem for Barcelona .
Ryan Bertrand has made 26 Premier League appearances for Southampton this season. Southampton left back has been one of their stars of the season so far. He has also forced his way back into the England squad, winning his third cap.
Sunderland take on Newcastle at the Stadium of Light on Sunday afternoon. Dick Advocaat says he will not underestimate the significance of the Wear-Tyne derby. The 67-year-old was criticised for saying it was just another game in his first season at Rangers.
Frank Lampard spoke of his support for gay footballers in an interview on Alan Carr's Chatty Man. The Manchester City midfielder said he'd 'love' to see a gay footballer come out. Lampard believes the game is changing for the better.
Sale Sharks fly half Danny Cipriani has taken advantage of a free weekend to relax in Dubai . Sale Sharks are currently seventh in the Aviva Premiership table. Steve Diamond's side will face London Irish, Harlequins, Newcastle and Exeter in the coming weeks. Sale are looking to secure a top-six finish and European Champions Cup qualification .
Newcastle host Sunderland in the Tyne-Wear derby at St James' Park on Sunday. Ryan Taylor scored the winner at the Stadium of Light three seasons ago . The 30-year-old's current contract is set to expire this summer and he is out of contract  .
The 5.45 acre estate in San Clemente, California was bought by the former Commander in Chief in 1969. Nixon entertained 17 heads of state at the home, which was built in 1926 and overlooks the Pacific Ocean. When Nixon resigned in 1974 after the Watergate scandal, he retreated to the home and wrote his memoirs there.
Remo midfielder Ratinho sported his new hairdo during his side's Brazilian Cup clash with Atletico PR. The 35-year-old had hexagon panels shaved into his head to resemble a football. Remo secured a 1-1 draw .
Raheem Sterling and Theo Walcott will go head-to-head at the Emirates on Saturday. Both are in the process of negotiating contracts with their respective clubs. Sterling has been one of Liverpool's best players this season, but his contract dispute has caused problems. Walcott has struggled to make an impact since returning from injury .
Manchester United face Aston Villa on Saturday in the Premier League on Saturday. Louis van Gaal's side could leapfrog Manchester City into second place if they beat Villa. The Dutchman revealed he is set to meet with Sir Alex Ferguson soon. United boss says he wants to finish in the top four .
Barcelona beat Real Madrid 85-80 in a Euro League basketball match on Thursday night. Neymar's sister Rafaella attended the match with team-mate Dani Alves. Real Madrid remain top of their Euro League division .
Anthony Joshua takes on Jason Gavern at the Newcastle Metro Arena on Saturday. The British heavyweight will be entering the ring for the first time in 2015. The London 2012 gold medallist is unbeaten in 10 professional bouts but yet to go past round three in his career .
Alexis Sanchez joined Arsenal from Barcelona for £32million in the summer. Arsene Wenger admits Liverpool could have used interest in Sanchez as leverage. Arsenal face Liverpool at the Emirates Stadium on Saturday in the Premier League on Saturday.
Arsenal host Liverpool at the Emirates on Saturday afternoon in the Premier League. The Gunners are third in the table and six points clear of Liverpool in the race for the top four. Arsene Wenger's side trained at London Colney on Friday ahead of the clash. Jack Wilshere, Mikel Arteta, Mathieu Debuchy and Abou Diaby are all back in training. Arsenal boss Wenger is concerned about Theo Walcott .
Courtney Lawes was criticised for his tackle on France fly-half Jules Plisson last month. The England lock has been derided as a thug across the Channel and there were cries of protest in these parts, too. But Lawes insists his record is clean and he is not a thug .
Sir Alex Ferguson believes Neymar is still some way off from rivaling Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo. The former Manchester United boss has backed the Brazilian to be the next star to challenge for the title of world's best player  .
Juan Mata reveals Wayne Rooney regularly tells him England can win Euro 2016. The Manchester United midfielder has not played for Spain since the World Cup in Brazil. Rooney scored his 47th England goal in the 4-0 victory against Lithuania at Wembley last week .
The 18-year-old inmate was booked into Lower Buckeye Jail in Phoenix two weeks ago. He is seen on surveillance video walking into a room he was not authorized to be in. Two officers approached him and told him to go back to his cell before he began punching them .
Man, known only as Xu, bought a wife for his son, who has learning difficulties. Six months later, he discovered the young couple had not slept together at all. He even tried to impregnate the 'daughter-in-law' himself after realising she was likely to be infertile.
Simba was rescued by firefighters in Meckenheim, near Bonn, Germany, after a neighbour heard scratching. Owners Helga and Eberhard Henkel had lost their pet in early March. It is thought the animal had crawled under the floor as bathroom was renovated.
Katie Gallegos from Clackamas County, Oregon, decided to take the pooch to a McDonald's drive-thru for an ice cream. To date the video of Cooper's ice cream outing has been watched more than seven million times .
The swimmer was in the water in Florida when she was filmed screaming out in horror as a giant manatee floated past. Footage was taken with the help of a selfie-stick and shows her desperately looking around for the plant-eating creature .
Spain lost 2-1 to Holland in a friendly at the Amsterdam ArenA on Tuesday night. Vicente del Bosque's side were made to pay for a lacklustre opening 20 minutes. Stefan de Vrij and Davy Klaassen scored twice in the space of four minutes .
Zlatan Ibrahimovic would have been idolised at Marseille, according to former manager Jose Anigo. The Paris Saint-Germain striker has been compared with Eric Cantona. Peter Schmeichel has urged Manchester United to make a move for Ibrahimovic this summer .
Cape Verde beat Portugal 2-0 in an international friendly on Tuesday night . The tiny island off the west coast of Africa has become an international football force. They qualified for their first Africa Cup of Nations in 2013 and reached the quarter-finals this year. They are the smallest nation ever to play in the continental finals  .
Radamel Falcao has been unable to hold down a regular first-team place at Manchester United. The striker will consider his Old Trafford future at the end of the season. The Colombian has scored three goals in two games for his country this season. He scored a penalty against Kuwait on Monday against Kuwait .
Cardiff City will have no supporters present at Saturday's Championship game against Leeds United. Elland Road will be without any away fans on Saturday for the 3pm kick-off. The Welsh club have thrown their support behind a fan-run campaign to boycott the trip to Yorkshire .
Stephen John Docherty, 66, pleaded guilty to wounding with intent when he appeared at in the Whakatane District Court on Wednesday. He hired the victim to complete concrete works at his property. Mr Docherty was agitated when he returned to find the work wasn't carried out to his specifications. He told the contractor he would rip the man's penis off .
Paramedics were called to a home in Wagaman, northern Darwin, at about 9pm on Wednesday. The 38-year-old man had reportedly chewed and swallowed the entire glass bottle before lying down. His family called Royal Darwin Hospital at the scene .
Sportsmail's Derek Lawrenson gives his predictions ahead of the 79th Masters at Augusta on Thursday. Dustin Johnson will be hoping to prove he can match his gargantuan yardage off the tee with the requisite amount of brain cells. Henrik Stenson has only recently recovered from flu but the Swede will challenge .
The black-eyed bandit was found stuck 30ft-high on a flag pole outside Philadelphia's Cathedral Basilica of Saints Peter and Paul. Video footage shows the animal clinging for life as it teeters on its makeshift perch.
Keaway Lafonz Ivy, 21, who went by the stage name Kealo, died from a single gunshot wound to the chest after being struck by a bullet in the area of 62nd Place and Eastern Avenue in Seat Pleasant, Maryland Wednesday night. On Friday, police arrested 21-year-old Lafonzo Leonard Iracks and charged him in connection to Ivy's slaying. Iracks is facing a first-degree murder charge.
Alaska Department of Fish and Game Biologist Tom Seaton led 100 wood bison to freedom on a snowmobile. Wood bison are North America’s largest land mammal, but the native Alaskan species disappeared from the state 100 years ago.
Action shot was taken at Estavayer-le-Lac in Switzerland where the latest water sports craze of Jet Surfing has taken off. Jet surf boards have a top speed of 33mph and weigh just 15kg and have a two-stroke engine.
MI5 has issued an alert over the threat posed by rogue workers in Britain’s nuclear, transport and public services. It comes after suicide pilot Andreas Lubitz killed 150 people in the Alps plane crash disaster. WARNING: GRAPH.
Mongolian Khan with New Zealand jockey Opie Bosson took first place in the $2 million Australian Derby. Bosson's agent Adian Rodley didn't realise he was being filmed when his broke into celebrations .
Coast guard ships came to the aid of five boats in the southern Mediterranean on Saturday. Three of the migrants' boats were in difficulty and sent. rescue requests via satellite phones while they were off the. coast of Libya.
Aritz Aduriz scored a 90th minute equaliser for Athletic Bilbao against Valencia. Valencia were reduced to 10 men after Nicolas Otamendi was sent off for a high challenge. Getafe beat Elche 1-0 to move 10 points clear of the bottom three in La Liga.
Santiago Vergini played a key role in Sunderland's 1-0 derby win over Newcastle United on Sunday. The 26-year-old defender returned to the Stadium of Light on a season-long loan deal from Sport Uruguay de Coronado in August last year. The Argentinian has made 35 appearances for the Black Cats so far this season .
Manchester City beat United 1-0 in the last Manchester derby in November 2014. United have never lost five successive derbies to their local rivals. Ashley Young wants to end City's dominance in the derby this weekend when the Blues come to Old Trafford .
Jack Grealish is renowned for keeping his socks just above the roll of his shinpads. The Aston Villa teenager made his first Premier League start against QPR on Tuesday. Click here for all the latest Aston Villa news.
Tiger Woods played in the tournament for the first time since 2004 with girlfriend Lindsey Vonn at his side. Woods said his goal is to 'have fun, enjoy it, and don't win. No matter what' Woods' children Sam and Charlie caddied for him .
Novak Djokovic beat David Ferrer 7-5, 7-4 to reach the semi-finals of the Miami Open. The world No 1 is likely to face Andy Murray in the final if he beats John Isner. The Briton beat Tomas Berdych in the other quarter-final on Thursday. Serena Williams and Carla Suarez Navarro will contest the women's final after they beat Simona Halep and Andrea Petkovic.
AP McCoy will attempt to win the Irish Grand National on Cantlow in his final race meeting in Ireland. The 19-time champion won the 2007 running on Butler's Cabin. McCoy has vowed to retire if he wins Saturday's Crabbie's Grand National.
Irish trainer Robbie Hennessy confirmed Rubi Light is a definite runner in the Grand National. The grade one winner over two and a half miles schooled over Aintree-style fences on Saturday. The Irish challenge also includes Jim Culloty's Lord Windermere and Spring Heeled.
Tryster beat Complicit to complete a 22-1 treble for trainer Charlie Appleby. Godolphin stable dominated £1.1million All Weather Finals day at Lingfield. Jockey William Buick predicted big things to come for Tryster.
Saracens beat Racing Metro 12-11 in their Champions Cup quarter-final on Sunday. Mark McCall's side will face Clermont Auvergne in the semi-finals in St Etienne. The French side have not lost in Europe since 2008 and are unbeaten at home .
Munster have signed New Zealand international Francis Saili on a two-year deal. The 24-year-old utility back will link up with Munster later this year. Saili made his All Blacks debut against Argentina in 2013 .
Wasps lost 32-18 to Toulon in their European Champions Cup quarter-final on Sunday. Dai Young has called for reform to the Premiership salary cap so English clubs can compete on the European stage. Young's comments came after his team lost to the defending champions at Stade Felix Mayol.
Bath lost 18-15 to Leinster in the European Champions Cup quarter-final at the Aviva Stadium. Anthony Watson believes the pain of the defeat will help Bath's push for a top-four finish .
Tim Bresnan is keen to give England's selectors no choice but to pick him with wickets and runs for Yorkshire. The right-arm quick last played in whites for England during the Ashes whitewash of 2013/14. Yorkshire are defending the LV= County Championship .
Jonny Bairstow fell just short of a century against his own team-mates on Wednesday. England paceman Stuart Broad came through an injury scare after clutching his left ankle. Jonathan Trott opened the batting for St Kitts & Nevis .
Aston Villa face Liverpool in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on April 19. Jack Grealish saw Villa lose to Manchester United and Chelsea at Wembley in 2010. The 19-year-old made his first Premier League start against QPR on Tuesday night .
Crystal Palace beat Manchester City 2-1 in the Premier League on Monday night. Chairman Steve Parish wants to bring in extra investment to improve Selhurst Park. The Eagles have been reportedly targeted for a takeover by Josh Harris, an American businessman .
Julian Speroni has triggered a 12-month extension to his Crystal Palace contract. The goalkeeper joined the Eagles from Dundee in July 2004. The 35-year-old will have a testimonial against Dundee at the end of the season .
Everton host Swansea City at the Liberty Stadium on Saturday lunchtime kick-off. The Toffees held an open training session at Goodison Park on Tuesday to coincide with half-term. Roberto Martinez put his players through their paces for free to fans .
Hull were beaten 3-1 by Swansea at the Liberty Stadium on Saturday afternoon. Paul McShane says it's time for the Tigers to wake up and realise they are in a relegation battle. Hull have only scored twice in their last six away games.
Esteban Cambiasso opened the scoring for Leicester City in the 12th minute at the King Power Stadium. West Ham United equalised through Cheikhou Kouyate in the 32nd minute to put the Hammers in front. Andy King scored the winner in the 86th minute to keep Leicester's Premier League survival hopes alive. The Foxes are now just four points behind Sunderland with six of their eight remaining games at home. David Nugent missed a penalty kick which would have secured victory for the Foxes.
Radamel Falcao believes Sergio Aguero is Manchester City's biggest threat on Sunday. Aguero has scored six times against United since joining City in 2011. Manchester United host City in the Manchester derby at the Etihad Stadium .
Haris Vuckic has six goals in 10 games since joining Rangers on loan from Newcastle. The 22-year-old admits he does not know where he will be playing next season. The Slovenia international has only 12 months left on his contract at St James' Park. Click here for all the latest Rangers news .
James Ward-Prowse is beginning to get noticed after starring for England U 21s and Southampton. The 20-year-old scored the winner in England U21s memorable 3-2 victory over Germany. CLICK HERE for all the latest Southampton news.
Tottenham Hotspur are moving forward with the next step towards their new stadium development at White Hart Lane. The final opponent to the move, Archway Sheet Metal Works, is being demolished. The north London club's neighbours fought a long court battle with Tottenham over the development. Spurs plan to open a new 'world-class' 56,000-seater stadium in just over three years time.
Tony Pulis believes Joey Barton 'probably had a point' about West Brom's defeat to QPR in December. The Baggies were two goals up but lost 3-2 to Charlie Austin's hat-trick. QPR meet West Brom at the Hawthorns on Saturday afternoon  .
Reece Oxford scored in West Ham's 3-2 defeat to Manchester United on Tuesday night. The 16-year-old signed his first professional contract earlier this season. Oxford has been on the bench for the senior side.
Manchester United Under 21s beat West Ham United 4-2 to go four points clear at the top of the Premier League. Adnan Januzaj captained the Red Devils as they secured all three points.
Celtic boss Ronny Deila agrees with Gary Teale's claim that St Mirren have one of the best pitches in the Scottish Premiership. Buddies boss Teale hit back at criticism received for the condition of the pitch on Friday night. Click here for more Celtic news.
Gary Teale hits back at Ronny Deila's criticism of the St Mirren Park pitch. Deila branded most surfaces in the Scottish Premiership ‘terrible’ and said artificial pitches would be better. Teale feels Deila’s criticism was unjustified and unfair .
Stuart McCall has restored a buoyancy to the club and won approval from supporters. The former Motherwell boss arrived last month on a deal until the end of the season. Rangers face Queen of the South at Murray Park.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals in Real Madrid's 9-1 La Liga win against Granada. Karim Benzema also scored twice as Madrid thrashed Granada at the Bernabeu. Ronaldo is only the third player to reach the 300-goal mark for Madrid .
Christian Benteke has scored seven goals in his last five games for Aston Villa. The Belgian striker has scored a goal every 87 minutes in the Premier League this season . But if Villa are relegated he faces a 30 per cent pay cut to £35,000 a week . The 24-year-old signed a new four-year deal at Villa Park two years ago. Click here for all the latest Aston Villa news .
England face West Indies in three-Test series that begins in Antigua on April 13. Alastair Cook and Peter Moores put on united front at Gatwick Airport ahead of five-week tour of Caribbean .
Ander Herrera scored twice as Manchester United beat Aston Villa 3-1 on Saturday. Louis van Gaal was so pleased with Herrera's first goal that he kissed him at half-time. Van Gaal said he had been imploring Herrera to control the ball before shooting.
Paolo Dybala says he could be playing his final games for Palermo this season. Arsenal and Juventus have been linked with a move for the Argentine forward. The 21-year-old scored his 13th Serie A goal of the season on Saturday .
James Rodriguez has been out of action since the beginning of February with a foot injury. Cristiano Ronaldo, Gareth Bale, Toni Kroos and Luka Modric have all returned to full fitness. Mundo Deportivo splash about Lionel Messi's fitness ahead of Celta Vigo.
Bolton-born boxer Amir Khan enjoyed a family day at Six Flags Discovery Kingdom in California. Khan posed alongside a rare white tiger as well as stunning giraffes and sea lions at the American adventure park in northern California.
Chelsea are discussing the possibility of a post-season tour to Japan. Jose Mourinho did not rule out the prospect of a 12,000-mile round trip to the country. The Premier League champions are currently top of the Premier League. Click here for more Chelsea news .
John O'Sullivan was on loan at Barnsley when the first FA Cup tie was played on March 9. Blackburn manager Gary Bowyer says it 'doesn't make sense' that he can't use him against Liverpool. The 21-year-old will be available to play if Blackburn reach the semi-finals.
Burnley manager Sean Dyche believes his side are capable of avoiding the Premier League drop. The Clarets are just three points off 15th place and face Tottenham on Sunday. Dyche's side spent last week on a warm-weather training camp in Spain  .
Napoli lost 1-0 at home to Lazio in the second leg of the Coppa Italia semi-final on Wednesday. Napoli president Aurelio De Laurentiis was furious with the result and blasted the team's commitment. The defeat increased pressure on coach Rafael Benitez.
LeBron James scored 23 points as the Cleveland Cavaliers beat the Miami Heat 114-88. James passed Patrick Ewing (24,815) into 20th place on the NBA's all-time scoring list. The 30-year-old's performance dealt his former team Miami's play-off hopes a blow. James Harden scored 24 points for the Houston Rockets .
Saracens take on Racing Metro in Paris on Sunday in the European Champions Cup quarter-final. Jacques Burger is loved by his team-mates every bit as much as he is loathed by opponents. Saracens director of rugby Mark McCall described Burger as ‘unique among rugby players’ .
Blackpool drew 1-1 with Reading at Bloomfield Road on Tuesday night . Jamie O'Hara scored from the penalty spot to give the Seasiders the lead in the sixth minute . But Grant Hall scored an own goal just after half-time to leave Lee Clark's side on 25 points at the bottom of League One.
England captain Alastair Cook completed a much-needed century on the second morning of England's opening tour match. Cook resumed on 95 and reached three figures with minimal fuss before retiring out. He walked off on 101 from 200 deliveries.
Jonathan Trott and Alastair Cook combine impressively as England produce dominant display. England bowled St Kitts Invitational XI out for 59 in two-day practice match in Basseterre. Captain Cook scored an unbeaten 95 as England produced dominant display .
Chelsea lead the Premier League by six points with a game in hand over Manchester United. Blues boss Jose Mourinho says he doesn't care where they win the title, he just wants to win it. Eden Hazard will start for Chelsea against Stoke City after a tiring international break .
Liverpool face Arsenal at the Emirates on Saturday in the Premier League. Brendan Rodgers' side need to win to keep up their chances of a top-four finish. A defeat could leave them eight points adrift of the top four with just seven games to play. Champions League qualification is vital to Liverpool's financial security  .
Olivier Giroud won the Barclays Premier League player of the month award for March. The Arsenal striker netted five goals in four consecutive league wins to claim the accolade. Giroud becomes France's 16th winner of the award, overtaking Holland as the league's most successful foreign nationality. Thierry Henry, Nicolas Anelka, Robert Pires and Florent Malouda have also won .
Freddie Sears opened the scoring for Ipswich after just six minutes at Portman Road. Kenwyne Jones came off the bench to equalise for Bournemouth in the 82nd minute. Eddie Howe's side remain seven points clear at the top of the Championship .
Liverpool face Arsenal at the Emirates on Saturday in the Premier League. Brendan Rodgers' side are five points adrift of the Champions League qualification places. The Reds' 13-match unbeaten league run was ended at home to Manchester United before international break .
Liverpool vs Arsenal has produced the most hat-tricks in a single fixture in Premier League history. Robbie Fowler scored the quickest hat-trick in the Premier League against Arsenal in 1994. Thierry Henry scored a treble against Liverpool for Arsenal in 2004. Andrey Arshavin scored a quadruple in 2009 .
Liverpool players Mario Balotelli, Fabio Borini, Rickie Lambert and Lazar Markovic met Bas van Velzen at Melwood. The Dutch free-kick specialist wowed the Liverpool quartet with his dead-ball skills. Click here for more Liverpool news .
Rickie Fowler's girlfriend Alexis Randock posted a photo of her and sister Nicole on the beach. Troll called 'fatalsplash' accused her of being a 'gold digger' who didn't have to work due to her relationship with Fowler .
Mark Wood has been called up by England for the Test series against West Indies. The Durham paceman is not the shape or size of your traditional fast bowler. Click here for more Test news .
Australia coach Darren Lehmann has defended his players following criticism of their behaviour. Wicketkeeper Brad Haddin came under fire for his send-off of New Zealand's Martin Guptill. Photo of Haddin and James Faulkner mocking Grant Elliott also criticised .
India international Cheteshwar Pujara has joined Yorkshire on a deal until the end of May. Younis Khan was set to be Yorkshire's overseas signing for 2015. But the batsman is now looking to play for Pakistan.
England batsman Ian Bell has signed a three-year contract extension with Warwickshire. Bell signed his first contract with the club in 1999 after progressing through the youth ranks. The 32-year-old has played 105 Test matches and 161 one-day internationals.
Marco Negri joined Rangers from Italian side Perugia for £3.5million in 1997. Negri scored 23 goals in his first 10 league games for the Ibrox outfit. But a series of injuries destabilised his career in Glasgow. In his autobiography, Negri reveals his nightmare started after a reserve match vs Aberdeen in November 2000 .
Raheem Sterling struggled to impose himself on the game as Liverpool lost 4-1 to Arsenal at The Emirates. Sterling was brought down by Hector Bellerin for Liverpool's penalty, which was only a consolation . Sterling started up front but struggled to threaten Arsenal's defence.
Former All Blacks star Mils Muliaina was arrested on suspicion of sexual assault following Connacht's 14-7 defeat by Gloucester on Friday night . The full-back was led away by police following the match at Kingsholm Stadium. The Kiwi veteran earned a century of caps for New Zealand before retiring after the 2011 World Cup on home soil  .
Federal Treasurer Joe Hockey said the states had agreed to work toward applying the 10 per cent GST to movies and music downloaded from streaming services such as Netflix and Apple. The changes may also affect consumers buying any products for less than $1,000 online from overseas, such as eBay.
Kevin Pietersen has rejoined Surrey in a last-ditch bid to earn his place in England's Ashes squad. But Darren Gough says there is still only a slim chance of his friend adding to his tally of 104 Test match appearances when England start their Ashes series.
John Hartson was diagnosed with testicular cancer in 2009 at the age of 33. The former Celtic striker says he felt 'as good as dead' upon receiving the news. Hartson says he is now a proud family man .
A Brazilian website claims to have the new Chelsea kit for sale with Gareth Bale's name on the back. The website has published three kits with the incoming 'Yokohama' sponsor across the front. Reports have linked Bale with a return to the Premier League .
Hector Bellerin, Mesut Ozil and Alexis Sanchez put Arsenal 3-0 ahead at the Emirates. Jordan Henderson pulled one back from the penalty spot for Liverpool. Olivier Giroud completed the scoreline with a brilliant strike in injury time. Arsenal move nine points clear of Liverpool at the top of the Premier League table .
Leeds owner Massimo Cellino claims Red Bull have made an offer to buy the Championship club. Cellino said majority shareholder Eleonora Sport were considering the offer. Leeds chairman Andrew Umbers said he was not aware of the offer . Red Bull already own three football clubs and two Formula One teams .
David Villa posted a picture on Instagram of his family enjoying the Empire State Building. The New York City captain has enjoyed a good start to life in the MLS. Villa scored his first goal for the club against New England Revolution.
Steven Gerrard will leave Liverpool at the end of the season after an illustrious career. Steve Heighway predicted the midfielder would be a success in a newspaper article in 1992. The former England captain has gone on to make 499 appearances for his boyhood club, winning major honours.
Arsenal thrashed Liverpool 4-1 at the Emirates on Saturday with goals from Hector Bellerin, Mesut Ozil, Alexis Sanchez and Olivier Giroud. Arsene Wenger's side are seven points behind Chelsea in the Premier League, but have a game in hand.
Tottenham striker Harry Kane won his first England cap against Italy last week. He is eligible to play for Gareth Southgate's Young Lions at the Under-21 European Championship. But Kenny Dalglish says he should be kept in the full squad for Euro 2016. The former Liverpool boss believes he is ready .
Manchester City have lost too much ground to Chelsea in the Premier League title race. Manuel Pellegrini accepts his side are now facing a fight to stay in the Champions League places. City face Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park on Monday night .
Arsenal and Liverpool fans left their seats empty at the Emirates Stadium for the first 10 minutes. Supporters from both clubs say they are 'disgusted' at the continuing rise of ticket prices. The cheapest tickets for the lunchtime kick-off were £64
Galatasaray striker Wesley Sneijder tweeted advert for his knife range on Saturday morning. Two Leeds fans, Kevin Speight and Christopher Loftus, were killed before the UEFA Cup semi-final first leg in Istanbul in 2000. A minute's silence will be held before Leeds and Blackburn Rovers meet at Elland Road on Saturday.
The talented wide receiver, who is a sophomore at Southern Methodist University, wrote on Twitter Thursday; 'Gotta get the hood doughnuts almost every morning. If my doughnuts don't come in a plain white box, I don't want them!' His dad Deion Sanders decided to have a little fun with his son, writing back; 'You're a Huxtable with a million $ trust fund stop the hood stuff!'
Agencies like the CIA, NSA, and National Counterterrorism Center hire therapists to deal with analysts' trauma. The analysts watch graphic content and look at violent photos to gain clues about the actions of terrorists. The content analysts watch is often violent, but mostly pornography.
Men's face product company West Coast Shaving has blended 30 iconic rock bands into a single face. The Beatles, Nirvana, The Rolling Stones, U2, Guns N' Roses and Green Day included.
The Broward State Attorney's Office reported on Thursday that they had already dropped 12 felony cases, 19 criminal misdemeanor cases and one juvenile case involving one or more of the officers. The arresting officers in the cases, which include burglary, cocaine possession and aggravated assault with a firearm, are no longer on the police force. Jason Holding, James Wells, 31-year-old Jason Holding and Christopher Sousa, all of Fort Lauderdale. were fired in March for 'department misconduct' Alex Alvarez, 22, who apparently created the video, resigned in January. All of the four officers committed misconduct involving racist texts 'exchanged among themselves and former police officers'
The dramatic, up-close images, captured by a Bornean student, show the incredible power of the tiny creature. Wrapping its legs around a minute branch, the ant holds the centipede by one leg.
Derek Skyler Brux, 22, was sentenced to five years probation for taking a train from a coal mine and crashing it into another train. He must also pay $63,000 in restitution to Rail Link, his employer. Brux was working at his job at the North Antelope Rochelle Mine in Wyoming .
Jia Binhui, 25, cannot afford hospital treatment and hopes his alternative treatment will fight the deadly disease. He built a human barbecue in his garden in Yunlong County in southwest China's Yunnan Province. He lies on top of the wooden poles for as long as he can to take the roasting temperature of 42 degrees Celsius .
Council inspectors also found filthy food preparation areas at Pizza Plus Fried Chicken in Gillingham. Owner Kunaratnam Kunanatha, 36, admitted seven offences under food safety and hygiene regulations. He was fined £14,500 and ordered to pay £2,793 in costs.
Jose Mourinho reveals he talks to God every day, but never about football. The Chelsea manager said he only prays for things in his personal life, never about Chelsea. The 52-year-old said he has a strong faith in God and attends church regularly.
Cricket commentator Richie Benaud has died aged 84 in a Sydney hospice after battling skin cancer. Benaud died peacefully in his sleep surrounded by his wife Daphne and family members. Veteran of 63 Test matches, Benaud played a pivotal role in formation of World Series Cricket in 1970s. Australian Test captain Michael Clarke paid tribute to him.
Patrick O'Flynn said Ukip needs to 'work harder' as it is 'lagging' behind with female voters. Polls suggest around 15% of men are planning to back Ukip, compared to 10% of women. Ukip deputy chairman Suzanne Evans blamed gap on 'lies' and 'myths'
Vanessa Santillan's body was found in a £400,000 flat in Fulham, south west London, at the end of March. The 33-year-old Mexican national died as a result of injuries to the head and neck . A man has been arrested in connection with her death .
England beat China 2-1 at Manchester City's Academy Stadium. Fran Kirby created the first goal and scored a brilliant second in the first half . Jodie Taylor opened the scoring for the hosts in the 10th minute. Wang Shanshan Wang pulled a goal back for China in the 16th minute .
Fenerbahce have called for the suspension of the Turkish championship following the gun attack on their team bus. The bus came under armed attack as it drove to the airport following an away match at Caykur Rizespor in Turkey's Super Lig .
Manchester United face Aston Villa in the Premier League on Saturday. Louis van Gaal's side sit fourth in the table, five points clear of the chasing pack. Wayne Rooney believes United are on course to qualify for the Champions League if they beat Villa  .
A letter from Richie Benaud to an English fan, Jonathon Stevenson, almost 20 years ago emerged on Friday in the wake of the cricket legend's death. The Australian cricketer and commentator passed away in his sleep on Thursday night in Sydney after battling skin cancer   .
Manchester United beat Aston Villa 3-1 in their Premier League clash at Old Trafford. Wayne Rooney scored a stunning half-volley for his sixth goal in eight matches. Ander Herrera scored the other two goals as United moved above Manchester City .
Dan Klice, 57, was officiating at a competition at Ramapo College in Mahwah, New Jersey. Police say that he saw the errant javelin headed towards him and tried to dodge it - but tripped over in the process .
Jonathan Stevenson was just 16 years old when he asked for Benaud's advice on left-handed leg spin. He shared the lengthy response on Twitter as a tribute to the 'great man' Accompanying the letter was a full sheet of notes about spin bowling for left-hand.
Raheem Sterling has rejected a contract extension worth £100,000 a week at Liverpool. The 20-year-old has just two years left on his deal at the club. Brendan Rodgers has criticised Raheem's agent, Aidy Ward. Sterling admitted he was flattered by Arsenal's interest.
Chelsea beat Stoke City 2-1 in their Premier League clash at Stamford Bridge. Eden Hazard scored from the penalty spot to give Jose Mourinho's side the lead. Charlie Adam equalised for Stoke with a stunning strike from inside his own half shortly before half time.
The piglet was born with its back legs missing and has mastered the art of balancing on its front trotters. Heartwarming clip shows the young animal taking unsteady steps, wobbling about with its snout to ground.
Toddler carefully balances three small bowls on her head as she performs dance moves to music. The video has been reposted by numerous Chinese video sites after it went viral this week.
Seven points separate eight teams with six matches to play in the Championship. Middlesbrough are top of the table with Bournemouth a point behind them and Norwich a point further back. Aitor Karanka's side have a lunchtime kick-off against Watford on Monday. Boro know they cannot be caught if they keep winning .
Wigan Athletic have appointed Gary Caldwell as their new manager on a long-term basis. Malky Mackay was relieved of his duties after defeat by Derby on Easter Monday. The Latics are eight points adrift of safety in the Championship. Caldwell will take charge for the first time against Fulham at Craven Cottage on Friday .
Stuart Dallas opened the scoring for Brentford in the 24th minute at Craven Cottage. Ross McCormack halved the deficit with a 67th minute penalty for the Bees. Alex Pritchard doubled the hosts' lead just before the hour mark with a smart finish. Alan Judge scored a stunning late free-kick to make it 4-1. Jota completed the scoring in the 90th minute with a stunning strike from outside the box .
Former England captain Michael Vaughan has emerged as the leading candidate to replace Paul Downton. Moores insists he could work with Vaughan if he becomes England's new director of cricket. Former England coach was sacked as managing director on Thursday.
Michael Vaughan, Alec Stewart and Andrew Strauss are three former captains bidding to lead England's reform after Paul Downton was sacked as managing director. All three achieved a great deal while playing for England and are respected figures.
Bayern Munich beat Borussia Dortmund 1-0 at the Signal Iduna Park on Saturday. Robert Lewandowski scored the only goal of the match to give Bayern Munich the win. The Polish striker spent four years at Dortmund before leaving on a free transfer last summer. Click here for all the latest Bundesliga news.
Liverpool beat Arsenal 4-1 at the Emirates on Saturday afternoon. Mario Balotelli did not travel with the squad after picking up a 'slight knock' in training. The Italian striker's future at the club is already in question .
Northampton sit 10 points clear at the summit of the Aviva Premiership. Saints exited Europe at the quarter-final stage after being routed four tries to one at the Stade Marcel-Michelin. Northampton director of rugby Jim Mallinder admitted defeat .
Diego Costa limped off with a hamstring injury during Chelsea's 2-1 win over Stoke City. Jose Mourinho threw Costa on at half-time after going into the interval at 1-1. Chelsea are currently seven points clear at the top .
Mauricio Pochettino could be the saviour of English football thanks to his faith in homegrown talent. The Argentine has gathered a considerable reputation since arriving in England two years ago. Harry Kane, Andros Townsend, Ryan Mason and Kyle Walker all played for England.
Rory McIlroy could become the sixth man to win the Grand Slam at Augusta National on Sunday. Paul McGinley says the world No 1 has designs on becoming the true figurehead of his sport. The former Ryder Cup-winning coach says his ambitions are unlike Chelsea's relentless win-at-all-costs manager Jose Mourinho .
Video footage shows Blaine Taylor from Aberdeen, Scotland, competing against his older brother, Cody. But as he goes to roll his egg down a grassy hill, he accidentally steps on it with shell and yolk mushed into the ground .
Hibs boss Alan Stubbs feared there would have been crowd trouble if he'd agreed to form a guard of honour for Hearts. Hearts head coach Robbie Neilson feels it is disrespectful not to acknowledge his team's achievements in the Edinburgh derby .
Sam Allardyce's contract at West Ham expires at the end of the season. The Hammers boss has a meeting planned with co-owners David Gold and David Sullivan in May. West Ham are bottom of the Premier League after losing 2-1 to Leicester last week .
Natasha Jonas is the first female boxer to represent Great Britain in an Olympic Games. The 30-year-old made history when she took on eventual gold medallist Katie Taylor at London 2012.
Thomas Bjorn's shot landed in the lap of a female fan during the first round of the Masters. Russell Henley shot 68 as he made a good start to his second Masters. Erik Compton shot 73 on his debut.
Danny Willett carded an opening round of 71 at Augusta National on Thursday. The 27-year-old admitted it was a dream come true to mark his Masters debut with an eagle. Willett finished one-under after a monster putt for eagle.
Arnold Palmer hit the ceremonial opening drive of the 79th Masters at Augusta National on Thursday morning. The 85-year-old has been struggling in his recovery from a dislocated shoulder. Palmer was joined by Jack Nicklaus and Gary Player as the honorary starters on Thursday .
Novak Djokovic beat John Isner 7-6 (3), 6-2 to reach the final of the Miami Open. The No 1-seeded Serbian will face Andy Murray in Sunday's final. Murray defeated Tomas Berdych in straight sets on Friday night.
Sebastian Vettel beat Lewis Hamilton by 8.5 seconds at the Malaysian Grand Prix on March 29. Mercedes team-mates Nico Rosberg and Lewis Hamilton visited Mercedes' Brackley base on Thursday. Mercedes boss Toto Wolff admits he was surprised by Vettel's victory in Malaysia .
Lewis Hamilton was invited to Nelson Mandela's 90th birthday party in 2008. The Mercedes driver stepped on former President Bill Clinton's foot in his excitement to meet Will Smith. Hamilton said he didn't even apologise and 'just kept going' after the incident.
The German GP was erased from the 2015 schedule because of financial problems. Bernie Ecclestone could not guarantee the future of the Italian Grand Prix. The 2015 season will be shortened to 19 races with a three-week break between the British Grand Prix and Hungarian Grand Prix .
Lewis Hamilton features on the front cover of the May edition of Men's Health magazine. The Mercedes driver discusses the significance of his tattoos in the latest issue. The 30-year-old says he loves his tattoos and says he trains to 'quite an intense level' .
Part of the 'Wing' at Silverstone was damaged by high winds on Sunday and Monday. Images on social media appeared to show a section of the roof had been removed. Silverstone officials say engineers began assessing the damage Wednesday.
Jason Robinson played a key role in England's 2003 World Cup win against Australia. The 40-year-old revealed he once contemplated committing suicide during a troubled period of his career. Robinson was arrested for affray, assault and criminal damage. Former team-mate Va'aiga Tuigamala saved his life .
Yorkshire will be looking to defend their Division One title. Kevin Pietersen will hope his runs help Surrey to promotion from the second tier. Nick Compton has joined Middlesex from Somerset with a point to prove to England selectors. Worcestershire will be hoping for promotion .
Pakistan haven't played a Test nation since the attacks on Sri Lanka's bus in March 2009. No test playing nation has toured Pakistan due to security concerns. Shaharyar Khan hopes for a series of five one-day internationals as soon as May.
Alex Rodriguez returned to the New York Yankees line-up for the baseball season's opening day. Rodriguez returned from a suspension that spanned all of the 2014 season for admitted to receiving and using performance-enhancing drugs from a clinic.
Aston Villa host Tottenham Hotspur at White Hart Lane on Saturday afternoon. Tim Sherwood was sacked as Spurs head coach at the end of last season . Sherwood says he is still in touch with chairman Daniel Levy and thanks the club's board for their support .
Jordan Henderson lost the ball 23 times in Liverpool's defeat against Arsenal on Saturday. John O'Shea only sprinted 11.9 metres in Sunderland's 1-0 win over Newcastle. Loic Remy scored Chelsea's winner against Stoke with a tap-in from Eden Hazard's pass. Kasper Schmeichel impressed against West Ham.
Tottenham drew 0-0 with Burnley in their Premier League clash at Turf Moor on Sunday. Harry Kane captained his side for the first time and scored on his England debut. The 21-year-old also became the youngest captain in the Premier League this season. Mauricio Pochettino's side are seven points adrift of Manchester City .
Burnley drew 0-0 with Tottenham in their Premier League clash at Turf Moor on Sunday. Michael Duff was satisfied with the way his side handled Harry Kane. Spurs captain Kane failed to inspire in his first game as captain of Tottenham .
Nedum Onuoha is one of several players poised to leave QPR this summer. The QPR centre-back has 15 months left on his contract at Loftus Road . Hull City are also interested in West Bromwich Albion striker Victor Anichebe  .
Leicester City beat West Ham 1-0 in their Premier League clash on Saturday. Andy King scored his 50th goal for the club in the 86th minute. King says his goal against West Ham may be his most important if they stay up this season .
Leicester beat West Ham 2-1 in their Premier League clash at the King Power Stadium. Esteban Cambiasso scored the only goal of the game in the 12th minute against the Hammers .
Daniel Agger has been banned for two games by the Danish FA for violent conduct. The former Liverpool defender elbowed Mattias Jorgensen in the head on Monday. The incident happened during the hotly-contested derby against Copenhagen on Monday .
Diego de Girolamo is out of contract at Sheffield United at the end of the season. Benfica and Juventus are interested in signing the Italy Under 20 international. Celtic and Southampton are also monitoring the situation of the forward .
Swansea are willing to listen to offers for Wales international left-back Neil Taylor. West Bromwich Albion are set to make a £3million move for the 26-year-old defender. Click here for more transfer news.
Harry Kane lined up against Etienne Capoue, Nabil Bentaleb, Eric Dier, Roberto Soldado, Danny Rose and Christian Eriksen. Kane took his time with each of his three shots but is narrowly over the crossbar each time.
Jeremy Peace is ready to shelve the sale of West Brom if a deal is not in place by July. The West Brom chairman has fielded enquiries from consortia in America, China and Australia. Aston Villa are already in talks with potential buyers for the club.
Eduardo Vargas opened the scoring for Queens Park Rangers in the 35th minute with a 25-yard strike. Charlie Austin headed QPR's second goal of the game in the second half before Bobby Zamora added a third. Victor Anichebe headed in a consolation goal for West Brom in the 58th minute after coming off the bench. Youssouf Mulumbu was sent off in injury time.
James Tomkins dislocated his shoulder in the gym last month and has undergone successful surgery. The defender hopes to return to action with West Ham before the end of the season, but knows his campaign may be over.
Ronny Deila admitted that the first six months in charge of Celtic were mentally tough. The Norwegian was unsure whether he was cut out to be the boss of the Bhoys. Deila's side have twice exited the Champions League this season  .
Haris Vuckic has scored six goals in 10 games for Rangers since joining the club on loan. The 22-year-old has one year left on his contract at St James' Park. The Slovenian could leave Newcastle at the end of the season.
Cristiano Ronaldo appeared to be unfairly cautioned by referee Mario Melero Lopez. The decision means Ronaldo is suspended for the game against Eibar in La Liga on Saturday. Real Madrid want the yellow card shown to their star forward to be rescinded .
Manchester United face Manchester City in the Premier League on Sunday. Rio Ferdinand believes Wayne Rooney's return to the attack is key to United's upturn in form. Ferdinand also praised Louis van Gaal for moving his captain further up the pitch. Click here for all the latest Manchester United news .
Peter Quillin takes on Andy Lee in Limerick on April 11. The 31-year-old has never lost a fight in the ring and has a 71 per cent knockout ratio. Quillin has been out of the ring for 12 months since his last title defence. Click here for more boxing news .
Billy Joe Saunders and Chris Eubank Jnr clashed in a 12-round grudge match on November 29. The pair are set to fight at Wembley Arena on May 9 but not against each other. Saunders will have a warm-up contest before his challenge for the title .
Glenn Murray has scored a goal on average every 91 minutes for Crystal Palace this season. Harry Kane and Diego Costa are locked on 19 goals in the race to finish as Premier League's top scorer. Chelsea have four players in the top 10, including Andre Schurrle.
Atletico Madrid beat Cordoba 2-0 to move above Valencia in La Liga. Antoine Griezmann scored his 15th league goal of the season in the fifth minute. Saul Niguez doubled Atletico's lead in the 39th.
QPR beat West Brom 4-1 at the Hawthorns on Saturday to end a five-match losing run. Chris Ramsey's side are still in the Premier League drop zone but are just three points behind Aston Villa on goal difference.
Alan Pardew believes he is better than some of the Premier League's big-name managers. The Crystal Palace boss believes he could do a better job than Manuel Pellegrini's Manchester City side .
Manchester United beat Aston Villa 3-1 at Old Trafford on Saturday night. Ander Herrera opened the scoring with a superb half-volley before Wayne Rooney doubled the lead. Christian Benteke pulled one back for Tim Sherwood's side before Herrera added his second late on.
Manchester United beat Aston Villa 3-1 at Old Trafford on Saturday. Louis van Gaal's side are eight points clear of Liverpool at the top of the Premier League table. Manchester City host United in the Manchester derby on Sunday. CLICK HERE for all the latest Manchester United news .
Ander Herrera scored a brace as Manchester United beat Aston Villa 2-0. The Spaniard has established himself in Louis van Gaal's first team plans. Herrera has scored seven goals in the Premier League this season .
Anthony Joshua stopped Jason Gavern in the third round on Saturday night. Joshua dropped Gavern twice in the second round and twice more in third. Joshua was returning from a five-month lay-off after suffering a stress fracture.
Dereck Chisora is being lined up for a summer comeback against British heavyweight rival David Price. 'Del Boy' has not boxed since he was stopped by Tyson Fury at London's ExCeL Arena in November . Click here for all the latest boxing news .
Rangers winger David Templeton spoke out about his former managers Ally McCoist and Kenny McDowall. Rangers boss Stuart McCall was less than impressed by the player's comments. McCall also warned Lee McCulloch he could lose his place .
Dave King has been cleared by the Court of Session to return as a director of the club. King won 85 per cent shareholder backing to return to the board at the club's EGM last month. The South African businessman hopes to become chairman.
Fabian Orellana has been handed a one-match ban by the Spanish football federation. The Celta Vigo forward was shown a straight red card for throwing a lump of turf at Sergio Busquets. Barcelona beat Celta 1-0 on Sunday in La Liga.
Xavi has managed just five starts in 21 games for Barcelona since the turn of the year. The 35-year-old has recently travelled to Qatar to discuss a possible move to Al Sadd. Barcelona manager Luis Enrique insists Xavi has a vital role to play in the club's hunt for the treble .
Franck Ribery turned down a move to Real Madrid in 2009 after falling out with Louis van Gaal. The Frenchman says he was sold on his importance to Bayern Munich by the club's elite. The 32-year-old has won four Bundesliga titles and a Champions League with Bayern .
Borussia Dortmund have failed to score in four of their last five league games. Jurgen Klopp's side face Hoffenheim in the DFB Pokal on Tuesday. Sven Bender says his side need to start scoring more goals if they want to win.
Antonio Di Natale played with Alexis Sanchez for five years at Serie A side Udinese. The former Italy striker says Sanchez is the best strike partner he's ever had. DiNatale also says the Arsenal forward is better than Barcelona's Neymar .
Alessandro Matri, Roberto Pereyra and Leonardo Bonucci scored for Juventus. Alvaro Morata was sent off for Fiorentina with two minutes left to play after a clumsy challenge on Alessandro Diamanti. Juventus will face either Napoli or Lazio in the Coppa Italia final .
Roma fans displayed an offensive banner during their 1-0 defeat of Napoli on Saturday. The banner taunted the mother of a Napoli fan who died after violent clashes last year. The Stadio Olimpico Stadium will be closed for Roma's next home game against Atalanta on April 19  .
Aston Villa's Kevin Toner is out of contract at the end of the summer. Norwich, Leicester, Newcastle and Stoke have watched the 18-year-old central defender. Toner captains Aston Villa's Under-21 team at the age of just 18. Tim Sherwood is keen to develop his young talent .
Malky Mackay was sensationally sacked by Wigan Athletic on Monday. Former Hibs boss Alan Stubbs has emerged as a front-runner to succeed the Scot. Stubbs' No2 John Doolan was part of Uwe Rosler's backroom staff at Wigan.
Celtic beat St Mirren 2-0 to go eight points clear at the top of the Scottish Premiership. Ronny Deila's side have won four successive league matches. The Hoops face Partick Thistle on Wednesday night .
Celtic beat St Mirren 2-0 in the Scottish Premiership on Friday night. James Forrest and Stefan Johansen scored the goals for Ronny Deila's side. Deila said Scottish football will struggle to develop top players without better pitches.
Ian Poulter has two top 10 finishes at the Masters in his 10 attempts. The 39-year-old admits the prospect of retiring without a major victory would leave him unfulfilled. The Englishman believes he will still claim the game’s two biggest prizes at Augusta National. Click here for more golf news .
Rory McIlroy is favourite to win the Masters at Augusta National this week. Gary Player believes the 25-year-old will become the sixth player to win all four majors. Tiger Woods completed the career Grand Slam at the age of just 24 and Jack Nicklaus at 26.
Rory McIlroy has the chance to complete the career Grand Slam at Augusta National on Thursday. The Northern Irishman is targeting his third major title and the completion of the Grand Slam . Tiger Woods won 11 of his 14 majors at the Home of Golf . The American is ranked 111th in the world at present and has never won a major at Augusta .
Neymar has not scored for Barcelona since the 5-0 win at home to Levante on February 15. Luis Enrique insists he is not concerned by the Brazil forward's recent goal drought. Barcelona face Almeria at the Nou Camp on Wednesday .
Manchester City lost 2-1 to Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park on Saturday night. Glenn Murray and Jason Puncheon scored the goals that secured the win for the Eagles. Manuel Pellegrini's side are now nine points behind Premier League leaders Chelsea. The Chilean boss insists he does not fear the sack after the defeat  .
Rory McIlroy and Tiger Woods will line up at Augusta for the Masters this week. The world No 1 is 103 places above Woods in the world rankings. Woods is one of only five players to win the Masters, The Open, the US PGA Championship and the US Open .
Barcelona beat Celta Vigo 1-0 in La Liga on Saturday to stay four points clear of Real Madrid. Jeremy Mathieu scored the only goal of the game in the 73rd minute to give Barcelona all three points . Neymar has failed to score in his last four games in a Barcelona shirt for the club .
Charlie Adam scored one of the best goals of the Premier League era in Stoke City's defeat to Chelsea. The Scotland international struck from inside his own half after seeing Thibaut Courtois off his line. CLICK HERE for all the latest Stoke City news.
Chelsea captain John Terry hails Eden Hazard as one of the world's best players. Hazard scored a penalty to give the Blues the lead against Stoke City at Stamford Bridge. Charlie Adam equalised for the visitors with a stunning 66-yard wonder goal. CLICK HERE for all the latest Chelsea news .
Raheem Sterling has turned down a new deal with Liverpool and put off contract talks until the summer. The winger's current £35,000-a-week deal at Liverpool has two years to run at the end of this season. Sterling has attracted interest from clubs including Real Madrid, Bayern Munich, Manchester City and Arsenal. The 20-year-old says he does not want to be seen as a money-grabber. Sterling says he would have signed a less lucrative deal last year.
Paul Casey 'desperately' wants to play in the Ryder Cup again. The Englishman has returned to the world's top 50 after leaving the European Tour in January. But he looks unlikely to rejoin the Tour in time to earn qualifying points this season  .
Darren Bent opened the scoring from the penalty spot in the 45th minute to put Derby 2-1 up against Watford. Marco Vydra equalised for the Hornets in the 23rd minute with a deflected shot from close range. Tom Ince doubled Derby's lead in the 57th minute before Odion Ighalo pulled one back .
Dundee United lost 2-0 to Celtic in the Scottish League Cup on Wednesday night . The defeat was their first derby defeat in 11 years at Dens Park . Dundee United have failed to win any of their last 10 games . Click here for all the latest news .
Edinson Cavani insists he has a respectful relationship with Zlatan Ibrahimovic. Reports had suggested a breakdown in the pair's relationship earlier in the season. Cavani admits he and Ibrahimovic are not necessarily friends but dismisses rumours of a rift .
Nick Abendanon was man of the match for Clermont Auvergne in their 37-5 thrashing of Northampton. The former Bath full back scored one try and had a crucial hand in two others . The 28-year-old won the last of his two England caps.
Australianwidefishingguide shows tourists how it's done by lying down on his back and kicking his legs in the air. The mob of Emus come close to see what's going on, then scatter .
Tottenham have registered their interest in Marseille forward Andre Ayew. The 25-year-old is out of contract this summer and will be available on a free transfer. Inter Milan are thought to be leading the race to sign the Ghana international .
Tim Sherwood and Chris Ramsey forged their friendship at Tottenham and remain close. Sherwood hinted on Monday that if Ramsey's tenure at Loftus Road proves short-lived, he would ask to bring him to Villa Park. Ramsey must put his friendship with Sherwood on ice .
Harry Kane believes Tottenham can still qualify for the Champions League. The 21-year-old became the youngest Premier League captain this season. Tottenham are seven points behind Manchester City with seven games to play. CLICK HERE for all the latest Tottenham news .
Harry Redknapp says Raheem Sterling should focus on his football rather than his contract dispute. Sterling has rejected an offer of £100,000-a-week to stay at Liverpool. The 20-year-old has put off contract talks until the summer .
Raheem Sterling gave an interview last week in which he suggested he was considering his future at Liverpool. The forward has not yet signed a new contract with the club. Brendan Rodgers insists his relationship with Sterling is as strong as ever  .
Michael Owen has warned Raheem Sterling that life after Liverpool may not be all he hopes it to be. The England winger rejected a £100,000-a-week deal at Anfield this week. Chelsea, Arsenal and Manchester City are all said to be interested .
Jose Mourinho says he would sell any of his Chelsea players if they did not want to play for the club. Raheem Sterling has rejected a new £100,000-a-week contract with Liverpool. The 20-year-old has attracted interest from Arsenal, Manchester City and Bayern Munich. Click here for more Liverpool news .
Olivier Giroud and Arsene Wenger named Premier League Player and Manager of the Month. Giroud scored five goals in four games for Arsenal in March to earn the award. Arsenal sit third in the Premier League, seven points behind Chelsea.
Raheem Sterling has turned down a new deal with Liverpool and put off contract talks until the summer. The 20-year-old gave an interview to the BBC on Wednesday giving his reasons for his decision. Sterling has played in various positions under Brendan Rodgers - including as a striker and at wing back .
Raheem Sterling has an agent, in Aidy Ward, who is developing a reputation for an aggressive strategy. Liverpool boss Brendan Rodgers remains confident Sterling will stay at Anfield. But Liverpool do not have the financial muscle of a City or Chelsea and that could yet result in them losing Sterling. Click here for more Liverpool news.
Dove asked a group of women to write down every thought they had about themselves in a notebook. Unbeknownst to the women, those negative remarks and self-body shaming were turned into a script. The script was read aloud as dialogue in a cafe by two actresses.
The toddlers are believed to have fallen in the water accidentally at 9.45am on Friday in Yuma, Arizona. They were flown by a U.S. Marine Corps helicopter to a Yuma hospital .
Former US president George H.W. Bush looked in good health at the U.S. Men's Clay Court Championship in Houston, Texas. Bush, 90, fell ill in December and was hospitalized after complaining of shortness of breath .
Abdul Hadi Arwani, 48, was found dead in a car in Wembley on Wednesday morning with bullet wounds to the chest. He was said to have been embroiled in dispute with his former workplace, the An-Noor mosque. Hassan Anyabwabwile, 53, replaced him at the mosque in Acton, West London, some time around 2013. He is named in a report on an attempted coup d'état 25 years ago .
Gang of fly-tippers used three tractors and trailers to dump 40 tonnes of industrial waste in Suffolk village. Police say it is the worst case of flytipping they've seen in 28 years and will cost thousands to clear.
Stratford District Council was in the top ten councils for recycling and composting for the second year running. The recycling rate of just over 59 per cent for 2013/14 put Stratford eighth out of 352 authorities nationwide.  .
Cody got stuck in the bog in Belvedere, south-east London, on Friday afternoon. Fire crews spent more than an hour rescuing the distressed animal. The horse was unharmed but shaken by the ordeal.
Mark O'Meara carded a 68 to make the cut at the Masters for the first time in 10 years. The 1998 champion was one over after the first round but carded five birdies in his second. The 58-year-old American is the third oldest man in the field .
Yeovil Town manager Paul Sturrock suffered relegation on his second day in charge. The Glovers drew 1-1 with Notts County in Sturrock's first game in charge - two days after he got the job.
Manchester City lost 2-1 to Crystal Palace in their Premier League clash at Selhurst Park . Premier League champions offered free transport to 300 fans who took them up on the offer. Six coaches were sent on their way from the Etihad Stadium at 1.30pm but missed the kick-off . City have apologised to fans and promised ticket refunds .
Robbie Fowler has named his FIFA 15 Ultimate Team Legends XI for his 40th birthday. The former Liverpool and England striker has named five players from his era. Fowler's team is based on a 3-5-2-3 formation with three central defenders.
Police have charged two teenagers for allegedly setting off flares during Friday's A-League match. A 13-year-old boy suffered burns to his leg in the incident at nib Stadium in Perth. A 16-year old boy has been charged with grievous bodily harm and use of signals and flares. The 15- year-old will appear in Perth Children's Court on May 6 .
Advertising entrepreneur John Singleton is selling his breathtaking beach house on the central coast of New South Wales. Situated beside the Killcare Surf Life Saving Club, the luxurious five-bedroom abode offers sweeping views of the Pacific Ocean. Singleton bought the five bedroom residence for a suburb record of $4.25 million in late 2007  .
Stunning shots make up the short-list for the Wisden–MCC Cricket Photograph of the Year 2014. The competition's winning image was taken by Matthew Lewis and captures an outrageous pouch by Dwayne Bravo. Images of ordinary players also make the list, from children playing cricket .
Eagle Scout Brian Gewirtz told his family he was going for a walk near his Brooklyn, New York, home on February 17. His family started a frantic search in the local community, warning people of his disability which made it hard for him to understand.
Sadie the German Shepherd was filmed at home in Alberta, Canada, switching on an electric organ with her nose. The six-year-old was apparently adopted from an animal rescue shelter in 2009  .
Everton will look to extend Darron Gibson's contract this summer as he recovers from injury. The midfielder will miss the final seven games of the season with metatarsal damage. Roberto Martinez expects Gibson to be ready for pre-season.
Everton midfielder Darron Gibson has been ruled out of the rest of the season with a metatarsal injury. Roberto Martinez expects Gibson to return to pre-season in the best possible shape. Click here for more Everton news.
Long tailbacks built up on both sides of the carriageway between junctions four and five in Ortford, Kent. Police received reports that people started kicking a ball about in the closed stretch of the road. They warned motorists to remain inside their vehicles.
Bradley Neil finished 13 over par on day two of his first Masters. The 19-year-old has been tipped for big things by the likes of Rory McIlroy and Jordan Spieth.
Bradley Neil missed the cut on his Masters debut at Augusta National. The 19-year-old Scot carded rounds of 78 and 79 to finish 13 over par. Neil played with 1988 Masters winner Sandy Lyle.
Danny Willett vented his anger after his second shot from beyond the green trickled all the way across the putting surface. The 27-year-old Englishman carded a one-under 71 during his first ever round at Augusta National.
Rory McIlroy will go out in penultimate group with Phil Mickelson and Ryan Moore at 6.48pm (BST) on Friday. The world No 1 recovered from a shaky start to card a one-under-par 71 but finished seven shots behind leader .
Andy Murray will face Novak Djokovic in the final of the Miami Open on Sunday. The British No1 is set to marry his fiancee Kim Sears in Dunblane on Saturday. Murray has lost nine out of his last 10 matches against the Serb .
Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg finished second and third in Malaysia. Sebastian Vettel won the second race of the season to give Ferrari a much-needed tonic. Mercedes boss Toto Wolff insists his team will keep calm and carry on .
Sebastian Vettel won the second race of the season with victory in Malaysia last month. Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg finished second and third respectively in Sepang. Ferrari technical director James Allison believes Mercedes will win.
Tom Croft has signed a new deal with Leicester despite his injury troubles. Croft suffered a dislocated shoulder in the Tigers' victory over Newcastle last month. The England flanker faces six months of rehabilitation .
Lawrence Dallaglio views poor performance of English clubs as a 'crisis' for French rugby. Saracens are the nation's solitary representative in the semi-finals after Bath, Northampton and Wasps tumbled out of the Champions Cup over the weekend. Clermont's 37-5 rout of Saints points to a chasm between the English and French leagues   .
Glasgow Warriors have been placed on high alert after it was revealed Richie Gray could be sold. Gray has one year left on his contract but will be released if Castres are relegated. Johnnie Beattie and Max Evans also expected to leave .
Tom Poynton has signed a new one-year contract extension with Derbyshire. The 25-year-old missed the entire 2014 campaign due to leg injuries sustained in a road accident in which his father Keith died .
Rangers have promised to probe claims Mike Ashley has grabbed control of club's badges. Sports Direct tycoon given security over icons and logos as part of £5m loan. Dave King's new regime have promised speedy investigation .
Cristiano Ronaldo was booked for diving in Real Madrid's 2-0 win against Rayo Vallecano on Wednesday. The Real Madrid star was set to miss Saturday's game against Eibar but his yellow card has now been rescinded. Click here for more Real Madrid news .
Manchester United sit above Manchester City in the Premier League table for the first time since November 23, 2013. City lost 2-1 at Crystal Palace on Monday night and now trail United by a point. The last time this had happened United were sixth on 20 points, one ahead of then ninth-placed City after 11 games during the 2013-14 campaign.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic scored a hat-trick in Paris Saint-Germain's 4-1 win over Saint Etienne on Wednesday. The 33-year-old has now scored 102 goals for PSG in less than three years in the French capital. Ibrahimovic has never played in the Premier League but could move away from PSG .
Sergio Aguero has scored six goals in six derby meetings with Manchester United. The Argentine forward is hoping to add to that tally when the two sides meet at Old Trafford on Sunday. Aguero believes United striker Radamel Falcao is one of the best.
Lazio beat Napoli 1-0 on Wednesday to reach the Coppa Italia final. They will now face Juventus in the final on June 7. Defender Mauricio captured the Lazio fans' celebrations using a selfie stick .
Marca say James Rodriguez is 'worth his weight in gold' at Real Madrid. The Colombian midfielder has impressed since his £60million move from Monaco last summer. AS focus on Cristiano Ronaldo's appeal against his yellow card for diving. Roberto Mancini reveals his targets for Inter Milan this summer.
Chelsea beat Stoke City 2-1 in their Premier League clash on Saturday. Eden Hazard scored a penalty and set up Loic Remy's winner in west London. Chelsea are seven points clear at the top of the table after eight games.
Bayern Munich beat Bayer Leverkusen 5-3 on penalties in the German Cup semi-final on Wednesday. Pep Guardiola's side have scored just once in their last three matches. Bayern Munich face Eintracht Frankfurt in the Bundesliga on Saturday looking to maintain their 10-point lead.
Arsenal right back Hector Bellerin has been linked with a return to former club Barcelona. The 20-year-old has impressed for the Gunners this season, scoring twice against Liverpool on Saturday. Dani Alves could leave Barcelona as his contract expires at the end of the season  .
David Luiz tore a hamstring in PSG's 3-2 win at Marseille on Sunday night. The Brazilian defender will be out for at least four weeks after scans revealed the severity of the injury . Click here for all the latest PSG news .
The 2015 Indian Premier League begins on April 8 and ends on May 24. Eight teams will play a total of 60 games over almost seven weeks across 12 venues. MS Dhoni's Chennai Super Kings are the most successful team in IPL history. New Zealand captain Brendon McCullum is one of the most exciting players in world cricket at the moment.
Christian Benteke scored a hat-trick as Aston Villa drew 3-3 with QPR at Villa Park on Tuesday night. Charlie Austin scored QPR's second and Clint Hill scored a late consolation goal for the visitors. Fabian Delph and Gabriel Agbonlahor impressed in midfield for Chris Ramsey's side .
Tim Sherwood has branded Aston Villa's stars 'icing on the cake players' ahead of QPR clash. Villa have lost back-to-back Premier League games and sit bottom of the table. QPR host Villa on Tuesday night at Loft Park.
Jack Wilshere, Mikel Arteta and Abou Diaby all start for Arsenal Under 21s against Stoke City. Midfielders have been out of action since November after breaking their foot. Arsene Wenger's side beat Brentford 4-0 in a friendly last week .
Jack Wilshere, Mikel Arteta and Abou Diaby set to feature for Arsenal Under 21s against Stoke City. Steve Gatting's young Gunners take on Stoke City at the Emirates Stadium on Tuesday night. The trio have been out of action since November through injury .
Liam Treadwell won the race on Venetia Williams-trained 100-1 shot Mon Mome in 2009. Tom Scudamore and Paul Carberry have already got rides on Monbeg Dude. Mike Tindall co-owns the horse with his wife Zara Phillips.
Alastair Cook insists he is 'refreshed' after winter's enforced sabbatical at home on the farm. England face West Indies in three Caribbean Tests this month. Cook will hope England can regain the Ashes when they face Australia later this summer .
Kevin Pietersen has lashed out at Graham Gooch for commenting on his attempted England comeback. Gooch appeared on BBC Radio Five Live on Sunday morning and took a broadly supportive stance of Pietersen. The former England captain has re-signed for Surrey  .
Kevin Pietersen has re-signed for Surrey this summer in an attempt to win an England recall. The 34-year-old has not played for England since the 2013-14 Ashes whitewash. Pietersen will start batting for Surrey against Oxford MCCU on April 12 .
Nabil Fekir's father Mohamed does not want his son to sit on the bench at Manchester City. The Lyon frontman's father believes a move to Arsenal would benefit the 21-year-old. FekIR recently split with his agents after his family were reportedly disappointed with their pursuit of City deal.
Barcelona beat Celta Vigo 1-0 in La Liga on Sunday evening. Jeremy Mathieu's 73rd minute header gave Luis Enrique's side the lead. Fabian Orellana was shown a straight red card for throwing a lump of grass in the direction of Sergio Busquets .
Manchester City have been limited to a net spend of £49million in the last two transfer windows. Manuel Pellegrini is hoping UEFA's financial restrictions will be lifted at the end of the season. City have spent £25m on Wilfried Bony, Fernando, Willie Caballero and Eliaquim.
Diego Costa limped off with a hamstring injury during Chelsea's 2-1 win over Stoke City. Blues boss Jose Mourinho was happy to have gambled with Costa's fitness after 10 minutes. Eden Hazard and Loic Remy stepped up to fill the void left by Costa .
Brittany Lincicome beat Stacy Lewis in a play-off to win the LPGA's opening major of the year in California . The 30-year-old eagled the final hole of the final round to claim her second ANA Inspiration title.
Steve McClaren has been linked with a move to Newcastle at the end of the season. Derby want Burnley manager Sean Dyche to replace McClaren if he leaves this summer. Dyche has impressed in the Premier League this season .
Liverpool lost 4-1 to Arsenal at the Emirates on Saturday to leave them eight points behind Manchester United. Jordan Henderson is targeting seven wins out of seven in the league and an immediate response at Blackburn in the FA Cup .
Aston Villa host QPR at Villa Park on Tuesday night in the Premier League. Tim Sherwood and Chris Ramsey worked together at Tottenham Hotspur. The pair will be 10 metres away from each other on the touchline in Birmingham . A win for QPR would see them out of the bottom three and leave Villa in the relegation zone. A defeat would see Sherwood's side drop to the bottom of the table .
Darren Bent has scored nine goals in 13 games for Derby since joining on loan from Aston Villa in January. The 31-year-old's contract at Villa runs out at the end of the season and he will be a free agent in the summer .
Aston Villa host QPR at Villa Park on Tuesday night in the Premier League. Tim Sherwood admits he does not have the players to grind out results against relegation rivals. Sherwood faces his friend and former Tottenham assistant Chris Ramsey for the first time since leaving Spurs .
Sean Dyche has been tipped to replace former England boss Steve McClaren at Derby. The Clarets boss insists he is enjoying life at Turf Moor. Dyche remains a big fan of Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger.
Chelsea face QPR at Loftus Road in the Premier League on Sunday. John Terry was caught up in a race controversy with Anton Ferdinand in 2011. Terry was cleared in court of racially abusing Ferdinand but was fined £220,000 by the FA. Gary Cahill backs his skipper to handle.
Clint Hill scored his first Premier League goal for QPR in Tuesday's 3-3 draw at Aston Villa. Chris Ramsey's side remain two points adrift of safety in the Premier League table. Christian Benteke scored a hat-trick for Villa .
QPR beat West Brom 4-1 at the Hawthorns on Saturday to move above Aston Villa on goal difference. Chris Ramsey and Tim Sherwood worked together at Tottenham for four years. QPR boss Ramsey believes Sherwood will keep Villa in the Premier League. The pair live within 10 minutes of each other and share words in advance .
QPR drew 3-3 with Aston Villa at Villa Park after Christian Benteke scored a hat-trick. Tony Fernandes was watching the game from afar on his iPhone from Malaysia. Rangers chairman spoke of his despair after his team twice threw away a lead. Click here for more QPR news.
Nemanja Matic and Cesc Fabregas are both just one booking away from a two-game ban. The duo will miss games against Arsenal and Manchester United if they are shown a yellow card. Chelsea face QPR at Loftus Road on Sunday afternoon .
The 20-year-old has been released without charge after being questioned by police on 'suspicion of a sexual offence' . Wallace was with Vitesse's squad for their trip to Excelsior and was fined by the Dutch club for the incident .
Bournemouth, Norwich, Watford, Middlesbrough, Derby, Wolves, Brentford and Ipswich could all be playing in the Premier League next season. Eight sides still have a chance of claiming one of the two automatic promotion places. Click here for more Championship news .
The 161st Oxford-Cambridge Boat Race will take place on Saturday. The women's crews will battle the same Thames course as the men, who will follow an hour later. The race will be televised for the first time.
Crew members from the Chiswick RNLI station came to the assistance of the Oxford crew and their cox. They were training for the Boat Race which - along with the men's race - takes place Saturday.
Wasps will appeal the three-match ban handed to Nathan Hughes for knocking out George North. Wasps will not be able to play in Sunday's Champions Cup quarter-final against Toulon. Northampton wing George North suffered a third confirmed concussion in four months against Wasps last Friday .
George North suffered his third confirmed concussion in just four months against Wasps last Friday. The Wales and Lions wing will be reassessed at the end of April. North was knocked out following a collision with the knee of Nathan Hughes .
Northampton have ruled out winger George North for the game against Clermont Auvergne on Saturday. The 22-year-old was knocked unconscious against Wasps last Friday night. Northampton director of rugby Jim Mallinder says he will see a neurosurgeon .
Hull FC beat Widnes 22-8 to make it back-to-back wins for the first time since last June. Tom Lineham scored two interception tries in an eye-catching hat-trick for Hull .
Leeds Rhinos beat Castleford Tigers 26-12 at the Mend-A-Hose Jungle on Good Friday. Rhinos captain Kevin Sinfield sat out during the week he announced he was switching codes at the end of 2015.
Jacob Fairbank fractured his ankle and suffered ligament damage while on loan at Halifax. The 25-year-old was injured in Halifax's victory over Hunslet on Easter Monday. Fairbank faces an extensive rehabilitation period .
Jonathan Trott failed twice with the bat during England's warm-up match in St Kitts. Trott looks set to open the batting with Alastair Cook in the first Test in Antigua next week. England face West Indies in first Test on Monday.
England dominated against a modest St Kitts & Nevis XI in warm-up match. Alastair Cook and Jonathan Trott put on an unbeaten stand of 158 for the second wicket. Ben Stokes took three wickets for 10 in an impressive spell with the ball. CLICK HERE for all the latest England news .
Richie Benaud, 84, died on Friday after a long battle with skin cancer. The cricket commentary box legend revealed last year that he was receiving radiation treatment. He said he believed the cancers were caused by playing cricket in the sun without a hat or sunscreen. Benaud urged all Australians to wear a cap to protect themselves from the sun .
Chelsea beat Stoke 2-1 in their Premier League clash on Saturday. Loic Remy scored his second consecutive winner in the game at Stamford Bridge. Diego Costa left the game with a hamstring injury and could miss the game .
Cameron Thomas Philp graffitied and spat on the side of a police forensics van in 2013. He was fined $300 but avoided a conviction at Brisbane Magistrates Court on Friday. Mr Philp claimed he had no recollection of vandalising the car .
Former Olympic gymnast, Louis Smith, MBE, is constantly sharing images of his honed torso on Instagram. The 25-year-old has been dating TOWIE star, Lucy Mecklenburgh, 23, since December.
Cressida Bonas, 26, says she is more than happy being single following split from Prince Harry. Says she is a 'strong, independent woman' and wants to pursue her acting career freely. Dated Prince Harry for two years until last April when they split over wedding costs. Has just finished playing Cecily in The Importance of Being Ernest at London Oratory.
Will Stack, a 22-year-old U.S. Army National Guardsman, has released a video disputing claims that all white police officers treat suspects 'on the basis of their color' In the footage, which has gone viral on social media, Mr Stack recounts his own experience with a 'Caucasian officer' in South Carolina. He says he was given a warning for 'improper use of the median' after doing everything the cop told him to do. The video has been viewed 1.7million times on Facebook .
Kevin Pietersen believes Michael Vaughan is the right man to lead England Cricket. The former England captain is the hot favourite to be appointed as director of England cricket. Paul Downton was sacked by the ECB after the nation's dismal World Cup .
Kevin Pietersen is gearing up for his first county championship action since June 2013. Surrey paceman Chris Tremlett has backed his team-mate to make an international comeback. Paul Downton was sacked as managing director of England cricket on Wednesday.
Ale Stewart has expressed his interest in becoming the new Director of England Cricket. The former England wicketkeeper-batsman played in a record 133 Tests for his country. He has not yet been approached by the ECB but said: 'When England come calling, you shouldn't say no'  .
Tottenham defender Kyle Walker sustained injury after collision with Kieran Trippier at Burnley. There were fears the 24-year-old may have fractured his right foot. Scans have revealed that Walker has not broken his foot .
Arsene Wenger won the Premier League Manager of the Month award in March for the 14th time in his career. The Frenchman has won 14 of the gongs since taking over at Arsenal in October 2000. Sir Alex Ferguson won 27 monthly prizes in all between 1993 and 2012. Jose Mourinho has won the prize three times, including in March 2007 .
Francis Coquelin wants to follow in the footsteps of club legend Patrick Vieira. The Frenchman has thrived in the centre of Arsenal's midfield since returning from Charlton loan. The Gunners take on Liverpool at the Emirates on Saturday in the Premier League on Saturday .
Tim Sherwood will move for Chris Ramsey if he leaves QPR in the summer. The pair forged a close bond during their time together at Tottenham. Sherwood also wishes he had striker Darren Bent at his disposal at Aston Villa Park .
Jeanetta Riley, 35, a mother-of-three daughters was killed last July after she brandished a knife at two cops outside of a hospital in Sandpoint, Idaho. She was taken to the hospital by her husband, Shane, 44, after he heard her fiddling with blades and talking about killing herself and stabbing people. The couple were homeless and living out of a 1996 Chevrolet van parked next to a lake. She pulled a knife from under the car seat featuring a three-and-a-half-inch blade and was confronted by police before she was shot and killed. Officers Michael Valenzuela, 27 and Skyler Ziegler, 29 were cleared of any wrongdoing in November .
Dina Talaat put on a spectacular show at the opening ceremony of the Confederation of African Football's (CAF) Ordinary General Assembly in Cairo. Delegates from Egypt stayed in an adjoining hall inside the hotel until the end of the performance, it was claimed.
The couple have been named as Georgina Rojas-Medina, 41, and her common-law husband, Gerardo Tovar, 44. Neighbors say they were alerted to the bodies by the couple’s 4-year-old daughter just after midnight on Saturday. The couple had been together for 13 years.
Todd Phillips, a front-outside tire changer for Dayle Coyne Racing, was injuried when he was struck by the car of Francesco Dracone, who had come in on Lap 25 for tires and fuel.
Dr Seuss fans flock to Alaska to visit 12-cabin-high structure that looks like one of his illustrations. It was once a two-story home built after a forest fire swept the valley clean of trees. New owners are now renovating it .
Children who share iPads in class do much better in early literacy tests than those who don't, researchers claim. Findings come after National Association of Head Teachers general secretary said he was dubious about using technology as a teaching aid in non-IT classes.
John Axford has been placed on the family medical emergency list by the Colorado Rockies. His son Jameson, 2, was bitten twice by a rattlesnake last month and requires more treatment. The family will board an emergency medical flight on Monday to Denver so that Jameson can have more treatment  .
Four-seater Cessna 172 is believed to have come down near Hatten, Oldenburg, Germany. Male pilot killed and three passengers taken to hospital after crash. Cause of the crash is yet unclear, police say .
Manchester City captain Vincent Kompany has hit back at UEFA's Financial Fair Play regulations. The Premier League champions were last year deemed to have breached FFP regulations. City were fined £50million and ordered to operate with a transfer kitty.
More than 70 hours of footage from hidden cameras in a London boozer. One man in the Lord Nelson pub was heard telling his friends how he realised he was gay while dating a married woman. Women were discussed only occasionally.
Lewis Moody, Danny Grewcock and Josh Lewsey said they felt nothing more than a jolt. Poor visibility at the makeshift 800m strip beside the Russian operated Camp Barneo first caused an aborted landing. The stars played down reports of a near miss as they celebrated return.
Richie Benaud passed away peacefully in his sleep on Friday surrounded by his wife Daphne and family. He had been receiving radiation treatment for skin cancer since November when he was admitted to a Sydney hospice. Prime Minister Tony Abbott offered Benaud's family a state funeral. Benaud played a pivotal role in the formation of World Series Cricket in the 1970s.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 1-0 in the Premier League derby at Old Trafford on Sunday. Louis van Gaal used all his substitutes before Michael Carrick came off with a tight calf. Sergio Aguero scored his first goal for City since February against Barcelona .
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-2 in the Manchester derby at Old Trafford. Sergio Aguero opened the scoring for City but Ashley Young, Marouane Fellaini, Juan Mata and Chris Smalling all struck before Aguero's second.
Hibernian beat Hearts 2-0 in the Edinburgh derby to stay in second place in the Championship. Alan Stubbs hailed his players' bravery after they ruined Hearts' Easter Road title party on hold .
Diane Blankenship, 45, is accused of having sex with a 14-year-old boy in the backseat of her vehicle while her friend drove them about town in December last year. She has been placed on administrative leave from Dayspring Academy in Tampa.
Police officers have shut down an enormous 1000 person rave in Sydney's East. They were forced to use capsicum spray on partygoers after the crowd became violent. One officer had to have a piece of glass removed from his head after being hit by a bottle. A 26-year-old woman was arrested after allegedly assaulting an officer.
Four men have been caught on CCTV robbing a service station in Tecomba, Melbourne. They filled a doona cover with $38,000 worth of cigarettes but failed to fit it into the boot. They lost a third of their loot as they dragged the doona alongside the car during their getaway  .
Melbourne woman Clare Verrall, 31, was randomly attacked while walking her dog on Wednesday night. She was left with a broken nose, broken toe and black eye after a man jumped out from behind bins and attacked her. The 31-year-old said kickboxing classes she had taken at the gym helped her defend herself. Victoria Police have released an image of the man they believe to be the attacker. They are still searching for the man with a distinctive neck tattoo.
The 65-year-old was named as the recipient on Saturday in recognition of his 45 years chronicling conflicts around the world. The jury recognised Gittoes 'for his courage to witness and confront violence in the war zones of the world' and for 'enlisting the arts to subdue aggression'
Troy Slezak from Huntington Beach, California, filmed his seven-month-old daughter Stella playing with the giant pooch on the living room floor at home. Footage shows the duo rolling around together and even stopping for nose rubs   .
The video was filmed at the Orana Wildlife Park in Christchurch, New Zealand. It shows the lions interacting with the visitors who stand inside a metal cage attached to a car.
Crash occurred at Moorabin Airport, near Melbourne, shortly before noon on Saturday. It is believed one of the planes had issued a may-day warning and attempted to make an emergency landing when it smashed into the other.
Jose Mourinho has been trialling a formation with Ramires and Nemanja Matic in midfield. Cesc Fabregas is likely to play in a more advanced role behind Didier Drogba up front. Oscar has failed to complete 90 minutes in any of his last 11 games.
Sebastian Vettel won his first Formula One race for Ferrari since May 2013 at the Spanish Grand Prix. The four-time world champion returned to a hero's welcome at the team's factory in Maranello last week. Ferrari face Mercedes in China this weekend's race.
David Powell arrested after the pensioner's body was discovered at her home in Stoke-on-Trent. The body has not yet been formally identified, but is understood to be his mother Celilia Powell. Police were called to the scene on Thursday.
Cambridge United chairman Dave Doggett warns of a new breed of hooliganism in the sport. He believes groups of up to 10 men are trying to relive the 1980s by arranging fights with rivals. Violence at matches has increased recently as older men return to retirement.
Thousands of female race-goers flocked into Aintree for Ladies' Day. Many opted for outfits that wouldn't have been out of place at a wedding. Others sported full-skirted looks bedecked with blooms.
Alassan Gobitaca, known as Al the Jumper, is a Swedish Guinness World Record holder. He has jumped over everything from a Lamborghini travelling at 80mph to a pair of bikes.
A Russian SU-27 Flanker 'aggressively' intercepted a U.S. RC-135U reconnaissance aircraft over Poland. Pentagon officials have slammed the move as 'unprofessional' and 'unsafe' .
LA Galaxy beat Seattle Sounders 1-0 to move off the foot of the Western Conference. Alan Gordon scored the only goal of the game in the first half. Robbie Keane and Clint Dempsey both missed out through injury for Galaxy .
Eden Hazard reached 100 Premier League appearances for Chelsea against QPR on Sunday. The Belgian has 35 goals and 25 assists in his 100th Premier League game for the Blues. Graeme Souness believes Hazard should be named PFA Player of the Year. The Sky Sports pundit compares Hazard to Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo .
Jordan Spieth tees off his third round at 2:55pm local time (7: 55pm BST) on Saturday. The 21-year-old American holds a five-shot lead at the half-way stage after a record 14 under par opening two rounds. Justin Rose and Paul Casey will be in Saturday's penultimate pairing at 7:45pm UK time with Dustin Johnson. Tiger Woods and Rory McIlroy will tee off.
Aljaz Bedene beat Maxime Chazal 6-3 6-2 in the opening round of qualifying for the Casablanca Open. The Slovenian-born 25-year-old has lived in the United Kingdom for seven years and is now a citizen .
Lewis Hamilton was fastest in first practice for this weekend's Chinese Grand Prix . The Mercedes driver was over half-a-second clear of team-mate Nico Rosberg . Sebastian Vettel was second, with Kimi Raikkonen third and Daniel Ricciardo.
Keanu Reeves visited the Red Bull factory in Milton Keynes with Sky Sports F1. The Matrix actor grilled chief technical officer Adrian Newey about the sport. The 50-year-old said the sport reminds him of the film business. Click here for more F1 news.
Fernando Alonso says he will retire from Formula One once his deal with McLaren-Honda comes to an end. The Spaniard says he is happy to be back at McLaren after leaving Ferrari for the 2015 season .
Sergio Perez fears 'a very painful year' lies ahead if Force India's upgraded car fails to impress. The Mexican was 10th in the season-opening race in Australia and 13th in Malaysia. Click here for more F1 news.
Daniel Ricciardo practices with a martial artist at Guyi Garden ahead of this weekend's Chinese Grand Prix. The Red Bull driver is hoping to kick-start his season after a slow start to the season. Red Bull have slipped behind Mercedes in the drivers' standings ahead of the weekend's race in Shanghai .
Jockey Tony McCoy rode Jezki to a thumping victory in the Grade One Aintree Hurdle. Arctic Fire, ridden by Ruby Walsh, fell at the final hurdle at the Grand National Festival. McCoy was able to coast to the finish .
Saracens flanker Jacques Burger cited for alleged foul play against Racing Metro. Burger is alleged to have struck Racing scrum-half Maxime Machenaud midway through the match. The complaint was made by match citing commissioner Eugene Ryan. Burger will face a disciplinary hearing on Thursday .
Tim Swiel will return to Harlequins on a full-time contract next season. Swiel spent four months on loan with Quins earlier this term. The 21-year-old made 10 appearances .
Charlie Hemphrey is the first Englishman to hit a Sheffield Shield hundred in Australia since John Hampshire in 1978. The 25-year-old was rejected by Kent, Derbyshire and Essex in his attempts to break into the English system as a youngster .
Sheldon Cottrell, Miguel Cummins, Shane Dowrich, Shane Gabriel, Shannon Gabriel, Leon Johnson and Veerasammy Permaul all stand down. West Indies have cut six names from their first training camp under new coach Phil Simmons.
Steven Finn believes pace does not matter in his quest to break back into England's Test squad. The Middlesex seamer admits he finds it 'baffling' he faces criticism for not hitting 90mph. The 26-year-old has vowed to regain his place in the side .
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev has been convicted of the 2013 bombing of the Boston Marathon. He kept his hands folded in front of him and looked down at the defence table as the guilty verdicts were read. The jury will now decide if he gets the death penalty.
Elia Viviani hit the barriers in the final kilometre of the one-day Scheldeprijs race. The Italian was vying for position ahead of the expected sprint finish in the cobbled classic. Sir Bradley Wiggins and Geraint Thomas avoided being caught up in the crash .
Harry Kane has scored 29 goals in all competitions for Tottenham Hotspur this season. Tim Sherwood believes Tottenham need to keep pace with Kane's progress or risk losing him. Aston Villa host Tottenham at White Hart Lane on Saturday in the Premier League on Saturday .
Sunderland host Crystal Palace at the Stadium of Light on Saturday (3pm kick-off) Sebastian Larsson suspended for next two games after reaching 10 bookings. Jack Rodwell and Will Buckley return to Black Cats squad but Wes Brown and Emanuele Giaccher
Jonas Gutierrez will trigger a contract extension at Newcastle if he starts the remaining seven matches. The Argentine has said he will never forgive Newcastle for their handling of his illness. Gutierrez was told to find a new club when he first returned from treatment in December 2013 .
Sam Allardyce wants West Ham to qualify for the Europa League via Fair Play. The Hammers currently sit first in the Premier League rankings with 999 points. England currently sit third behind the Republic of Ireland and the Netherlands .
Queen of the South beat Rangers 3-1 at Palmerston Park on Thursday night. Stuart McCall's side suffered their second defeat of the season at the hands of the Ibrox side. Rangers remain third in the Championship table.
Neymar shows off his skills on Instagram as he juggles the ball with a friend. Barcelona travel to Sevilla in La Liga on Saturday looking to extend their lead at the top. Click here for all the latest Barcelona news .
Manchester United sit above Manchester City in the Premier League table for the first time in 16 months. The last time United won a derby at home was in 2011 when Wayne Rooney scored a spectacular overhead kick. Manuel Pellegrini has branded the last three months of his side's season as 'garbage' due to poor form  .
Manchester City take on Manchester United at Old Trafford on Sunday. Manuel Pellegrini's side have fallen behind their arch-rivals in the Premier League table. City are fourth in the table with just a point separating them in third and fourth .
Pierre-Marie Geronimi has called for French League president Frederic Thiriez to step down. Bastia lost 4-0 to Paris St Germain in the League Cup final on Saturday. Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Edinson Cavani scored twice as PSG claimed their fifth League Cup trophy   .
Philadelphia beat New York City FC 2-1 for the Union's first Major League Soccer victory of the season. New York's Lloyd Sam scores in the 90th minute to rescue a 2-2 draw for the Red Bulls at DC United. San Jose Earthquakes midfielder Sanna Nyassi scores the only goal against Vancouver .
Lazio beat Napoli 1-0 in Wednesday's Coppa Italia semi-final to reach the final. Senad Lulic's late goal gave Lazio a 2-1 aggregate win and set up a meeting with Juventus. Stefano Pioli's side face Empoli on Sunday in the final in Rome. The Biancoceleste are riding a seven-game winning streak in Serie A   .
Palermo have not tasted victory away from home since November 2 when they won 2-0 at AC Milan. Roberto Vitiello's side are in 11th place in Serie A and need to win on Sunday. Udinese are 13th and one point adrift of Palermo.
Crystal Palace beat Manchester City 2-1 at Selhurst Park on Monday night. Glenn Murray scored his fifth goal in his last five games for the Eagles. The Cumbrian striker has the fifth-best goals-per-minute ratio in Europe's top five leagues. CLICK HERE for all the latest Crystal Palace news.
Glenn Murray opened the scoring for Crystal Palace with a first-half tap-in at Selhurst Park. Yaya Toure pulled one back for Manchester City in the second half. The result leaves City nine points adrift of leaders Chelsea, having slipped to fourth place .
Real Madrid face Rayo Vallecano in La Liga on Wednesday night. Carlo Ancelotti will have both Isco and James Rodriguez available for first time in two months. Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals in Real Madrid's 9-1 win on Sunday.
Real Madrid face city rivals Atletico Madrid in the quarter-finals of the Champions League. Carlo Ancelotti's side won last year's final 3-2 at the Bernabeu. Club legend Fernando Hierro believes Real can win a second consecutive Champions League this season .
Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals in one game for the first time in his career. Real Madrid beat Granada 9-1 to keep their title hopes alive on Sunday. Barcelona defeated Celta Vigo 1-0 on Monday.
Gareth Bale opened the scoring in Real Madrid's 9-1 win against Granada on Sunday. The Welsh winger was in fine form for his country during the international break. Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals in the win at the Bernabeu, including an eight-minute hat-trick .
West Ham have picked up just 11 points in the Premier League since the turn of the year. David Sullivan admitted the last 12 games have been 'exceedingly disappointing' Sam Allardyce has told Sullivan not to judge his side on 2015's results .
Manchester United host Manchester City at Old Trafford on Sunday (4pm kick-off) Chris Smalling back in contention after illness but Luke Shaw will not feature after hamstring injury. Manchester City captain Vincent Kompany doubtful with hamstring injury . Robin Van Persie will not be risked after ankle trouble and Andreas Pereira.
Manchester United defender Chris Smalling visited his old judo club Maidstone United. The 25-year-old presented some members of the club with replica United jerseys. Smalling excelled at the martial art as a teen and was even named national champion. The England international signed for United from Fulham .
Manchester United host Manchester City in the Premier League on Sunday. Marouane Fellaini was jeered by fans and pundits in 3-0 defeat to City last season. Louis van Gaal has praised the resurrection of the Belgian midfielder this season. Van Gaal has been impressed with his ability to play 4-3-3 with Ashley Young .
Wayne Rooney has listed his five most memorable moments of the Manchester derby. The Manchester United striker scored four stoppage time winners against Manchester City. The two sides are locked in a battle for the second Champions League qualification place .
QPR will be without experienced defender Richard Dunne for west London derby at home to Chelsea. Rio Ferdinand and Yun Suk-young will also miss out for the west London rivals. Chelsea without Diego Costa for Sunday's clash at Loftus Road. Eden Hazard set to make 100th appearance.
Chelsea have led or shared the Premier League since the opening day of the season. Jose Mourinho's side are seven points clear with eight matches to play . Chelsea face QPR at Loftus Road on Sunday as they bid to wrap up wire-to-wire.
Chris Ramsey believes Sunday's west London derby is more crucial to QPR than it is to Chelsea. Jose Mourinho's Blues visit Loftus Road looking for a win that will maintain their position as firm favourites to claim the Premier League crown. QPR need the points in their own battle to avoid dropping out of the division .
Orlando City face Portland Timbers at Providence Park on Sunday. Kaka posted a picture of himself working on his strength and balance on Instagram. The Brazilian has not scored since scoring in the first game of the season against New York City FC last week .
Bristol City drew 1-1 with Preston North End at Deepdale on Saturday. Steve Cotterill's side remain eight points clear at the top of League One. Preston remain in pole position to join them in promotion.
Bristol City beat Swindon Town 1-0 in the local derby at Ashton Gate. Kieran Agard, Joe Bryan and Aaron Wilbraham scored the goals for Bristol City. Steve Cotterill needs just two more wins to achieve promotion to the Championship.
Malky Mackay was sacked as Wigan manager on Monday following 2-0 loss to Derby County. Gary Caldwell was appointed as the Latics' new manager on Tuesday. The Latics are eight points adrift of safety with just five games to go .
Hibernian claimed their first Edinburgh derby victory of the season with a 2-0 win over Hearts. Jason Cummings and Farid El Alagui scored the goals for Alan Stubbs' side. Hibs are now second in the Scottish Championship table .
Dani Alves has been unable to agree a new deal with Barcelona and will leave this summer. The Brazilian right-back has been linked with Manchester United and Manchester City. Dinorah Santana, Alves's agent and ex-wife, confirmed he has rejected a three-year deal.
Dani Alves has been offered a new Barcelona deal according to his agent Dinorah Santana. The full-back's contract expires in the summer. Manchester United and Liverpool are keeping tabs on the Brazil international's availability .
Alexander Kristoff won the Tour of Flanders in a sprint finish with Niki Terpstra. Team Sky's Geraint Thomas finished in 14th place after struggling to close the gap on the likes of Kristoff. Sir Bradley Wiggins was one of a number of riders to hit the deck during race.
Glenn Murray has scored five goals in five games since returning from a serious knee injury. Crystal Palace boss Alan Pardew has been impressed by the striker's aerial ability. The Cumbrian has scored in all five Premier League games.
Dashem Tesfamichael, 30, was jailed for life for stabbing Olu Olagbaju, 26, to death in London nightclub in 2006. He was caught on camera drinking illegal alcohol and dancing with other inmates at Coldingley prison. Prison officers reportedly turned a blind eye to the partying, which happened in run-up to Christmas.
Around 5,700 pensioners are now diagnosed with melanoma each year in the UK compared with just 600 a year four decades ago. Getting sunburnt once every two years can triple a person’s risk of developing the disease, scientists suggest   .
Dave Tyler captured these stunning pictures showing the ferocious activity on the sun's surface during its solar maximum. The 72-year-old designed and built his own observatory in 1977 and now uses powerful telescopes to observe and photograph the solar system from his garden.
Time lapse footage captures a ride on the highest railway in Europe, the Jungfrau. The 9km long electrified track leads from Kleine Scheidegg to Jungraujoch and stands at an elevation of 2061m.
Footage was filmed in the Thai town of Kanchanaburi by Maja and Diano. The monkey snatches the banana from the woman's hand and begins tucking into it while its friends watch.
Steve Harmison has led Ashington AFC to seven wins on the spin. The 36-year-old is a boyhood Newcastle fan and is doing well with the non-league side. Harmison took 226 Test wickets for England between 2002 and 2009.
Manchester United beat Aston Villa 3-1 on Saturday to move up to third in the Premier League. Louis van Gaal's side are eight points ahead of fifth-placed Liverpool in the table. The Dutchman's first season out of the Champions League was far from ideal. But United will be in the top four again next season, barring a late collapse .
Paul Casey is the 99th qualifier in the field of 99 due to play at the Masters. The Englishman got in due to staying in the world’s top 50 but was projected to fall to 54th. Casey finished sixth on his Masters debut in 2004 .
Padraig Harrington was 'devastated' after failing to qualify for the Masters last year. The Irishman has rediscovered his form ahead of the Masters this week. Harrington won the Honda Classic in Florida last month after falling out of the world's top 300 .
Derby beat Wigan 2-1 at the DW Stadium on Saturday night. Chris Martin and Darren Bent scored in the second half to give the Rams the win. Derby are now eight points clear at the top of the Championship League table after eight games.
Matt Derbyshire puts Rotherham ahead after eight minutes at the New York Stadium. The Millers are now just two points behind Blackpool at the foot of the Championship table. The win moves them to within two points of Blackpool, who have lost their last five games.
Eduardo Vargas has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee ligament injury. The 25-year-old picked up the injury after falling awkwardly against West Brom. Vargas is the third QPR player to suffer an MCL injury .
Ander Herrera scored twice as Manchester United beat Aston Villa 3-1 at Old Trafford on Saturday. The 25-year-old described the Red Devils as the 'right team in the right league' Herrera has started the last eight matches for Louis van Gaal's side .
Wolves beat Leeds 3-2 at Molineux to move into sixth place in the Championship. Bakary Sako, Nouha Dicko and Benik Afobe scored the goals for Kenny Jackett's side. Substitute David Edwards scored a late winner to give Wolves a fourth successive win .
Liverpool face Blackburn in the FA Cup quarter-final at Ewood Park on Wednesday night. Brendan Rodgers' side lost 4-1 to Arsenal at the Emirates on Saturday night. Liverpool are fifth in the Premier League, four points behind Manchester United. Click here for more Liverpool news .
Tottenham Hotspur and Chelsea Under 21s play out goalless draw at Wheatatsheaf Park. Spurs had chance to go joint top of the league with Manchester United. Both teams will rue missed chances to claim all three points.
Javier Hernandez has endured a tough time on loan at Real Madrid this season. MLS side Orlando City have expressed an interest in signing the Mexico international. United have made a revised contract offer to Andreas Pereira. Click here for all the latest Manchester United news .
Referee German Delfino awarded a penalty to Velez Sarsfield after Daniel Valencia was adjudged to have handled the ball in the area. But linesman Ivan Nunez caught a replay of the incident on a nearby cameraman's monitor and informed the referee via his earpiece .
Steve Cook, Callum Wilson and Yann Kermorgant scored for Bournemouth. Birmingham's Clayton Donaldson and David Cotterill scored twice in three minutes to put them 2-1 down. Charlie Daniels scored a late penalty to make it 4-2 to Bourn Eddie Howe's men   .
Norwich City beat Sheffield Wednesday 2-0 at Carrow Road to move into the Championship's top two. Bradley Johnson scored his 12th and 13th goals of the season for the Canaries. Norwich maintain their automatic promotion hopes with victory .
Real Madrid beat Granada 9-1 in their La Liga clash at the Santiago Bernabeu. Iker Casillas handed a young fan his Real Madrid shirt during the half-time break. The veteran custodian looked concerned after seeing a fan get struck by a ball  .
Ben Cousins handed himself in to police after failing to make a court appearance over traffic charges. Cousins was supposed to appear in court to face reckless driving charges on Wednesday morning but he failed to show up. His lawyer claimed the former West Coast Eagles captain had conflicting medical appointments. The magistrate had ordered Cousins to produce written evidence of the conflicting appointments before 4pm WST or an arrest warrant issued.
Around 300 City fans have been given free travel on six coaches to take them to Selhurst Park. The Premier League champions face Crystal Palace on Monday night at 8pm. Hundreds of thousands of football fans are facing a travel nightmare because of the Easter rail shut down .
Ashley Young watched his brother Lewis play for Crawley against Oldham on Monday. Crawley were 2-0 up at half-time against the Latics in League One. CLICK HERE for more Manchester United news.
Jordan Henderson is approaching the final year of his £60,000-per-week contract. The Liverpool vice-captain has already rejected a five-year deal worth £80,000 per week. Sportsmail understands an offer worth £5.2million per year will be enough for Henderson to stay at Anfield.
Malky Mackay has been sacked by Wigan Athletic after just five months in charge. The Latics lost 2-0 at home to Derby County on Monday night, leaving them eight points off the relegation zone. Wigan must win their next two games against Fulham and Millwall to stand any chance of survival. Gary Caldwell is expected to be handed the job on a temporary basis .
Nahki Wells gave Huddersfield the lead after 12 minutes at the John Smith's Stadium. James Vaughan doubled the home side's lead in the 30th minute. Luke Varney headed a goal back for Ipswich in the second half .
Arsene Wenger admits he didn't expect Hector Bellerin and Francis Coquelin to be playing such key roles. The Arsenal boss had all but given up on Co quelin when he was sent on loan to Charlton before Christmas, says Wenger .
Troy Deeney opened the scoring for Watford in the 37th minute. Odion Ighalo scored his 19th goal of the season in the 65th minute to give Watford the lead. Middlesbrough have now lost four of their past five away games in the Championship this season .
Real Madrid bounced back from their El Clasico defeat by Barcelona with a thumping win at the Bernabeu on Sunday. Cristiano Ronaldo scored five, including a eight-minute hat-trick, as Real Madrid beat Granada 9-1. Gareth Bale, Karim Benzema and Robert Ibanez also scored for Carlo Ancelotti's side. Real Madrid remain top of La Liga with nine points from three games.
Manuel Pellegrini says Manchester City must splash the cash in the summer. City are currently fourth in the Premier League table. The Chilean believes his side can retain the title this season .
Arda Turan went to cockpit to congratulate team-mates after 2-1 victory against Luxembourg. Turkish aviation officials said it was a serious breach of safety rules of the flight. They said nobody other than the crew should be allowed in the cockpit during the flight .
Jeremy Mathieu headed home in the 73rd minute to give Barcelona a 1-0 lead against Celta Vigo. The French centre-back headed home from a Xavi free kick in the second half . Fabian Orellana was sent off for throwing a lump of turf at Sergio Busquets . Barcelona stay four points clear at the top of La Liga .
Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals in Real Madrid's 9-1 win over Granada on Sunday. The Portuguese superstar has now scored 11 goals in eight matches against Granada. He has scored 24 La Liga hat-tricks against Sevilla, Bilbao, Atleti and Getafe .
Liverpool lost 4-1 to Arsenal at the Emirates Stadium on Saturday afternoon. Brendan Rodgers has conceded defeat in his quest for the top four. Arsenal have won 17 of their 20 games since Christmas in all competitions. Liverpool are seven points adrift of the Champions League.
Kevin Pietersen returned to nets at The Oval for the first time since resigning for Surrey last month. The 34-year-old is hoping to impress enough for Surrey to earn a re-call to the England side - possibly for this summer's Ashes rematch .
Juan Arango bites Jesus Zavela in the shoulder as his temper flares in defeat by Monterrey. The Venezuelan icon was not booked by the referee but could face a heavy retrospective ban. Arango had earlier scored a magnificent free kick .
Barcelona beat Celta Vigo 1-0 at the Nou Camp on Sunday to go top of La Liga. Neymar, Dani Alves and Adriano all started for the Catalonian side. Jeremy Mathieu admits his side were poor throughout .
Liverpool lost 4-1 to Arsenal in the Premier League on Saturday. The defeat all but ends Liverpool's hopes of competing in the Champions League next season. Liverpool face Blackburn in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Wednesday night .
Ander Herrera scored a brace for Manchester United against Aston Villa on Saturday. The 25-year-old appeared to have his eyes closed as he struck at Brad Guzan's goal. Herrera has scored six of his seven goals without looking at either the ball or the opposition's net .
Andre-Pierre Gignac opened the scoring for Marseille in the 30th minute before Blaise Matuidi equalised for Paris St Germain in the 43rd. Zlatan Ibrahimovic put pressure on Jeremy Morel to force an own goal just two minutes later, before PSG went ahead for the first time in the game. Marquinhos made it 2-2 before half-time with a superb curling effort from the edge of the box to make it 3-2 . Ibrahimovic was involved in both goals, though not perhaps in the way that would be expected . PSG came from 2-1 down to win the game  .
ISIS fighters can be seen hammering and drilling away at sculptures and stone slabs believed to be 3,000 years old. The ancient Assyrian city of Nimrud is located near the Islamic State-controlled city of Mosul. The seven-minute video shows militants destroying the relics before bulldozing and blowing up the ruins, completely obliterating the historic site.
Daredevil Nik Wallenda says he'll walk untethered on top of 400-foot observation wheel April 29. The Orlando Eye, part of a new entertainment complex, will offer views of central Florida from inside 30 enclosed, air-conditioned glass capsules when it opens May 4.
The man was kicked out of Neely's Grog House in Port St Lucie, Florida, after paying with bounced checks. He returned minutes later with a cup of gasoline and threw it on the bouncer. The bouncer was taken to the hospital with serious burns.
Unnamed child from Medina, Ohio, gave out $100 notes in classroom before going to a friend's house after school. The group of friends then reportedly went on a shopping spree after the mass giveaway. Some $7,000 has been recovered.
Seven baby foxes were discovered abandoned in a cardboard box in a car park car park in Pennsylvania. The cubs were discovered by a woman passing the car park by a clothing donation bin. They are now being cared for at the Pocono Wildlife Rehabilitation and Educational Center in Stroudsbury .
Pictures from Monday's game showed the steel foundations for the new part of the Main Stand now taller than the existing structure. The new Main Stand will be able to seat 21,000 spectators and will be open in time for the 2016-17 season  .
Camilla Kerslake, 26, showed off more than she bargained for in daring, backless black dress. She arrived with England rugby captain boyfriend Chris Robshaw at the Olivier Awards with MasterCard .
Roberto Soriano opened the scoring for Sampdoria with an emphatic finish from the edge of the box. Nigel de Jong equalised for AC Milan with an audacious overhead kick on 74 minutes. The Dutch midfielder attempted the audacious shot following a poor corner clearance. De Jong's strike took a massive deflection off Alfred Duncan's leg to equalise.
Jury selection has begun for the murder trial of Chancey Luna, 17, accused of shooting Chris Lane dead. Lane, 22, from Melbourne, was shot in the back as he ran along a road in Duncan, Oklahoma. If found guilty, Luna faces a maximum sentence of life in jail without the prospect of release .
Celebrity chef Matt Kemp's anger management issues cost him his first marriage and his business. The 44-year-old chef labelled his pregnant wife a 'c***' during an episode of SBS's Heat in the Kitchen in 2004. Kemp discusses his anger issues on Tuesday's episode of Insight on SBS. Former NRL player Mark Geyer, 47, also has anger issues and appears on the show alongside Kemp on Tuesday .
The 75-year-old man was playing golf at the Palmer Sea Reef Golf Course at Port Douglas in Far North Queensland. Clive Palmer, who owns the course, gave the victim advice on how to avoid a similar injury. The elderly man drove himself back to the clubhouse in a buggy after the incident.
Real Sociedad took the lead through a Xabi Prieto penalty in the 31st minute. Deportivo La Coruna equalised through Lucas Perez in the 40th minute. Gonzalo Castro scored the winner for David Moyes' side in the 57th minute but it wasn't enough .
HLN's The Daily Share highlights the shocking price differences between near-identical products and services offered to women and men. The practice of 'invisible tax' is legal in almost every state in the US - even when the products or services are exactly the same for both genders.
Josi Harrison, Laura Lefebvre, and Hailey Walden were all in eighth grade when they were bullied into sending nude pictures to a boy at Clatskanie Middle School in Oregon. When they reported the ordeal to school officials, they were told to 'suck it up' . They filed a $2.5 million federal suit against the school district in 2013. On Thursday a judge ordered each girl receive $75,000.
Jordan Spieth carded a double bogey on the 17th but still set a new 54-hole scoring record at the Masters. The 21-year-old Texan is the third player his age to take a healthy lead into the final round. Tiger Woods and Rory McIlroy are tied for fifth .
Eric Harris, 44, was shot dead by Robert Bates, 73, in Tulsa, Oklahoma, on April 2. Deputies were chasing after him after he fled during a sting operation in a nearby parking lot. He had allegedly been caught trying to buy drugs and a gun from cops posing as dealers. Bates, a reserve officer, ran up to Harris in a bid 'to get the situation under control' But he mistakenly fired his gun instead of his Taser, according to police. After firing one round into Harris, Bates said: 'Oh, I shot him! I'm sorry'
Didier Drogba is yet to be offered an extension on his current 12-month deal at Chelsea. The 37-year-old made a shock return to Chelsea last summer after leaving the club in 2012. Click here for more Chelsea news.
Liverpool beat Newcastle 4-3 in the 1996 Premier League clash at Anfield. Robbie Fowler opened the scoring after just two minutes for the Reds. Les Ferdinand levelled for the Magpies after ten minutes. Stan Collymore scored twice in injury time to seal the win for Liverpool .
Stevan Jovetic looks likely to leave Manchester City this summer after being omitted from Champions League squad. Inter Milan have proposed an initial loan deal for the Montenegro forward. City are unwilling to let him leave on a temporary basis. Roberto Mancini is also interested in a deal for Yaya Toure.
Javier Hernandez has endured a frustrating season on loan at Real Madrid. Wolfsburg are looking to bring in another striker with Nicklas Bendtner failing to impress. The German club have also considered Edin Dzeko at Manchester City. United are understood to have made a revised contract offer to Andreas Pereira .
Santi Cazorla has said he is happy to stay at Arsenal despite interest from Atletico Madrid. The Spaniard has scored seven goals and provided eight assists this season for Arsenal. The 30-year-old has another year on his contract.
Mario Gomez joined Fiorentina from Bayern Munich in July 2013 for £17.2million. The German striker has been linked with a move to Barcelona in the summer. Gomez has scored four league goals so far this season for the Viola  .
Ped has only started 12 league games for Barcelona this season under Luis Enrique. The 27-year-old has been linked with a move away from the Nou Camp this summer. Spain international admits it is difficult not playing an important part for the club.
Celtic boss Ronny Deila wants to keep Manchester City defender Jason Denayer on loan next season. Hearts captain Danny Wilson is also among Deila's defensive targets. Celtic face St Mirren Park on Friday night .
Raymond Billam, 40, claimed he was unable to walk more than a few metres without crutches. But fraud investigators secretly filmed him taking to the pitch for his pub football team. Grandfather-of-four played over 87 games while dishonestly claiming incapacity benefit. He admitted benefit fraud and was sentenced to 26-weeks in prison suspended for two years at Barnsley.
Council will now offer up to £200,000 to candidates, rather than £160,000 enjoyed by former chief boss Martin Kimber. He left in December after report said 1,400 children had been abused.
Brett Anthony O'Connor has lost his appeal to ban the media from naming him during his trial. The former head of child safety at Education Queensland has been charged with child sex offences. The 52-year-old has been free on bail since March, when he was charged with sexually and indecently assaulting two 12-year boys.
Liz the bearded dragon lives with owner Shannen Hussein, 21, on her hobby farm in Melbourne. The reptile responds to her owner when asked 'Are you hungry?' with a definite nod of her scaly head .
Ivan Gazidis says he is 'not happy' that Arsenal are not going to win the Premier League title. The club's chief executive says the club will 'keep pushing' Chelsea, but admits winning the title is unlikely. Click here for Arsenal transfer news .
Chelsea's technical director Michael Emenalo travelled to Spain to watch Atletico Madrid's 2-2 draw with Malaga. The 31-year-old has one year left on his contract with the La Liga side. Miranda has also been offered to Manchester United and Manchester City this summer .
A handful of Manchester City fans were ejected from Old Trafford for allegedly mocking the Munich Air Disaster. Stewards threw out the group who were said to be attempting to taunt home supporters. Manchester United won the derby 4-2 on Sunday.
Thibaut Courtois was exceptional for Chelsea in their win over QPR on Sunday. Belgian goalkeeper has struggled in recent weeks but says he has not lost any sleep over errors. Chelsea beat Queens Park Rangers 2-0 on Sunday .
Zarina Diyas and Heather Watson are the seeded casualties on the first day of main-draw action at the Family Circle Cup in Charleston. British number one Watson beaten by Croatian teen Donna Vekic. Irina-Camelia Begu and Mona Barthel.
Novak Djokovic beat Andy Murray 7-6 4-6 6-0 in the Miami Open final on Sunday. The Serbian world No 1 claimed his fifth Miami Open winner's trophy. The 27-year-old Scot has now lost his last seven matches to the Serb . Murray has lost ten out of eleven matches against the Serbian in the last year . The pair met in the final of the Australian Open in Melbourne, which he won   .
Lewis Hamilton was fastest in both practice sessions for this weekend's Chinese Grand Prix. The Mercedes driver was 0.443secs quicker than Ferrari's Kimi Raikkonen and Sebastian Vettel. Red Bull's Daniel Ricciardo was third quickest, 1.093secs adrift. Williams' Felipe Massa's session lasted 38 minutes due to issues .
Glgow Warriors face Cardiff Blues at Scotstoun on Friday night in Guinness PRO12. Al Kellock and Dougie Hall are to retire at the end of May after 13 years of professional rugby. Cardiff Blues prop Gethin Jenkins is a doubt for the match with a calf strain .
Golden State Warriors beat Portland Trail Blazers 116-105 on Thursday night. Stephen Curry hit eight three-pointers to eclipse his own record of 272 made in a season. Chicago Bulls beat Miami Heat 89-78 on Thursday.
San Antonio stretched its streak of double-digit victories to nine with a 110-98 win against Houston on Wednesday. Spurs win leaves the top three teams in the NBA's Southwest Division separated by half a game. Memphis pulled even with Houston by routing New Orleans 110-74. Atlanta completed a season sweep of Brooklyn by winning 114-111 at the Nets on Wednesday .
Reanne Evans is the 10-time ladies' snooker world champion. The 29-year-old faces Ken Doherty in her first qualifier for the World Championship. Evans is bidding to become the first woman to reach three finals.
Cleveland Cavaliers small forward LeBron James says he would pick himself for MVP if he could. Players are able to vote in the end-of-season awards for the first time. James scored 21 points with nine rebounds and eight assists against Milwaukee Bucks.
Liam Stewart was set to make his senior Great Britain debut at the World Championships. The 20-year-old forward sustained a shoulder injury during Spokane Chiefs' Western Hockey League play-off series against Everett  .
Kyle Naughton has been ruled out for the rest of the season with ankle ligament damage. David Meyler was sent off for a high challenge on the Swansea full back on Saturday. The Hull midfielder was shown a straight red for the challenge on Saturday .
Stuart Armstrong joined Celtic from Dundee United on transfer deadline day in January. The 23-year-old is hoping to win the Scottish Premiership title next month. Celtic face Inverness in the Scottish Cup semi.
Billy McNeill won nine consecutive league championship titles as a player and manager. He was the first British team captain to lift the European Cup in 1967. The statue will be placed on the recently opened Celtic Way at Celtic Park.
Newcastle travel to Anfield to face Liverpool in the Premier League on Monday night. John Carver's side have lost four in a row and are in relegation danger. Carver says his players have a point to prove after losing the Tyne-Wear derby .
John Carver says his Newcastle players have a point to prove when they face Liverpool on Monday. Newcastle have lost four in a row and are in relegation danger. The Magpies have scored just once in their last four Premier League games .
Geoffrey Kondogbia has impressed Liverpool scouts this season in Europe and Ligue 1. France international was one of the most coveted players in Europe prior to signing for Monaco in 2013. Real Madrid, Manchester United, Juventus and Paris St Germain were all keen. Click here for more Liverpool transfer news .
Real Sociedad remain hopeful of signing Burnley striker Danny Ings when his contract expires in the summer. Liverpool, Manchester City and Manchester United have all shown interest in the England Under 21 international. Borussia Monchengladbach are also interested in the 23-year-old but Sociedads remain hopeful.
Gareth Bale scored twice for Wales against Israel as they claimed top spot in Euro 2016 qualifying group B. The Welshman scored his 15th and 16th goals for his country this season. Real Madrid lost 4-1 to Barcelona at the Nou Camp on Sunday and are now four points behind La Liga leaders Barcelona   .
Atletico Madrid face Real Madrid in the Champions League semi-finals on Tuesday. Diego Simeone's side have won all three of their meetings with Real Madrid this season. Fernando Torres has praised the coaching style of Atletico Madrid boss Diego Simeone.
Sergio Aguero scored his 100th goal for Manchester City in the 89th minute against Manchester United. The Argentine striker has scored 100 goals in just 158 appearances for City. Real Madrid and Barcelona are interested in signing Aguero this summer. The likes of Paul Pogba and Raheem Sterling are potential targets.
Lazio beat Empoli 4-0 at the Stadio Olimpico to lead Serie A by a single point from Roma. The Giallorossi are now 13 points behind Juve after drawing 1-1 at Torino on Sunday. Napoli beat Fiorentina 3-0 to retake fourth place .
Mike Brown has not played since the final round of the RBS 6 Nations on March 21. The Harlequins full back is still suffering headaches after a week-long holiday in Dubai. Conor O'Shea has revealed his concern at the increasing force of rugby's collisions.
Leeds beat Salford 28-18 in their Super League clash at The Willows. Jamie Peacock scored a try double as Leeds claimed their fifth win in a row. Ash Handley, Rob Burrow and Zak Hardaker also crossed .
Wakefield Wildcats lost 80-0 to Warrington Wolves in the First Utility Super League. The Wildcats are rooted to the foot of the table after eight consecutive defeats. Coach James Webster said he does not have enough players to play .
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-2 in the Manchester derby at Old Trafford. Ashley Young, Marouane Fellaini, Juan Mata and Chris Smalling scored for the Red Devils. Sergio Aguero scored his 100th City goal to give City the lead early on.
Rory McIlroy is looking to complete a career grand slam at the Masters this week. Only five men have won all four of golf's majors in the Masters era. The 25-year-old is heavily favoured to win the coveted green jacket for the first time in his career  .
Diego Costa limped off just 11 minutes after coming on as a substitute in Chelsea's 2-1 win over Stoke on Saturday. The Spain international has been told he will miss just over two weeks with a hamstring injury. CLICK HERE for all the latest Chelsea news.
Jack Nicklaus recorded his first ever hole-in-one at the Masters on Wednesday. Camilo Villegas fired two in the space of five holes but still could not win the traditional par-three contest. Kevin Streelman became the latest player to be saddled with the 'curse'
Tiger Woods was spotted dancing while practising on Monday at Augusta National. The former world No 1 had headphones in both ears as he honed his wedge game. Woods will play in the traditional Masters warm-up, the Par-3 Contest, for the first time in 11 years on Wednesday.
Marc Leishman has withdrawn from this year's Masters to be with his wife. Billy Payne ruled out starting a women's Masters despite talking about growing the game. Camilo Villegas recorded two aces at Augusta National.
Manuel Pellegrini could be out of a job in the summer, and if he is, he will have left little behind. Progress at the Etihad Stadium has in recent years been slight, particularly in relation to money spent. Some City players think he is too nice - a soft touch who does not inspire with words or his substitutions .
Manchester City lost 2-1 to Crystal Palace at the Etihad Stadium on Monday night. Eliaquim Mangala and Yaya Toure were both on the bench for the game. Glenn Murray cost Palace nothing when he joined from Brighton in 2011. Jason Puncheon scored the winner from a finely executed free-kick  .
Barcelona were desperate for defensive reinforcements at the end of last season. Jeremy Mathieu and Thomas Vermaelen signed from Arsenal and Valencia respectively. John Stones signed a new £30,000-a-week five-year deal at Everton.
Everton beat Southampton 1-0 at Goodison Park thanks to Phil Jagielka's fifth goal of the season. James McCarthy believes Ross Barkley is capable of handling the pressure on him. Click here for more Everton news.
Roberto Martinez has come in for criticism for persisting with trying to get his side to play out from the back. Everton manager has rejected claims that he is stubborn in his tactical approach. Martinez insists that his tactics are 'innovative'
Romelu Lukaku signed for Everton from Chelsea for £28million last summer. His new agent Mino Raiola said he would have never sanctioned the move had he been his representative earlier. Roberto Martinez insists he is not worried that Lukaku's new agent will destabilise the player. Everton beat Southampton 1-0 at Goodison Park on Saturday .
Harry Kane has scored 29 goals in 44 games for Tottenham so far this season. Eden Hazard has been Chelsea's outstanding performer, scoring 17 times in 44 matches. Diego Costa has scored 18 goals in 30 games for Chelsea but could be hampered by injury.
Tottenham will travel to Malaysia for a post-season friendly against a Malaysia XI next month. Harry Kane will be part of the travelling party for the match at the Shah Alam Stadium. The 21-year-old striker could miss the Under 21 European Championship in the Czech Republic .
Chelsea beat Stoke 2-1 at Stamford Bridge on Saturday to go seven points clear at the top of the Premier League. Eden Hazard and Loic Remy scored for Jose Mourinho's side. Willian wants his team-mates to stay focused.
Cesc Fabregas reveals nasty-looking gash on his nose after clash with Charlie Adam's arm. Chelsea beat Stoke City 2-1 at Stamford Bridge on Saturday to extend lead at the top of the Premier League to seven points .
Bafetimbi Gomis scored twice in Swansea's 3-1 win over Hull on Saturday. The Frenchman has scored four goals in his last six Premier League games. Charlie Austin is this week's runner up with a Game Index score of 52.2 after scoring and assisting two goals for QPR .
Manchester United beat Aston Villa 3-1 at Old Trafford to move above Manchester City in the Premier League. Louis van Gaal's side lead City by one point ahead of their games against Crystal Palace and United. The Dutchman believes City's players may struggle to get to grips with being in fourth spot .
Manchester United duo Marcos Rojo and Angel di Maria flew out to Portugal on Easter Sunday. Rojo played the full 90 minutes against Aston Villa while Di Maria came on for the last 20 . Manchester United face Manchester City next Sunday.
Manchester United beat Aston Villa 3-1 in their Premier League clash at Old Trafford on Saturday. Ander Herrera opened the scoring for Louis van Gaal's side in the 43rd minute. Wayne Rooney doubled their lead with a stunning half-volley in the 79th minute. Christian Benteke pulled one back for Villa in the 80th minute to make it 2-1 . United move up to third in the table, a point ahead of Manchester City .
Philippe Coutinho says winning the FA Cup would save Liverpool's season. The Reds are seven points adrift of fourth in the Premier League with seven games remaining. Liverpool face Blackburn in their FA Cup quarter-final replay on Wednesday night.
Alan Pardew's Crystal Palace beat Manchester City 2-1 at Selhurst Park on Monday night. It was the 53-year-old's ninth win in South London since leaving Newcastle in December. The Eagles are now in eighth place in the Premier League, five points behind Southampton. Click here for more Premier League news.
Liverpool face Blackburn in the FA Cup quarter-final at Ewood Park on Wednesday. Dejan Lovren has been out of the team recently, but could return against Blackburn. Brendan Rodgers could recall the £20million misfit defender for the game. Click here for more Liverpool news .
Michael Owen believes Raheem Sterling is a better player than Mesut Ozil. The former Liverpool forward made the claim before Brendan Rodgers' men lost 4-1 at the Emirates on Saturday. Owen's opinion drew criticism on social media but the ex-England man has refused to back down .
Bayern Munich beat Borussia Dortmund 1-0 at Signal Iduna Park on Saturday night. Bastian Schweinsteiger limped off with an ankle injury during the game. Midfielder will miss the German Cup quarter-final against Bayer Leverkusen on Wednesday .
Bayern Munich travel to Bayer Leverkusen in the German Cup quarter-final on Wednesday. The Bavarians are the runaway leaders in the Bundesliga and through to the Champions League last eight. Pep Guardiola's side won 1-0 against Borussia Dortmund on Saturday .
Bayern Munich beat Borussia Dortmund 1-0 at Signal Iduna Park on Saturday. Robert Lewandowski scored the winner on his first visit back to the club he left on a free transfer last summer. Click here for more.
Gary Hooper came off the bench to earn Norwich three points against Bolton. Graham Dorrans gave the visitors the lead with a deflected free-kick in the ninth minute. But Adam Le Fondre equalised for the Canaries in the 90th minute.
Derby drew 1-1 with Brentford in their Championship clash at the iPro Stadium. Alex Pritchard put the Bees ahead in the 21st minute with a stunning strike from the edge of the box  .
Wigan drew 2-2 with Fulham at Craven Cottage on Friday night. The Latics may be heading for relegation but they proved they are ready to go down fighting. Gary Caldwell admitted his first taste of management was 'crazy' following Wigan's draw .
Watford captain Troy Deeney has scored 20 goals in the Championship this season. The Hornets are currently third in the table and just one point behind leaders Bournemouth . Watford have won 15 of Slavisa Jokanovic's 27 matches.
Saido Berahino has been linked with a move away from West Brom this summer. The 21-year-old has said he wants to play Champions League football. Tony Pulis has discussed pre-season plans with the England under 21 striker .
Jeremy Peace is open to selling West Brom for £150million as long as a suitable custodian can be found. Tony Pulis is adamant Peace will sell the club to someone who wants to invest heavily. Peace has fielded enquiries from consortia in America, China and Australia.
Leicester travel to West Brom on Saturday six points adrift from the Premier League relegation zone. Foxes boss Nigel Pearson insists his side have no margin for error in their relegation fight. Leicester have won just two points from their last nine league games .
Neymar 'can't understand why he is subbed so much' according to Spanish paper Sport. Neymar has been replaced in 15 of his 34 matches this season. Elsewhere in Spain the attention is focused on the Madrid derby in this week's Champions League.
Mateo Musacchio fractured his fibula and dislocated his left ankle during Villarreal's 1-1 draw at Getafe. Santi Cazorla tweeted support for the defender. The 24-year-old underwent successful surgery hours later.
Manuel Pellegrini says Manchester City's academy players are not ready for the first team. Premier League regulations require clubs to carry at least eight homegrown players. City's current group of home-grown players will be reduced in the summer when Frank Lampard departs from the club .
Tracey Neville will manage England at the netball World Cup in Australia this summer. The 38-year-old has performed impressively as the boss of Manchester Thunder. She won bronze medals at the Commonwealth Games and World Cup. Neville believes she is a natural leader like her twin brothers .
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-2 in the Manchester derby at Old Trafford on Sunday. Louis van Gaal's side are now four points clear at the top of the Premier League table . Gary Neville says United are getting closer to being 'the real deal' after recent wins over Tottenham, Liverpool and now City  .
Kenny Miller fears Rangers' promotion bid could be derailed by rollercoaster run of form. Gers suffered first defeat of new boss Stuart McCall's six-game reign on Thursday night. Light Blues remain behind Easter Road side on goal difference.
England beat South Africa 21-14 in the final of the Sevens World Series event in Tokyo. Phil Burgess, Charlie Hayter and Tom Mitchell scored the tries in the victory. The victory is England's first since February 2013 in Wellington .
Jake Drage sang a children's song for reporters as he left a West Java jail nine months after he was put behind bars. The 23-year-old surfer was jailed after a crash that killed a woman who was riding a motorcycle with her daughter.
Wing's has been recommended in the Mitchelin Guide for the past eight years. Wayne Rooney, Radamel Falcao, Nani, Mario Balotelli, Joe Hart, Gareth Barry and Peter Crouch are regular visitors. Louis van Gaal admits he would avoid Wing's following a defeat. Manchester City stars Toni Duggan and Isobel Christiansen were snapped at Wing's .
Atletico Madrid beat Real Sociedad 2-0 at the Vicente Calderon on Tuesday night. Mikel Gonzalez and Antoine Griezmann scored in the 10th and 10th minutes respectively. David Moyes' side showed uncharacteristic defensive frailties as they conceded two early goals .
Cristiano Ronaldo scored his 300th goal for Real Madrid in 2-0 win at Rayo Vallecano. The 30-year-old becomes only the third player in Madrid's history to achieve the feat. Click here for more Real Madrid news.
Novak Djokovic shouted at his backroom team after he lost the second set of the Miami Open. The Serbian player grabbed a towel from the ball boy who was caught up in the cross fire. Djokovi issued an apology on Facebook .
Arsenal beat Liverpool 3-0 in the Premier League on Saturday to move up to second in the table. Arsene Wenger's side have won seven games in a row in the league so far this season. The Gunners could be installed as title favourites come August .
The 46-year-old works out three times a week with her long-term trainer, Mandy Ingber. Sessions include 20-25 minutes of spinning, followed by 45 minutes of yoga and core work.
The incident occurred at Nottingham train station's multi-storey car park on Saturday, March 14. British Transport Police have released a CCTV image of the man in the hope he will be recognised by members of the public  .
Every one of Africa's 54 member countries will vote for Sepp Blatter in the FIFA presidential election. Issa Hayatou, president of the Confederation of African Football, promised unanimous support. Blatter is seeking a fifth term in office to extend his reign that began in 1998.
Gary Mabbutt, 53, was rushed to hospital after waking up at 1am to find his leg had gone cold in 2013. His diabetes had led to a clogged artery in the limb and doctors warned him it was 'touch and go' on whether the leg would have to be amputated .
Daniel Jones, 33, married her boyfriend Darrel at the Beaumont Estate in Old Windsor on Good Friday. The Take That star stopped by the couple's wedding reception and sung 'A Million Love Songs' as a wedding gift as a gift  .
Andy Murray, 27, and Kim Sears will wed on April 11 at Dunblane Cathedral in Dumblane, Scotland. The tennis star has been friends with James Corden, the Prime Minister and even the Queen for years. Novak Djokovic and Tim Henman are not on the guest list. The couple have decided not to invite any celebrities to the wedding.
Deanna Robinson, of Quinlan, Texas, was 38 weeks pregnant when she says she was struck at least three times at her parents' home. She said deputies and state workers from Child Protective Services were present to remove her 18-month-old son because of allegations of abuse or neglect following a fight between her and her husband. Robinson spent six days in jail after being charged with resisting arrest.
Wood, 39, was pictured hugging Sam, 8, and Charlie, 6, during the second day of practice at the Augusta National Golf Club, Georgia, ahead of his latest attempt at a comeback at The Masters 2015. The 14-time major winner recently dropped out of the world's top 100 rankings for the first time since September 1996 .
Amanda Peake Glover was a devoted youth ministry teacher and choir singer who'd only one month before had completed the Myrtle Beach marathon with her brother. She was rushed by ambulance to a nearby hospital but was soon pronounced dead. She is survived by her husband Benjamin, daughters Hope, Reagan and Caroline.
Cara Lee-Fanus was rushed to St Peter's Hospital in Chertsey, Surrey, but died from a head injury the next day. Doctors discovered bruises all over her body as well as burn marks on her head. Her mother Kirsty Lee, 25, and her ex-boyfriend Alistair Wayne Bowen, 35, charged.
Richie Benaud, 84, was farewelled at a small private funeral in Sydney on Wednesday. His wife, Daphne, kept the details of where and when his funeral service would be held so under wraps. Even immediate family members said they didn't know the location of the service. Prime Minister Tony Abbott made the offer of a state funeral, which Mrs Benaud politely declined  .
Hillary Clinton's 'Everyday Americans' video has been given an 18 rating by Dozhd TV. Opposition network fears it may fall foul of Putin's 'gay propaganda' laws. Video features gay couple Jared Milrad and Nate Johnson, who are planning a summer wedding. Milrad, 31, says it shows how far U.S. social attitudes have changed in recent years .
Real Madrid and Atletico Madrid drew 0-0 in the first leg of their Champions League quarter-final tie. The second leg will take place at the Santiago Bernabeu next week. Atletico goalkeeper Jan Oblak made a big save to deny Gareth Bale in the early minutes .
Real Madrid drew 0-0 with Atletico Madrid at the Vicente Calderon on Tuesday. Jan Oblak made a string of excellent saves to deny Gareth Bale and James Rodriguez. Carlo Ancelotti wants his side to repeat their performance at the Bernabeu next week.
Huddersfield are seven points above the relegation zone with three games remaining in the Championship. Brighton's goal drought continues with a goalless draw at the Amex Stadium. Birmingham's Demarai Gray scores twice to rescue a 2-2 draw against Blackburn .
Kieran Lee scored the only goal of the game in the 75th minute for Sheffield Wednesday. The Owls claimed all three points against Championship play-off hopefuls Brentford with a 1-0 win .
Hall scored with his first touch just moments after coming off the bench for Boston United. His on-off girlfriend Chloe Lewis was watching on at York Street. TOWIE star James 'Arg' Argent was also in the crowd.
Barcelona face Paris Saint-Germain in the Champions League quarter-final first leg on Wednesday. Luis Enrique has played down Neymar's angry reaction to being substituted against Sevilla. The return leg is at the Parc des Princes Stadium .
Rolando Aarons may have played his last game this season after suffering another injury setback. The 19-year-old was in contention to play for the Magpies' Under 21s against Derby on Wednesday. Click here for more Newcastle news .
The 44-year-old, named by locals as Donna Christie, slipped and fell from Hassans Fall lookout at Lithgow on Tuesday afternoon. She was bushwalking with a male friend and her two children, aged 12 and 13, when she dropped her phone. It took two hours for police, paramedics and the Lithgow Volunteer Rescue Squad to rescue her from the cliff face.
Comedian Limmy grins manically as spider crawls out of his mouth onto his chin. The three-inch house spider appears to be completely unharmed by its ordeal in the Glaswegian's mouth  .
Dane Bouris appeared at Waverley Court on Tuesday and pleaded not guilty. He was arrested at his Watsons Bay home on the weekend for allegedly assaulting his girlfriend, Alexandra Dankwa. Bouris, 33, is the son of Wizard Home Loans founder Mark Bouris and an advisor on The Apprentice .
Not being able to sleep, losing your keys, and being stuck in traffic are the top three emergencies Brits find most stressful. Sleepless night is the most stressful thing Brits experience on a daily basis, according to a survey .
Rose Devereux, 49, was left in agony and disfigured after years of alleged incompetent treatment. Pictures show her bottom row of teeth virtually destroyed by terrible gum disease. She now faces a bill of £30,000 to get her smile back.
Sally and Stephen Morley are one of 1,500 couples in Britain who have had babies using EmbryoScope technology. The technology allows medics to record the microscopic miracle of life from fertilisation to the division of cells. It is also helping scientists learn more about the IVF process and how embryos form  .
Chelsea defeated Shakhtar Donetsk 3-2 in the UEFA Youth League final in Switzerland. Izzy Brown scored two goals as the Blues defeated the Ukrainian side to win the trophy. The 18-year-old was named on the bench for Chelsea's game against QPR on Sunday. Click here for all the latest Chelsea news .
The National Bar Association is calling for Officer Clarence Habersham, 37, to be arrested. He was the second officer to arrive at the scene of the death of Walter Scott, 50, and did not report Michael Slager's actions leading up to the shooting. Slager, 33, is thought to have falsified a report on the circumstances that led to Scott's death. He has been fired from the North Charleston police and charged with murder.
Jared Milrad and Nate Johnson, from Chicago, Illinois, were featured walking hand in hand in Clinton's video. Milrad's voice is heard in voiceover saying: 'I’m getting married this summer to someone I really care about'  .
Lauren Hill, 19, was diagnosed with Diffuse Intrinsic Pontine Glioma (DIPG) shortly after her 18th birthday. She passed away at Cincinnati Children's Hospital on Friday morning. LeBron James posted an emotional farewell letter to Lauren via Twitter on Friday, just hours after she passed away. He praised her for the 'leadership', 'courage' and 'strength' she had shown while suffering from the cancer. The Cleveland Cavaliers player signed off the letter: 'Sincerely, LeBron James' The letter has since been retweeted tens of thousands of times, with many calling it 'touching and 'beautiful'
Cleveland fire officials say bricks along the top of the former National City Bank building collapsed and showered down onto the street and sidewalk just after 4 p.m. Monday but no one was injured. Witness Andre DiMarco said the bricks falling sounded like 'the loudest explosion he's ever heard' . The building and minivan were unoccupied at the time of accident.
Raheem Sterling has attracted interest from a number of big clubs this summer. The 20-year-old has rejected a contract worth £100,000-a-week at Liverpool. Click here for more transfer news .
Kevin Wimmer is wanted by Tottenham in a £4.4million deal this summer. The 22-year-old defender has impressed the boss of his national team as well as scouts at White Hart Lane. Wimmer says it would be a 'dream' to join a top club like Spurs and would relish the challenge of English football  .
Inter Milan hope to sign Manchester City midfielder Yaya Toure this summer. Marco Fassone fears City's asking price and Toure's wages could be too much. Inter are also working on new deals for Mauro Icardi and Mateo Kovacic.
N'Golo Kante is attracting interest from a host of Premier League clubs. Arsenal, Newcastle United and Southampton are interested in signing the midfielder. Marseille have been in constant contact with Caen over signing the 24-year-old  .
Raheem Sterling says he is not ready to sign a new £100,000-a-week deal at Liverpool. Paul Scholes has advised Sterling to stay at Liverpool and continue his development. Scholes says Sterling should concentrate on playing every week rather than move to a bigger club.
Jose Luis Gaya is Real Madrid's first choice to fill the left side of their defence next season. The 19-year-old Spaniard is a key player for Valencia, having played 27 league matches this season. Chelsea and Manchester City are both willing to pay the £13 million buyout clause for him.
The 41-year-old star has ditched the proposal for a two-storey basement extension under the garden and glass studio. He wants to focus instead on the inside of the property, which he bought for £17.5million in 2013. Led Zeppelin guitarist Jimmy Page, who lives next door, hired experts to help him rebuff the couple's original plans.
Eric Leeder, 26, was charged with assaulting a police officer an altercation at Rockingham Police Station. The mother of three was arrested on March 25 when she was taken to the station on an outstanding warrant. The incident occurred during a body search, when the woman was naked from the waist down during a strip search.
The child was outside shops with her older sister in Brighton, East Sussex, when the dog attacked her. She suffered a single puncture wound to her upper lip following the incident in Findon Road, Whitehawk, at around 6.30pm on Thursday.
Miracle Godson drowned after jumping into deep waters at East Quarry in Appley Bridge, Lancashire. Friends desperately tried to save him but his lifeless body was found by police divers at about 5pm that day.
Edson Cholbi do Nascimento will be the team's coach in the second division of the Brazilian league. Edinho's dad is Brazilian legend Pele, who won three World Cups in 1958, 1962 and 1970.
Hamburg appoint Bruno Labbadia as their new coach on a 15-month contract. Former European champions are anchored in last place with six matches left in the Bundesliga . Hamburg are the only club with a perfect Bundesliga record .
Hibernian stand to make £1million from anticipated sell-out home gates against Rangers and Motherwell. But play-off sides must hand over 50 per cent of their profits to lower league clubs within seven days under SPFL rules.
Newcastle lost 2-0 to Liverpool at Anfield on Monday night in the Premier League. The Magpies are nine points above the relegation zone with six games to play. John Carver insists his side have 'got six cup finals'
Newcastle signed Siem de Jong for £6million from Ajax in the summer . De Jong has started just one Premier League game since arriving from Ajax . The attacking midfielder suffered a collapsed lung in February. The 26-year-old returned to training earlier this month.
England's Justin Rose will be in the final pair with Jordan Spieth on Sunday. Phil Mickelson and Charley Hoffman will tee off ten minutes earlier at 19.40 (BST) Rory McIlroy is paired with Tiger Woods in final day's most high-profile grouping.
Aljaz Bedene is currently ranked 99 in the world, making him British No 2 behind Andy Murray. Greg Rusedski has backed Bedene's bid to overturn the ITF's ruling that he can't play for Great Britain. Bedene played twice for Slovenia in 2010 and 2011.
Novak Djokovic beat Andy Murray 7-6 4-6 6-0 in the Miami Open final on Sunday. The world No 1 lost his cool at the end of the second set as Murray fought back to win the match. The Serbian grabbed a towel from a ball boy who was caught in the crossfire .
Lewis Hamilton will start on pole for the Chinese Grand Prix ahead of Nico Rosberg and Sebastian Vettel. Hamilton was four-hundredths of a second quicker than his Mercedes team-mate Rosberg in Q3. Vettel will start third with Ferrari's Kimi Raikkonen third. Jenson Button will start 17th and Fernando Alonso 18th on the grid.
Lewis Hamilton claims pole position for Sunday's Chinese Grand Prix at Shanghai International Circuit. Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg will start on the front row after finishing 0.042secs ahead of Sebastian Vettel. Valtteri Bottas was second fastest in the second session, ahead of Felipe Raikkonen and Romain Grosjean. Fernando Alonso will start 18th on the penultimate row .
Daniel Ricciardo has urged his Red Bull team to go back to basics after a troubled start to 2015. The Australian finished third quickest in practice ahead of this weekend's Chinese Grand Prix. He was four tenths of a second adrift of Ferrari's Kimi Raikkonen  .
AP McCoy rode Don Cossack to victory in the Grade One Betfred Melling Chase at Aintree on Friday. McCoy will ride hot favourite Shutthefrontdoor in the Crabbie's Grand National on Saturday. McCoy struck on day one in the Doom Bar Aintrees Hurdle with Jezki .
Ian Bell scored 143 on the first day of the first Test against West Indies in Antigua. Bell was dropped from the side on his last visit to the Caribbean in 2009. The 33-year-old scored his 22nd Test century on Monday .
Jimmy Anderson was given a silver cap by Mike Atherton to mark his 100th Test for England. Both teams paid respects to Richie Benaud before the start of play after he died last week. West Indies' best batsman Chris Gayle chose to play in the IPL rather than for his country  .
Jonathan Trott last played a Test for England in November 2013. The Warwickshire batsman was dismissed for a duck against the West Indies in Antigua. Trott had been preferred to Yorkshire's Adam Lyth, still to make his England debut.
Gary Neville, Phil Neville and Paul Scholes join Manchester Thunder netball team to promote the Superleague semi-finals. The Thunder are coached by Gary and Phil's sister Tracey Neville, who will take over as England coach.
Jonathan Brownlee won the Gold Coast Triathlon in Australia on Saturday. The 24-year-old has won consecutive races in the ITU World Series. Brownlee saw off Mario Mola by 19 seconds with a winning time of 1:46:53.
Roberto Martinez will hold talks with Kevin Mirallas over his future at the end of the season. Everton boss admits he wants to keep loanee Aaron Lennon. Mirallas has made no secret of his ambition to play in the Champions League.
Sunderland beat Newcastle United 1-0 at the Stadium of Light last weekend. The result moved the Black Cats three points clear of the relegation zone. Costel Pantilimon admits there has been a definite mood change under Dick Advocaat under the new manager  .
Celtic were held to a 1-1 draw by Inverness Caley Thistle in the Scottish Cup semi-final on Saturday. Leigh Griffiths opened the scoring for Ronny Deila's side in the third minute. Edward Ofere equalised for the home side .
Celtic drew 1-1 with Inverness Caledonian Thistle in the Scottish Premiership on Saturday. Leigh Griffiths opened the scoring for the champions in the third minute. Edward Ofere equalised for the Highlanders from close range a minute later .
Celtic midfielder Stuart Armstrong has backed under-fire Dundee United boss Jackie McNamara. McNamara has faced a furious fan backlash in the past week amid a woeful run of results. United lost 3-1 to Dundee on Wednesday night .
Rangers beat Raith Rovers 4-0 to bounce back to winning ways after defeat by Queen of the South. Stuart McCall's side travel to Livingston on Wednesday night in the Scottish Championship. Rangers are currently second in the table.
Rangers beat Raith Rovers 4-0 at Ibrox on Sunday afternoon. Nicky Clark and Haris Vuckic scored a goal apiece and Nicky Law grabbed a double. The win means Rangers and Hibs remain level on 61 points, albeit Hibs have better goal difference.
Moussa Sissoko was sent off for two bookings in Newcastle's 2-0 defeat at Liverpool on Monday night. Newcastle manager John Carver labelled the tackle as 'indefensible' The Magpies have lost their last five Premier League games in succession.
Liverpool beat Newcastle United 2-0 in the Premier League on Monday night. Jordan Henderson believes his side can catch Manchester City in the title race. Manchester City have been faltering and lost 4-2 at Manchester United, Liverpool are four points behind them .
David Ospina has won 11 of his 12 Premier League games since displacing Wojciech Szczesny as Arsenal No 1. The Colombia international has the highest win ratio of any player to have made at least 10 appearances. Gerard Pique, Asier del Horno, Arjen Robben and James Wilson are the other players in the top 10 .
Harry Redknapp branded the situation at QPR a ‘soap opera’ and accused ‘people with their agendas’ of working against him. Sandro has defended former manager, saying he is not at fault for QPR’s predicament near the foot of the Premier League table .
Chelsea beat Shakhtar Donetsk 3-2 in the UEFA Youth League final in Nyon. Dominic Solanke and Izzy Brown scored twice as the Blues won the tournament for the second year in a row. Chelsea are the defending Under 21 Premier League champions and the holders of the FA Youth Cup .
Chelsea will play Shakhtar Donetsk in the final of the UEFA Youth League on Monday. Adi Viveash's side beat Roma 4-0 in the semi-finals in Nyon, Switzerland on Friday. The final will kick-off at 3pm UK time on British Eurosport .
Paul Downton has left his role as managing director of England and Wales Cricket Board. Alastair Cook was sacked as one-day captain three weeks before the disastrous World Cup campaign. Kevin Pietersen.
Michael Vaughan has re-affirmed his interest in taking on the role of director of England cricket. Paul Downton lost his job as the England and Wales Cricket Board's managing director of cricket .
Paul Downton has left his role as managing director of the England and Wales Cricket Board. The move came a day ahead of an ECB board meeting that was meant to discuss the future of Downt on. The ECB are to create a new role of ‘director of England Cricket’ ahead of the Ashes series.
Team Sky's focus on the Grand Tours has left them short of riders equipped to win classics. Ian Stannard and Geraint Thomas give Team Sky two in-house contenders, while Bradley Wiggins raised eyebrows with his ninth-placed finish in Paris-Roubaix last year. Luke Rowe could also be another British option .
Jordan Spieth held a two-shot lead after seven holes of the final round at Augusta last year. The 21-year-old threw away the lead to finish joint second to Bubba Watson. Spieth believes he is better equipped to win the first major of the year .
Rory McIlroy, Ian Poulter, Graeme McDowell and Justin Rose give the lowdown on every hole at the Augusta National Golf Club. Past Masters champions Nick Faldo and Charl Schwartzel also give their thoughts on the course  .
Rory McIlroy will tee off alongside Phil Mickelson and Ryan Moore at Augusta National on Thursday. Tiger Woods returns to action for the first time since February alongside Jamie Donaldson and Jimmy Walker. The Northern Irishman will be joined over the first two rounds by three-time Masters champion Mickel.
Rory McIlroy and Tiger Woods endured rainy spells during practice on Tuesday. Cold front coming over Georgia is likely to bring more stormy weather and strong winds. Temperatures are expected to reach 90F on the first day of play at Augusta National .
Brook Lopez scored 32 points and nine rebounds as the Brooklyn Nets beat the Portland Trail Blazers. The game was postponed by bad weather on January 26 due to bad weather. The Nets close in on a play-off place in the Eastern Conference .
Dikembe Mutombo was elected to the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame on Monday. Mutombo played in the NBA from 1991 until 2009, recording 11,729 points, 12,359 rebounds, and 3,289 blocks in 18 seasons .
San Antonio Spurs defeated Golden State Warriors 107-92 on Sunday. Kawhi Leonard scored 26 points and set a new career-high with seven steals. Spurs ended the Warriors' 12-game winning streak while extending their own to seven straight. Houston overcame Russell Westbrook's 11th triple-double of the season to beat Oklahoma City 115-112 .
Al Horford and DeMarre Carroll score 20 points each to help the Atlanta Hawks beat the Brooklyn Nets 131-99. Paul Millsap left the game early after picking up a shoulder injury. Detroit Pistons rally to beat the Miami Heat 99-98 in overtime.
Gary Neville says Manchester City have a 'mentality problem' which prevents them from winning back-to-back titles. The former Manchester United and England defender saw City lose 2-1 to Crystal Palace to leave them in fourth - nine points behind Chelsea.
Chelsea beat QPR 1-0 at Loftus Road to move seven points clear at the top of the Premier League. Cesc Fabregas scored the only goal of the game in the 88th minute to secure the win. Blues boss Jose Mourinho hailed the win as 'vital'
Jolyon Palmer will drive in every Friday practice session for Lotus this season. The 24-year-old is determined to prove himself worthy of a place in Formula One next year. Click here for more Formula One news.
Atletico Madrid face Real Madrid in the Champions League quarter-final on Tuesday. Atletico have not been beaten by Cristiano Ronaldo and Co in six matches since the 2014 final. Fernando Torres has scored four goals since returning to his former club. CLICK HERE for all the latest Atletico Madrid news.
Real Madrid face Atletico Madrid in the Champions League quarter-final first leg on Tuesday night. The reigning champions have failed to beat their local rivals in six attempts this season. Marcelo says they are not thinking about their recent form against Atletico. CLICK HERE for all the latest Real Madrid news.
Roberto Carlos is targeting becoming the manager of Brazil one day. The former Real Madrid defender won the 2002 World Cup as a player with Brazil. Carlos has worked on the sidelines in Turkey with Sivasspor .
Sergio Aguero opened the scoring for the Northern All-Stars after less than a minute. But Alexis Sanchez and Harry Kane scored twice in the second half to secure victory for the Southerners. Arsenal's Sanchez is the stand-out in Football Manager's player ratings with 6.1 in our simulated match.
Barcelona face PSG in the Champions League quarter-final first-leg on Wednesday. The first leg of the tie will take place at the Parc des Princes in Paris . Adriano warned his team-mates they must be at their absolute best if they are to overcome PSG's star-studded squad.
Thiago Silva says Luis Suarez, Lionel Messi and Neymar are the best three players in the world. Barcelona beat PSG at the Parc des Princes in the group stages of the Champions League earlier this year. PSG won the French League Cup on Saturday .
Real Madrid face Atletico Madrid in the Champions League quarter-final first leg on Tuesday night. Carlo Ancelotti's side are yet to win a single game in six Madrid derbies this season . Atletico are unbeaten in six derbies and have beaten Real twice in the league and in the Copa del Rey.
Chelsea are in talks with Belgian side Royal Mouscron-Peruwelz over a possible partnership. The Blues are looking for alternatives to Vitesse Arnhem after Lille cut their ties with the club. Chelsea are also aware that non-EU regulations are more lenient.
Paris Saint-Germain face Barcelona in the Champions League on Wednesday night. Lucas Moura says he is 'obsessed' with the way Lionel Messi plays football. Click here for all the latest PSG news.
Paris Saint-Germain beat Bastia 4-0 to retain the French League Cup. Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Edinson Cavani both scored twice as PSG won their first trophy of the season. Ibrahimovic opened the scoring from the penalty spot after Sebastien Squillaci was sent off.
Medhi Benatia could miss both legs of Bayern Munich's Champions League quarter-final against Porto. Midfielder suffered a muscle injury against Bayer Leverkusen on Wednesday. Bayern travel to Porto next week .
Fikile Mbalula met with the chairman of the ethics committee's investigatory chamber in Zurich this week. FIFA said in 2011 it had strong suspicions that some of the South African national team's warm-up games were fixed.
A Rajasthan Royals player was offered money to influence a game last month. The player immediately reported the incident to the Indian cricket board's anti-corruption unit. The team praised the player's 'honesty and uprightness' .
Nikola Karabatic will stand trial for fraud over suspected involvement in illegal betting case. French handball star has been accused of match fixing along with 15 others . The former Montpellier ace was briefly detained when the case emerged and now plays for Barcelona .
Stuart McCall insists he's loving life at Rangers despite losing to Queen of the South. Former Motherwell boss admits he was wowed by Murray Park in the days after he replaced Kenny McDowall. Gers lost 3-0 to the South at Ibrox on Thursday  .
Stuart McCall has spoken to Tunisian defender Bilel Mohsni about his discipline . Rangers lost 3-0 to Queen of the South in the Scottish Championship on Thursday . The Ibrox side host Raith on Sunday .
Stuart McCall suffered his first defeat of his six-game reign as Rangers manager. Derek Lyle and Gavin Reilly scored for Queen of the South at Palmerston Park. Lewis Kidd scored an own goal to double the hosts' lead at the start of the second half. Rangers remain third behind Hibs on goal difference, albeit with a game in hand .
Edinburgh face Newport Gwent Dragons in European Challenge Cup semi-final at BT Murrayfield. Tim Visser signed a two-year deal with Harlequins earlier this month. Edinburgh winger hopes to lift European silverware at Twickenham.
Al Kellock will retire at the end of the season and take up a new role with the SRU. Kellock amassed 56 international caps and made over 200 appearances for Glasgow and Edinburgh.
Kerry Hamilton, 34, had stomach cramps, bleeding and irregular periods for two years. She was finally diagnosed with leiomyosarcoma, a rare cancer of the soft tissue normally found in women over 50. At just 34, she was forced to undergo a hysterectomy and was devastated at the thought of not being able to have children due to cancer.
Riff lets you film videos and upload them to Facebook and the app. Friends and strangers can then film relevant clips and attach them to the end of your video. Each video has a counter that shows how many clips are attached and how many people have viewed it .
Bristol City striker Aaron Wilbraham scored the only goal of the game in the 63rd minute . Jermaine Beckford gave Preston the lead just before half-time at Deepdale . Swindon's win over Peterborough means Steve Cotterill's side are now third in Championship.
American Airlines is targeting a younger demographic with the introduction of their new 'indie' cabin playlists. New music was first piped into the cabin a few months ago and has quickly become a hit with passengers. Many have taken to Twitter to approve.
Manchester United are monitoring Edinson Cavani's situation at Paris Saint-Germain. The Uruguayan striker's agent Claudio Anelucci admits a move to England is a possibility. Juventus and Inter Milan are also interested in Cavani.
Gregory van der Wiel says he's not interested in leaving Paris Saint-Germain in the summer. The full back had a falling out with Laurent Blanc after he was dropped against Chelsea. Click here for more PSG news .
Nasr Bitar spotted the car on the streets of Mississauga, Canada, last autumn. He followed it in his own vehicle and parked to get the perfect 'selfie' He then uploaded the picture to Instagram, where it has gone viral.
Jordon Ibe posted a video on Instagram of him performing the Michael Jackson 'moonwalk' The 19-year-old is recovering from a knee injury but is expected to return in the next few weeks. Click here for more Liverpool news.
Liverpool have lost ground in the race for the Champions League places this season. Brendan Rodgers says recent defeats are down to his players' own failings. The Reds host Blackburn in their FA Cup quarter-final replay on Wednesday. Click here for more Liverpool news .
England bowled St Kitts Invitational XI out for 59 on the first day of their two-day tour match. Alastair Cook and Ian Bell retired out before England declared with a mammoth 320-run lead. James Tredwell outperformed Adil Rashid in the contest to be England's Test spinner.
Bayern Munich beat Borussia Dortmund 2-0 at the Signal Iduna Park on Saturday. Pep Guardiola's side have restored their lead at the top of the Bundesliga back to 10 points. CLICK HERE for all the latest Bayern news.
Samir Nasri dined out in London with girlfriend Anara Atanes on Tuesday night. Manchester City lost 2-1 to Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park on Monday night. Manuel Pellegrini's side are nine points behind Premier League leaders.
LeBron James posted an image of himself not especially pleased with the buzzing of drills at the dentist. The Cleveland Cavaliers superstar said it's the sort of thing NBA stars should expect at this stage of the season. LeBron delivered his first triple-double for Cavs as they beat the Bulls for their 50th win of season.
Kevin Davies tweeted a picture of his cut right hand after chainsawing on Tuesday. The Preston North End striker injured his left hand during the FA Cup fifth round replay defeat to Manchester United. Click here for more Preston news.
Ander Herrera says he wears his forename and surname on the back of his shirt for superstitious reasons. The Manchester United midfielder joined the Red Devils for £29million last summer. Herrera reached the Copa del Rey and Europa League finals at Athletic Bilbao in 2011-12.
Danny Welbeck arrived at the Manchester Arena on Monday night to watch Nicki Minaj perform. Liverpool full back Jose Enrique was also in attendance along with team-mates Alberto Moreno and Mamadou Sakho. Arsenal thrashed Liverpool 4-1 at the Emirates.
Manchester United defender Marcos Rojo has been on holiday with family and friends in Portugal. Rojo went away during a week off for his club side after 3-1 win over Aston Villa on Saturday. Fitness instructor Sarah Watson claims Rojo and his advisors tried to frame her for blackmail after she enjoyed a brief liaison with him.
Jack Wilshere played 90 minutes for Arsenal's Under 21 side against Stoke City on Tuesday night. Midfielder has been out of action since November after injuring his ankle against Manchester United. England international is targeting FA Cup semi-final against Reading .
The California Department of Corrections has set up several Sensitive Needs Housing Units to protect former gang members from gangs. The units provide a safer environment, free from gang activity, and the transition out of gang membership is dramatic. Inmates of different races and gang affiliations mix during their daily exercise and in the cafeteria during lunch in stark contrast to segregation  .
Roy Keane will stand trial in June over alleged road-rage incident with taxi driver. Former Manchester United captain accused of causing harassment, alarm or distress to cabbie Fateh Kerar. Keane will face trial at Manchester Magistrates' Court on June 19.
Liverpool have lost ground in the race for the Champions League places and will find it hard to recover . Brendan Rodgers set his side the objective of winning a trophy and finishing inside the top four . The FA Cup final would be a great boost for the club with lots of young players coming in .
Carlos Colina, 32, is being held on $1 million bail after pleading not guilty to aggravated assault and battery and improper disposal of a human body in Cambridge, Massachusetts on Monday. The remains of Jonathan Camilien, 26, including a torso and limbs, were found in a duffel bag near the campus of Massachusetts Institute of Technology on Saturday. His head was found in Colina's apartment building across the street. Colina previously worked out at the Cambridge Athletic Club but was kicked out in November.
South Korean defender Kim Min Hyeok allegedly stamped on Mu Kanazaki's face during a J-League match. The 23-year-old was only shown a yellow card and allowed to play on. Some Japanese fans have demanded the expulsion of all South Korean players.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals as Real Madrid thrashed Granada 9-1 on Sunday. The World Player of the Year took to Twitter to encourage fans to get in shape. Click here for more Real Madrid news.
Christian Benteke scored a hat-trick as Aston Villa drew 3-3 with QPR on Monday night. The Belgium striker's treble was his first in two years for the Premier League side. Manager Tim Sherwood said he can fire Villa to Premier League safety  .
Ruby Walsh appears to jump his horse over a speeding car in latest Paddy Power advert. The two-time Grand National winner is riding Ballycasey in Saturday's Grand National at Aintree. Bookmaker claims Walsh jumped straight over the car, which was said to be travelling at 40mph, and landed on horse .
Gary Mabbutt was rushed to hospital after waking up at 1am to find his leg had gone cold in 2013. His diabetes had led to a clogged artery in the limb and doctors warned him it was 'touch and go' on whether it would have to be amputated.
Chelsea beat Stoke City 2-1 in their Premier League clash on Saturday. Cesc Fabregas was left bloodied after being caught in the face by Charlie Adam's flailing arm. Click here for more Chelsea news.
Arsenal have exactly the same record as they did at this stage last season. The Gunners were reeling after a 6-0 defeat by Chelsea last season and had 63 points from 31 games. Arsene Wenger's side are now flying in the league and beat Liverpool 4-1 on Saturday. The only stat differentiating the two tables is Arsenal's favourable goal difference in the Premier League this season .
Jack Wilshere has been linked with a £30m move to Manchester City this summer. The Arsenal midfielder has not played for the first team since injuring his ankle against Manchester United in November. The 23-year-old would not be a game changer for the Premier League champions.
Rio Ferdinand has played just five times since the start of the season for Queens Park Rangers. The 36-year-old started the first seven games of QPR's Premier League campaign before being dropped. Harry Redknapp described Ferdinand's signing as a 'remarkable coup' for the club. But Ferdinand has largely spent the season on the bench at Loftus Road.
QPR's Matt Phillips now has seven assists in 2015 - the second highest tally in Europe's top five leagues. The Hoops winger set up two goals in their 3-3 draw with Aston Villa on Tuesday night. Phillips is second in the list of top assist makers behind Barcelona's Lionel Messi. Wolfsburg's Kevin de Bruyne has 17 assists in the Bundesliga.
Matt Phillips headed Queens Park Rangers into a seventh-minute lead at Villa Park . Christian Benteke equalised for Aston Villa just three minutes later with a superb free-kick . Chint Hill put QPR ahead with his first Premier League goal for the club in the 55th minute . Charlie Austin scored his first goal for QPR in the 78th minute to make it 2-2 . BenteKE completed his hat-trick in the 83th minute with a stunning free- kick  .
Alex Iwobi scored a hat-trick as Arsenal beat Stoke City 4-1 in U21 Premier League. Jack Wilshere completed 90 minutes after recovering from serious ankle injury. Mikel Arteta and Abou Diaby also played .
Crystal Palace beat Manchester City 2-1 at Selhurst Park on Saturday. Co-chairman Steve Parish posed for a picture with Roy Hodgson and Bill Wyman. Wyman is one of the original members of The Rolling Stones .
Didier Drogba spotted taking a stroll through London on Tuesday afternoon. Chelsea striker was spotted talking on his mobile phone in the sunshine. Chelsea beat Stoke 2-1 on Saturday to extend their lead at the top of the Premier League .
Franck Ribery says his relationship with Louis van Gaal was 'poisoned' at Bayern Munich. Van Gaal won the league and cup double in his first season in charge of Bayern Munich in 2009/10. The Dutchman is currently the Manchester United manager .
Tim Sherwood went from despair to ecstasy and back again as Aston Villa drew 3-3 with QPR on Tuesday night. Aston Villa boss Sherwood's rollercoaster evening saw his side go behind twice before claiming a point. Christian Benteke completed his hat-trick with seven minutes to go as Villa have six more games to achieve Premier League survival  .
Reigning Masters champion Bubba Watson admits he must 'improve as a man' after being named most unpopular player on PGA Tour. ESPN.com survey of 103 tour professionals anonymously answered questions on range of topics. Watson got double the number of responses (22.6%) of Patrick Reed.
Aston Villa drew 3-3 with Queens Park Rangers at Villa Park on Tuesday night. Tim Sherwood and Chris Ramsey went head-to-head for 90 minutes of top-flight football. There was adrenaline, action, twists and turns as the pair went head to head. CLICK HERE for all the latest Aston Villa news.
Leeds Rhinos have sent full back Zak Hardaker on an anger management course. Hardaker was at the centre of a police assault probe into an attack on a 22-year-old man at student flats. He was not charged with any offence.
Jenson Button believes McLaren have rivals in their sights ahead of this weekend's Chinese Grand Prix. Button and team-mate Fernando Alonso retired during the Malaysian Grand Prix last month. British driver hopes further steps have been taken going into Shanghai .
Aston Villa beat QPR 3-2 at Villa Park on Tuesday night in the Premier League. Christian Benteke scored a hat-trick to rescue a point for the home side. Stan Collymore watched from the press box as his boyhood club fought back from 2-1 down. Click here for all the latest Aston Villa news .
The image was taken at Sebastian Inlet State Park near Vero Beach, Florida. John Bailey said the bobcat collected the shark after entering the water . Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission said the image is genuine.
Manchester City travel to Old Trafford to face Manchester United on Sunday afternoon. The derby is now one of the biggest match-ups in world football. Louis van Gaal and Manuel Pellegrini are both keen to immerse themselves in local culture. Sportsmail looks at everything local between the two giants ahead of the derby  .
Liverpool face Blackburn in the FA Cup quarter-final at Ewood Park on Wednesday night. The FA Cup represents Liverpool's last chance of silverware after a disappointing season. Brendan Rodgers' side have not won a trophy since they beat Cardiff in 2012. The need for trophies has been a dominant theme since Rodgers took over.
Wisden editor Lawrence Booth has launched a stinging attack on English cricket . England lost eight full series out of all across the formats in 2014 . Peter Moores presided over a disastrous World Cup but was labelled 'outstanding coach of his generation' Alastair Cook was sacked as one-day captain .
Youssouf Mulumbu has cast his vote for the PFA Player of the Year award. The West Brom midfielder has picked Tottenham striker Harry Kane for the top prize. The DR Congo international has also picked Chelsea wideman Eden Hazard for the young player of the year award   .
Monaco midfielder Geoffrey Kondogbia is a target for Liverpool and Arsenal. The 22-year-old has played for Lens, Monaco, Sevilla and Sevilla. He was a key player for France at the Under 20 World Cup with Paul Pogba in 2013. Arsenal have also been linked with the midfielder in recent years  .
Tyrone Mings posted a text message conversation between him and his mother on his Instagram account. His mother thanked him for wiping 'all my debt away for the first time ever in my life' Mings has been linked with a move to Arsenal .
Manchester United have agreed to a short pre-season tour of America in July. Louis van Gaal believes his side will hit the ground running in their bid to win the Premier League. United have turned down offers from Asia and Australia and are about to sign off a visit to America. The trip will last in the region of 12 days - a week shorter than last summer.
Aston Villa striker Christian Benteke scored a hat-trick against QPR on Tuesday night. The 24-year-old's treble accounted for the 46th, 47th and 48th goals scored by Belgium this season. Belgium are now third most prolific nation.
Stuart Broad limps out of England's warm-up match in Saint Kitts after slipping over during his delivery. Broad had complained about the state of the crease, which was damp after overnight rain. Broad was able to walk off himself and after ice treatment should return to the action shortly afterwards  .
Manchester United have signed a £750million kit deal with adidas for the 2015-16 season. Supposed images of the club's home, away and third strips for next season have been leaked online. Images suggest that United's away kit will be white, with the third strip black  .
Pep Guardiola is set to enter into contract negotiations with Bayern Munich at the end of the season. Board member Jan-Christian Dreesen says Guardiola is not trying to earn as much money as possible. Bayern are currently 10 points clear at the top of the Bundesliga  .
Everton defender Phil Jagielka took part in a cookery lesson to celebrate the Thai festival of Songkran. The Toffees have been sponsored by Thai beverage Chang Beer for over 11 years. Everton face Swansea at the Liberty Stadium on Saturday in the Premier League.
Harry Dowd played 181 games in nine years at Manchester City. He was part of the side who beat Leicester City 1-0 in the 1969 FA Cup final. Dowd was succeeded at City by Joe Corrigan.
Robin van Persie has missed Manchester United's last six games with an ankle injury. Louis van Gaal said last week he did not expect the striker to be fit enough to return. Van Persie tweeted he was 'happy to be back to training with the group'
FC Chernomorets Odessa are struggling financially due to a lack of funding and sponsorship. Ukrainian Premier League club could face relegation and UEFA disqualification. Club's general manager says the houses are valued at around £67,000 each .
Ander Herrera and Juan Mata have been in scintillating form in recent games for Manchester United. The pair have both bagged braces in the last two victories for Louis van Gaal's side. Mata was the two-goal hero during United's 2-1 win against Liverpool in May with a stunning volley .
Unidentified restaurant owner attacked by would-be rapist in Shandong, China. She let him into the eatery when he knocked on the door and asked to use the toilet. She used her martial arts skills to overpower.
Cesc Fabregas suffered the break during Chelsea's win over Stoke City on Saturday. Spaniard travelled to Milan to see specialist who produced masks for Fernando Torres, Petr Cech and Demba Ba. The mask was made by the Ortholabsport, an orthopedic centre in Milan.
Vincent Kompany and Gael Clichy helped youngsters add the finishing touches to the mural. The 64metre design covers the south edge of the Premier League champion's Academy Stadium. It took four weeks to complete.
Newcastle fans plan to boycott the club's next home game against Tottenham on April 19. Fans will take part in demos before and after the game at St James' Park. Click here for more Newcastle news.
Senad Lulic scores late winner as Lazio beat Napoli 1-0 in Coppa Italia semi-final. Holders Napoli go out after drawing 1-1 away in the first leg of the semi-finals . Lazio will face Juventus in the final on Sunday .
Paul Downton has been sacked as managing director of the England and Wales Cricket Board. Michael Vaughan has thrown his hat in the ring to replace the sacked former England wicketkeeper. Andrew Strauss is also thought to be a contender for the new role of director of England cricket at the ECB.
Ernest Goult, 72, is accused of making the gesture at a Middlesbrough home game against Blackburn in November. Blackburn players Markus Olsson, Rudy Gestede and Lee Williamson are expected to give evidence at the trial at Teesside court.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored the 300th goal of his Real Madrid career against Rayo Vallecano on Wednesday night. The Portugal forward joined the 300 club in just 288 appearances with a header in the 68th minute. He became the third player in the club's history to reach the landmark alongside Alfredo Di Stefano and Raul. Real Madrid remain four points behind Barcelona in La Liga table .
Liverpool beat Blackburn 1-0 in FA Cup quarter-final replay at Ewood Park. Philippe Coutinho's second-half strike gave Brendan Rodgers' side the lead with 20 minutes to play . Simon Eastwood had a last-gasp strike saved by Simon Mignolet to force extra-time  .
Steven Gerrard could feature in the FA Cup final at Wembley on his 35th birthday. Gerrard was suspended for the quarter-final replay against Blackburn Rovers. Philippe Coutinho came to the rescue for Liverpool by scoring the game's only goal at Ewood Park .
Liverpool beat Blackburn Rovers 1-0 in FA Cup sixth round replay at Ewood Park. Philippe Coutinho scored winner after 161 minutes to send Reds through to semi-final. Simon Mignolet recovered well from his Emirates horror show to deny Ben Marshall in second half. Simon Eastwood denied in stoppage time for Blackburn  .
Jack Nicklaus hit a hole in one on the fourth during the Par-3 Contest at Augusta National. The Golden Bear was playing alongside Gary Player and Ben Crenshaw. Camilo Villegas recorded five hole-in-ones.
Philippe Coutinho scored the only goal of the game as Liverpool beat Blackburn Rovers 1-0 at Ewood Park. Jordan Henderson had not slept the night before the game after his partner gave birth to their second daughter. Liverpool face Aston Villa at Wembley on Sunday.
Luis Suarez was clearly Liverpool's player of the season last season after scoring 31 goals. Steven Gerrard, Daniel Sturridge, Philippe Coutinho and Raheem Sterling also played well. Jordan Henderson and Martin Skrtel also impressed but there is no obvious candidate. Click here for all the latest Liverpool news .
Mamadou Sakho limped off in Liverpool's 1-0 FA Cup sixth round replay win over Blackburn Rovers. The Frenchman was replaced by Kolo Toure after 28 minutes at Ewood Park. Emre Can and Martin Skrtel unavailable.
Hector Bellerin scored a brilliant goal to put Arsenal ahead against Liverpool last weekend. The Spaniard has impressed in the absence of Mathieu Debuchy at right back this season. He beat Theo Walcott's 40 metre club sprint record by a hundredth of a second .
Cristiano Ronaldo appeared to be unfairly cautioned by referee Mario Melero Lopez. The decision means Ronaldo is suspended for the game against Eibar in La Liga on Saturday. Carlo Ancelotti wants the yellow card rescinded.
Celtic retained their seven-point lead at the top of the Scottish Premiership with an easy 2-0 win over Partick Thistle . Kris Commons scored a 45th minute penalty to give the Hoops the lead at Parkhead . Stefan Johansen doubled Celtic's advantage in the 63rd minute with a left-footed shot into the bottom corner. Aberdeen beat Inverness 1-0.
Thiago Alcantara scored the winning penalty as Bayern Munich edged out Bayer Leverkusen in the German Cup quarter-final. The Spaniard challenged for the ball but followed through with a nasty kick into Stefan Kiessling's chest. Thiago's kick went unpunished and he later helped his side through to the semi-finals. Manuel Neuer saved Josip Drmic from the spot as the game went to penalties after 0-0 draw .
Manchester City beat Leicester City 5-1 on aggregate to reach the Youth Cup final. Isaac Buckley and Brandon Barker scored late goals to seal victory at the King Power Stadium. Layton Ndukwu had given Leicester hope of clawing back the lead with 20 minutes to go .
Troy University students Delonte' Martistee, 22, of Georgia and Ryan Austin Calhoun, 23, of Alabama were charged on Friday with sexual battery by multiple perpetrators relating to the incident that occurred between March 10-12. The alleged victim told deputies she thought she had been drugged before the incident and that she was afraid to report it because she could not remember many details. Hundreds of people walked past but did not stop the attack on Panama City Beach, Florida, in broad daylight during a Spring Break party.
Nina Moric, 38, appeared in the video for Ricky Martin's hit song La Vida Loco. Italian media claimed she tried to take her own life and was found by her mother on Saturday night. The model posted photographs of heavy bruising on her arms on her Instagram account  .
Burnell 'Bernie' Mitchell arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to murder and terrorism offences. The 61-year-old founded An Noor Mosque where Syrian-born imam Abdul Hadi Arwani used to preach . He was arrested on Wednesday night and is also being questioned over terrorism offences . His sister is Liz Mitchell who fronted the 1970s band Boney M and fronted Rasputin and Daddy Cool . Mr Mitchell's home was searched at the same time as mosque where he founded it . Police are investigating the death of Mr ArWani, 48, who was found dead in his car last week .
Storm Prediction Center upgraded to its second-highest advisory level - a moderate risk - while stressing that a significant tornado or two could form in a narrow stretch from northern Oklahoma to central Missouri. Strong storms swamped Indianapolis, Cincinnati and Charleston, West Virginia, at midday Wednesday and forecasters said more severe weather could form as far away as West Texas.
The banyan tree in Guangxi province does not stand on a single trunk, but a whole web of roots. The web is so flimsy that the entire tree sways in the wind due to its flimsy structure.
Fabio Capello insists John Terry should never have been stripped of the England captaincy. Terry was accused of racially abusing Anton Ferdinand during a match against QPR in October 2011. The Chelsea defender was cleared in court of abusing Ferdinand but was banned and fined by the FA .
Alain Robert climbed Dubai's 1,007ft Cayan Tower with nothing more than sticky tape and chalk. The 52-year-old free-climber took an hour and a half to scale the high-rise building in the United Arab Emirates.
Author Martin Fletcher has revealed a series of other blazes at businesses owned by or associated with Stafford Heginbotham. He was chairman of Bradford City at the time of the tragedy in 1985. Official inquiry concluded that the fire was an accident, probably caused by a spectator dropping a cigarette. Sir Oliver Popplewell, who led the inquiry, has dismissed the claims as 'nonsense' He also rejected claims his inquiry was held too quickly.
Spanish police have killed a man in his 70s who barricaded himself into his home after shooting his daughter's boyfriend and a police officer. He shot at the officers who raided the home in the north-eastern city of Zaragoza and seriously wounded one before they shot him dead.
The 100 tonne crane barge is being used to dredge the River Avon in Bath to remove abandoned items from the riverbed. The Canal and River Trust in Bath have so far removed 150 trolleys and six vehicles from the water . The clean-up operation is costing £20,000 and was ordered by the Environment Agency after a recent river survey .
Ri Sol-Ju seen clapping next to husband Kim Jong-un during a football match on Monday. The match was being held as part of a series of events celebrating the 103rd birthday of Kim Il-Sung, the young leader's grandfather, which falls on Wednesday.
Andrew Odell said it was the first and last time he was going to shop at the supermarket in Milton Keynes. He tweeted that his heavily pregnant wife Claire was 'extremely upset' about the incident. Aldi has said it is investigating the grim discovery .
Hilarious moment took place at the Hengdaohezi Siberian Tiger Park in Northeast China. The tiger slipped on the icy surface and lost its footing .
Jordan Morris and Juan Agudelo scored as USA beat Mexico 2-0 in San Antonio, Texas. Morris is the first university student to be picked by USA in two decades . The 20-year-old pounced on a ball that ricocheted off.
Bob Shannon helped prepare Hatton for his comeback fight against Vyacheslav Senchenko in November 2012. Manchester-based trainer's stable includes Hatton's brother, Matthew, the European welterweight champion. He has been charged with sexual assault on an underage girl.
Luke Shaw says Ashley Young is the biggest joker in the Manchester United dressing room. He says the players still laugh at the time Young got bird poo in his mouth during a match against Swansea. Shaw says David de Gea is the 'nicest guy in football' and always approachable. Louis van Gaal's stern demeanour is not limited to the pitch .
Newcastle United have dumped pictures of Sir Bobby Robson's title-chasing team in a skip outside St James' Park. The pictures were removed from corporate boxes inside the stadium and replaced by more recent images. Fans are planning a boycott of Sunday's home match with Spurs .
Jurgen Klopp has announced he is to leave Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season. Mats Hummels has been linked with a move to Manchester United this summer. Ilkay Gundogan, Ciro Immobile and Neven Subotic are other players who could follow Klopp out .
Andre Ayew is out of contract at Marseille in the summer and is a free agent. The Ghana international wants to play in the Premier League. Everton, Newcastle, Newcastle and Swansea have all shown interest in the 25-year-old. Click here for more.
Dagenham and Redbridge midfielder Joss Labadie has been banned for six months for biting Ronnie Henry. The incident occurred during Dagenham's 1-0 win over Stevenage last month. Labadies pleaded not guilty to violent conduct charge at FA hearing .
Olympique Lyonnais beat Bastia 2-0 to go top of Ligue 1 with 64 points from 32 games. Mohamed Yattara and Alexandre Lacazette score second-half goals. French champions Paris Saint-Germain.
FA chairman Greg Dyke must find £30million to fund his masterplan to reform grassroots football. England C team has operated under different names since it was formed in 1979. Paul Fairclough selects non-league players aged 23 and under to play for England .
Bristol City beat Bradford City 6-0 on Tuesday night to secure promotion to the Championship. The Robins are now 10 points clear at the top of the Sky Bet League One table. Aden Flint has scored 11 goals in all competitions for the Robins so far this season .
Paul McGowan was handed his third conviction for assaulting a police officer at Airdrie Sheriff Court. The 27-year-old midfielder will miss two forthcoming games against former club Celtic because he is under house arrest. Dundee have vowed to stand by McGowan and stand by their player .
The FA have formed a concussion experts panel to advise the FA on how to make the game safer. Jeff Astle died in 2002 after suffering a number of heavy blows to his head during his footballing career .
Police have released photos of 13 people they are trying to track down as they hunt for fans who threw bottles at NRL referees. A touch judge suffered a broken shoulder when he slipped at ANZ Stadium in Sydney as he tried to dodge bottles. Referees had penalised Bulldogs captain James Graham in the final minute of the game.
Gerard Pique has heaped praise on Barcelona's attacking trio of Luis Suarez, Neymar and Lionel Messi. The Spanish giants are in France ahead of their Champions League quarter-final tie against PSG. Pique says he has never seen a relationship like theirs before .
The family of Lavall Hall, 25, released the shocking video which calls into question the Miami Gardens police department's account of the incident on February 15. The clip captured from the police car at the scene shows shell cases flying as a police officer shot the 25-year-old schizophrenic. The police department said the officers were forced to shoot because Hall 'attacked' them with 'deadly force' using the broom  .
Suma, a 36-year-old orangutan, was first diagnosed with the painful condition in 2013 after keepers noticed stiffness in her movements. She was initially given daily medication to help relieve the pain. But on Thursday, amazing photographs were captured of the primate's thorough health examination by surgeons who gave her a steroid injection  .
Magnitude 3.1 earthquake hit just before 9pm last night just north of Los Angeles. The jolt was felt widely in the San Fernando Valley and parts of northern Los Angeles County. There was no reported damage or injuries.
The eBay listing, posted Friday, showed a laminated badge featuring a photo of Hernandez, 25, and identifying information, including his height, weight and birth date. The starting price for the card was $500, though there were no bids on the item when the auction was removed from the site on Saturday. Hernandez is currently in prison during his trial.
Ian Drinnan claimed his arthritis caused him almost constant pain and meant he had to use crutches. But the 58-year-old was filmed looking sprightly in his role at Blackpool Rangers FC where he helped to put up spectator barriers and goalposts at his local club.
Terry Richardson is one of the most famous photographers in the fashion industry. Known as much for his racy - often pornographic - photo shoots as he is for sexual assault allegations. This week he faced accusations from the model Kate Upton that he had released footage of her dancing in a bikini without her permission .
Daniel Agger accused of elbowing FC Copenhagen's Mattias Jorgensen in derby on Monday. Former Liverpool defender involved in another physical battle during Brondby's goalless draw with FC Copenhagen  .
YouTube user Serpentor filmed his feline friend in action. Footage shows tabby producing bizarre gurgling noises as she is petted. Clip has been watched 17,000 times.
Quinn Patrick was on a fishing trip with his dad at Snow Lake, Indiana when the pair caught a bowfin. The Bowfin propels itself from the ground and slaps him.
The Curl-crested Jay resides at the Criadouro Onca Pintada breeding centre in Brazil. Videoed behind a fence, the bird initially makes a sinister noise like a distorted voice before creating an almost digital sound.
Lewis Hamilton claims his contract with Mercedes is '99.6 per cent done' after Malaysian Grand Prix. But the British world champion has become frustrated with the fine print of the terms and conditions. The 30-year-old says it is 'unlikely' the contract will be signed this weekend.
Shaqueel van Persie filmed scoring with a 'scorpion kick' in his back garden. The seven-year-old has trained with both Manchester clubs and starred in BT Sport advert. Manchester United will reportedly offer Van Persie £5million this summer.
England bowler Jimmy Anderson is three wickets away from breaking Sir Ian Botham's England record. West Indies made Anderson wait on an attritional day that was in sharp contrast to the excitement provided by the first of this crucial series. CLICK HERE for all the latest news .
Matej Vydra scored a stunning volley to put Watford into the lead at half-time. Adlene Guedioura added a second shortly after the break to seal the win for the Hornets. Millwall slipped further into relegation trouble with the defeat .
Joao Teixeira has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a broken leg. The 22-year-old suffered the injury during Brighton's goalless draw with Huddersfield on Tuesday night at the Amex Stadium.
Celtic defender Jason Denayer is wanted back by Manchester City for pre-season assessment. The 19-year-old made his international debut for Belgium last month. Ronny Deila has confirmed Denayer will miss Champions League qualifiers .
Images of 11-year-old boy drawing the world map from scratch have gone viral on Reddit. The boy is the son of a professor who invited him to a class and he drew the map from memory .
Mats Hummels has two years left on his Borussia Dortmund contract. Manchester United have been linked with a £30million move for the Germany international. Dortmund CEO Hans-Joachim Watzke is optimistic about extending the 26-year-old's stay .
Borussia Dortmund beat Hoffenheim 3-2 in extra time to reach the German Cup semi-finals. Neven Subotic gave Dortmund the lead in the 19th minute before Roberto Firmino and Kevin Volland equalised for Hoffenheimer. Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang scored Dortmund's equaliser in the second half. Ricardo Rodriguez converted a second-half penalty for Wolfsburg.
Bayern Munich beat Borussia Dortmund 1-0 at the Westfalenstadion on Saturday. Robert Lewandowski scored the only goal of the game in the first half. Dortmund coach Jurgen Klopp says his side lacked punch against Bayern .
Chelsea beat QPR 1-0 in west London derby at Loftus Road on Sunday. John Terry played the full 90 minutes but was booed by the home crowd . Terry and Gary Cahill dominated at the back for Jose Mourinho's side.
Sunday's trip to Loftus Road marks Chelsea’s 700th game under Roman Abramovich's ownership. Chelsea have won three Premier Leagues, four FA Cups, three League Cups, one Europa League and one Champions League since 2004. Jose Mourinho believes the likes of Ruben Loftus-Cheek and Dominic Solanke will represent Chelsea and England.
England were awarded a penalty in the 96th minute against Norway on Saturday. Referee Marija Kurtes wrongly awarded an indirect free-kick to Norway. The match will be replayed on April 9 at 9:45pm at Seaview Stadium in Belfast. England will qualify for the European Championships if it is drawn.
New episode of mockumentary W1A shows bosses holding emergency meeting after Clarkson uses the word 'tosser' on Top Gear. Episode apparently filmed last July but narration has been tweaked.
The first year students at Washington University were practising at Creve Coeur Lake in Missouri. Asian carp are known for getting easily frightened by boats and leaping from the water  .
Woman known only as Goska spent some time volunteering at Criadouro Onça Pintada in Brazil. She mixed with a number of exotic animals while at the Jaguar Breeding Project.
New York state senator Jeffrey Klein said that a staffer 'accidentally tweeted a link from her personal phone' with a link to Google Image results for 'Susan Del Percio Hot' The tweet included a series of seemingly random characters followed by a Google search.
The 32-year-old was inspecting a weapons factory in the country's capital of Pyongyang. Footage shows his right-hand wrist wrapped up in a white bandage. It is the latest in a string of presumed health problems for the dictator.
Strong storms rumbled through the Southern Plains early on Thursday, missing major population centers but offering a preview of bad weather that could hit Chicago, Detroit and other big cities in the Midwest later in the day. The storm system, which stretches from Texas up to the Great Lakes and down to North Carolina, has the potential to be the biggest severe weather event so far this spring. Hail of up to 4 inches in diameter smashed buildings and cars and high winds tore off roofs and downed trees, as wild weather hit 12 states. Tornadoes were reported on Wednesday and early Thursday in Kansas, Missouri and Oklahoma.
Yan Tai weighed just over seven stone when she began dating You Pan in South China's Guangdong Province. But two years on and the pretty 20-year-old has ballooned to over 14 stone 2lbs. Food-obsessed You has now popped the question with a bouquet of chocolate .
The pensioner drove a red Peugeot towards Southend - but on the London-bound track. Some cars were forced into the central barrier and one man needed treatment for neck and back injuries. The woman was taken to hospital as a precaution.
Manchester United face Chelsea at Stamford Bridge on Saturday night. Louis van Gaal's side have beaten Tottenham, Liverpool and Manchester City in recent weeks. Gary Neville believes United have a good chance of beating Chelsea with the form they're in .
Siem de Jong played 45 minutes for Peter Beardsley's Under 21 side against Derby County. The 26-year-old made way at the break after coming through the first half of United's 2-0 defeat at St James' Park.
Moussa Sissoko was sent off for a reckless challenge on Lucas Leiva during Liverpool's 2-0 win. Newcastle boss John Carver says the club will deal with the incident. Newcastle have lost five games in a row in all competitions.
Newcastle United have lost five games in a row in the Premier League this season. The Magpies have scored just one goal in their last eight hours and are in danger of relegation. Jack Colback says the club's fans deserve more than they are getting .
Andy Lee and Peter Quillin fought to a draw in Brooklyn on Saturday night. The Irishman retains his WBO middleweight title after the bout was declared a draw. Lee was knocked to the canvas in the first round by Quillin, who vacated the title in Las Vegas .
Graeme McDowell carded a final round of 73 on Sunday to finish six over par for the tournament. McDowell is now a combined 24 over for his eight appearances in the year's first major championship. 'It would be sacrilege not to play here no matter how much it frustrates you,' the former US Open champion said of Augusta National  .
One Direction singer Niall Horan caddied for Rory McIlroy in the traditional Par-3 Contest at Augusta National. Horan fell while caddying for the Northern Irish golfer and hit a ball into the water on the ninth tee. The pair will reunite on stage at the Deutsche Bank Championship in Boston at the end of September.
Jermain Defoe received a mixed ovation when he was introduced to the crowd at a WWE event in Newcastle. The Sunderland striker was booed when he walked out of the WWE event on Thursday. Sunderland beat Newcastle 1-0 on Sunday .
Barcelona beat Almeria 4-0 in their La Liga clash on Wednesday night. Luis Enrique's side travel to Seville to face Real Madrid on Saturday. Lionel Messi and Luis Suarez return to training after lengthy spell on the sidelines.
Jose Mourinho believes he is getting better and better in every aspect of his job. Chelsea boss says he is not a hypocrite when he faces the media. Mourinho regularly finds himself in hot water with the Football Association regarding his comments to the media .
Jose Mourinho believes that the Ballon d'Or should be scrapped. The Chelsea manager has sided with Arsene Wenger in calling into question the legitimacy of the award. Cristiano Ronaldo is the current holder of the trophy which is voted for by national team managers and captains. Lionel Messi, who finished runner-up to Ronaldo in 2014, has won it three times .
Rory McIlroy was one over par after 11 holes before recording birdies on the 13th and 15th. The world No 1 is four shots off the clubhouse lead of Justin Rose and Charley Hoffman. Click here for all the latest Masters news .
Kevin Pietersen took his place on the right of the front row for the Surrey team photo shoot at the KIA Oval. The Surrey batsman looked in deep thought as he sat at the end of the team photo. Pietersen hopes to return to the England set-up .
Tiger Woods struggled to get under par in his first round at Augusta. The world No 111 struggled with a poor chip shot on the third hole. The galleries were packed as the pressure began to tell at Augusta .
Arsenal are close to signing Maxi Romero from Velez Sarsfield for £4.5million. The 16-year-old has been dubbed the next Lionel Messi. But the deal has been held up by red-tape over the make-up of ownership rights.
Jose Mourinho says Sir Alex Ferguson showed him 'two faces' during their first competitive meeting in 2004. Portuguese sprinted down touchline in celebration of Porto's last-gasp goal against Manchester United. Mourinho claims to have learned respect from Ferguson but has no close friends.
England drew 2-2 with Norway in their European U19 Women's Championships qualifier on Saturday. Referee Marija Kurtes disallowed Leah Williamson's penalty for encroachment from England players. But instead of ordering her back to the spot, she awarded a free-kick to Norway. UEFA chiefs ruled the match should be replayed and it was replayed five days later .
The Masters got underway at Augusta National on Thursday with Rory McIlroy bidding to complete a career grand slam. Tiger Woods' girlfriend Lindsey Vonn joined him during the par three contest on Wednesday. Rickie Fowler has been dating bikini model Alexis Randock since last year. Dustin Johnson is engaged to model and pop singer Paulina Gretzky and has a son together.
Brad Jones, Glen Johnson and Fabio Borini among local celebrities to turn out at Aintree. Borini's wife Erin O'Neill declared her 'Hubby (is) looking dapper' in an Instagram post while the striker was driving to the racecourse.
Michael Vaughan has emerged as the favourite for the newly created role of director of England cricket. The former England captain has already held talks with new ECB chief executive Tom Harrison. Andrew Strauss and Alec Stewart are also in the frame for the new role .
Reanne Evans beat Ken Doherty 10-8 at Ponds Forge sports centre in Sheffield. The 29-year-old became the first woman to play at the Crucible in the world snooker championship. Doherty won the World Championship title back in 1997  .
Kell Brook received a hero's ovation when he was introduced to the crowd in Sheffield. Dave Chisnall won both of his games in week 10 to move onto 17 points in second place. Click here for more Premier League news.
Manchester City face Manchester United in the Manchester derby on Sunday. Sergio Aguero insists City can still retain the Premier League title. Manuel Pellegrini's side are one point behind leaders Chelsea after a 2-1 defeat by Crystal Palace. City have won the last four derbies.
Danny Welbeck scored winner as Arsenal beat Manchester United in FA Cup quarter-final in March. 15-year-old boy posted vile, racist tweet after the game on Twitter. Wiltshire Police have now cautioned the teenager .
Amelie Mauresmo was appointed as Andy Murray's coach in June 2014 following split from Ivan Lendl. The 35-year-old broke the news on social media on Thursday night. Murray, 27, marries long-time fiancee Kim Sears at Dunblane Cathedral.
Aljaz Bedene defeated Arthur De Greef 6-2, 6-3 in just 70 minutes in Casablanca. Bedene will now face third seed Jiri Vesely, who beat Mikhail Youzhny 7-6 (9/7), 6-
Arsenal are trying to find a cure for Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain's persistent groin problems. Arsene Wenger revealed the attacking midfielder has suffered a setback in his bid to return from a hamstring strain. The 21-year-old has been struggling with an ongoing groin problem for several months  .
Jordan Spieth took the first-day honours with a stunning opening round of 64. The 21-year-old Texan is the youngest first-round leader in Masters history . Justin Rose and Charley Hoffman made the early running with a 67 at Augusta National .
Rob Green was humiliated by a ball boy during QPR's 3-3 draw with Aston Villa on Monday night. The former England No 1 let the ball boy roll it through his legs during the game as he tried to retrieve the ball .
Karen Sharpe, the mother of North Charleston Police Officer Michael Slager, defended her son in an interview, saying she cannot believe that he would do anything like what he's accused of. She also revealed that his wife, who is eight months pregnant, is devastated. Ms Sharpe said that she will never watch the video footage of the fatal shooting. This as she also expressed her sympathy for Walter Scott's family, the man her son shot dead. The shooting death of Scott by Slager occurred on Saturday morning  .
Jenson Button crashed into the back of Pastor Maldonado's Lotus on lap 49 of the Chinese Grand Prix. The pair were dicing for 13th place when the incident happened on the run down to Turn 1 . Button was given a five-second penalty after the race, which dropped him to 14th and two penalty points .
Nico Rosberg missed out on pole to Lewis Hamilton by just 0.042secs in qualifying for the Chinese Grand Prix . The German will start second on the grid behind his Mercedes team-mate Hamilton . Sebastian Vettel of Ferrari is third, nearly a second adrift of Hamilton. Click here for more F1 news .
French rugby federation looking for candidates to replace France coach Philippe Saint-Andre following World Cup. The FFR launched the application process to find his replacement on Friday. Among the favorites are Begles-Bordeaux coach Rapahael Ibanez, former Montpellier manager Fabien Galthie and Guy Noves.
Leicester Tigers face Saracens at Allianz Park on Saturday in the Aviva Premiership on Saturday. The Tigers are separated by just two points and two places with just four games left. Northampton are clear at the top of the table, with four games remaining .
Scotland winger Sean Maitland has undergone surgery on his injured shoulder. The 26-year-old will miss the rest of the Pro12 season with the injury . Glasgow Warriors coach Gregor Townsend says he is targeting to be fit for the World Cup . Scotland face Cardiff Blues at Scotstoun on Saturday night .
Jason Gillespie has signed a two-year deal with Big Bash side Adelaide Strikers. The 39-year-old will combine the role with his duties at Yorkshire. Gillespie played for South Australia during his playing career.
Jimmy Anderson needs four wickets to overtake Sir Ian Botham's record of 383 Test wickets. West Indies fall to 155 for four in response to England's first-innings total of 399. CLICK HERE for all the latest cricket news.
Curtly Ambrose's pep talk to West Indies bowlers worked as they took five for 58 in the morning session. Chris Jordan played out an interesting duel with former Barbados team-mate Justin Holder. Kevin Pietersen suffered an injury scare during Surrey match.
Ben Stokes thought he had claimed his 23rd Test wicket against Jermaine Blackwood. But the Durham all-rounder overstepped the crease and was denied the wicket. Michael Vaughan thinks Stokes should return to his natural style of bowling .
Michael Vaughan criticises England's top order for just looking to survive. Jonathan Trott and Alastair Cook both out early on in first Test against West Indies. Geoff Boycott and Bob Willis also criticise England's opening batsmen .
Arsenal beat Burnley 1-0 in their Premier League clash at Turf Moor on Saturday night. Aaron Ramsey scored the only goal of the game to secure the win for the Gunners. Arsene Wenger said he hopes Burnley escape relegation .
Roberto Martinez claims Seamus Coleman should have been awarded a free-kick before conceding penalty. Coleman was fouled by Marvin Emnes before he scooped away the ball with his hands. Referee Michael Oliver awarded the penalty .
Craig Dawson is set to return for West Brom after serving a one-match ban. Youssouf Mulumbu starts three-game ban for Leicester after being sent off against QPR. Matt Upson and Dean Hammond are available for Leicester's trip to West Brom. Click here for more West Brom news.
Harry Panayiotou has scooped the Barclays Premier League U21 Player of the Month award. The 20-year-old scored three goals for Leicester City in March. He also netted a hat-trick in his third game for St Kitts and Nevis .
Newcastle announced record profits last month of £18.7m for the 2013/14 season. £38.6m was transferred into Newcastle's bank account as a cash-flow sum. Revelation has infuriated fans who claim owner Mike Ashley has little ambition beyond staying in top flight.
Chelsea beat Queens Park Rangers 1-0 at Loftus Road in west London derby on Sunday. Cesc Fabregas scored the winner in the 88th minute to extend Chelsea's lead over Arsenal to seven points. The FA will wait for referee Andre Marriner's report before deciding whether to investigate.
Chelsea beat Queens Park Rangers 1-0 in the west London derby at Loftus Road. Cesc Fabregas scored the winner in the 87th minute with an 87th-minute strike. Thibaut Courtois was Chelsea's stand-out performer with a number of crucial saves to deny Charlie Austin .
Jeff Astle died of chronic traumatic encephalopathy in 2002 at the age of 59. The Baggies are commemorating the launch of the Jeff Astle Foundation. West Brom are wearing a replica of their 1968 FA Cup winning kit.
Diafra Sakho limps off after 58 minutes of West Ham's 1-1 draw against Stoke on Saturday. Striker could be out for the rest of the season with a thigh injury. West Ham are ninth in the Premier League with 43 points .
Rangers dropped two points at Championship bottom side Livingston in their bid for promotion. Stuart McCall wants his side to end their away-day blues at Dumbarton on Saturday. Rangers have only won once in their last five away matches.
Stuart McCall expects Shane Ferguson to be fit and ready to aid Rangers' play-off push. Ferguson has not played since his country's 2-0 European qualifier win over Greece in October. Northern Ireland international joined up with Rangers this week.
Stuart McCall confident Shane Ferguson can play a vital role in Rangers' play-off bid. Midfielder has been out with a knee ligament injury since joining the club on loan. Click here for more Rangers news.
The Ibrox board last week launched a probe into claims Mike Ashley's firm had taken ownership of intellectual property, including the club’s famous crests. Rangers insist the position stems solely from the security attached to the loan from Sports Direct.
Real Madrid returned to training on Wednesday ahead of return to La Liga action on Saturday. Real Madrid drew 0-0 with rivals Atletico Madrid in the Champions League last eight on Tuesday. Cristiano Ronaldo, Gareth Bale and James Rodriguez played 90 minutes on Tuesday .
Thibaut Courtois has won the League Cup and Capital One Cup with Chelsea this season. The Belgian keeper is now targeting the Premier League title with Chelsea . Cour tois won La Liga, the Copa del Rey and the Europa League at Atletico Madrid .
Petr Cech has made just five Premier League appearances for Chelsea this season. Carlo Cudicini believes Arsenal should target Chelsea goalkeeper if he leaves Stamford Bridge. Cech revealed last week he does not want to spend another season as understudy to Thibaut Courtois at Chelsea .
Barcelona beat Paris Saint-Germain 3-1 in the first leg of their Champions League quarter-final tie . Luis Suarez scored twice and Neymar also netted for the Catalan outfit in Paris . Laurent Blanc made no excuses for his side's defeat as they now face elimination from the Champions League . Click here for all the latest Barcelona news .
Liverpool lead the tributes to the 96 people who lost their lives at Hillsborough on the 26th anniversary of the disaster. A memorial service will be held at Anfield to remember the victims .
Wales have reached their highest ever position in the FIFA world rankings by rising 15 places to 22. Chris Coleman's side have surpassed the 27th spot achieved by Terry Yorath's side back in 1993. Belgium rose to its highest-ever spot at No 3 in the rankings, which are still led by World Cup winner Germany followed by Argentina  .
Jermain Defoe scores stunning volley in Tyne-Wear derby win against Newcastle on Sunday. Sunderland striker takes on keepy up challenge with a Creme Egg. Defoe sets impressive score of 76 for his team-mates to beat.
Lakenya Hall, 35, of Kenner, drove the children to a fight just after 5pm Wednesday after a previous fight at a bus stop. It was at that second location that a 14-year-old was shot in the upper thigh. Hall was booked on six counts of contributing to the delinquency.
Luke Shaw admits he has endured a 'frustrating' debut season at Manchester United. The 19-year-old joined United last summer in a £31.5million transfer from Southampton. Shaw has only made 17 appearances in all competitions for the Red Devils this season . CLICK HERE for all the latest Manchester United news .
Stoke midfielder Charlie Adam scored one of the most memorable goals in Premier League history. Adam lobbed Thibaut Courtois from 66 yards to equalise at 1-1 at Stamford Bridge. Stoke lost 2-1 to Chelsea .
Charlie Adam struck a stunning goal from inside his own half against Chelsea on Saturday. David Beckham and Xabi Alonso have both scored from inside their own half in the Premier League. Moritz Stoppelkamp and Maynor Figueroa have also scored from behind halfway. CLICK HERE for all the latest Premier League news .
Stoke midfielder Charlie Adam has been the talk of football this Easter weekend after his 66-yard goal against Chelsea. Adam scored a similar effort for Blackpool reserves against Accrington Stanley in 2009 in a reserve match .
Stoke City midfielder Charlie Adam scored one of the goals of his career against Chelsea on Saturday. David Beckham did it against Wimbledon in 1996 and Wayne Rooney against West Ham last season. Chelsea became the second team to score 100 penalties in the Premier League and have now scored 102 .
West Ham United host Stoke City at Upton Park on Saturday (3pm kick-off) Enner Valencia will be available for West Ham after recovering from a toe injury. Marc Wilson will be fit to play despite a broken hand for the Potters. Striker Jon Walters has had a knee problem but has been training .
Cesc Fabregas, Nemanja Matic and Oscar have been struggling in recent weeks. Jose Mourinho insists he will stick by his midfielders despite poor form. Oscar was substituted at half-time against Stoke on Saturday. Chelsea beat the Potters 2-1 at Stamford Bridge .
Robin van Persie has missed Manchester United's last six games with an ankle injury. The 31-year-old has scored 10 goals in 24 Premier League games for United this season. Louis van Gaal's side travel to Old Trafford to face Manchester City in the Manchester derby on Sunday .
Barcelona defender Dani Alves is out of contract at the end of the season. The Brazil international has been sounded out by Manchester United over a move to Old Trafford . The 32-year-old is hoping Barcelona make him an improved offer so he can stay at the Nou Camp. Click here for more Barcelona news .
Liverpool host Newcastle United at Anfield on Monday night (8pm kick-off) Mamadou Sakho was forced off injured against Blackburn Rovers in Wednesday's FA Cup replay. Daniel Sturridge should be fit after complaining of muscle tightness. Newcastle defender Daryl Janmaat could be fit to face Liverpool despite injury scare.
Luis Suarez has revealed that he once sneaked his way into the Nou Camp for a photo with his wife Sofia. The striker admitted that Real Madrid were 'very' interested in signing him but he only wanted Barca. Suarez also opened up about the infamous bite on Giorgio Chiellini .
Mario Balotelli shared an image of a thermometer reading on social media to prove he was too ill to play against Blackburn. Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers had already gone cold on the Italian striker. Rodgers will admit he ignored the warning signs but had hoped he was maturing with age. Italian has scored just once in the Premier League this season .
Liverpool beat Blackburn 1-0 in the FA Cup quarter-final replay at Ewood Park. Lucas Leiva is hoping to play at Wembley for the first time since 2012. The midfielder missed all three trips to the national stadium with a knee injury .
Liverpool beat Blackburn Rovers 1-0 in the FA Cup quarter-final at Ewood Park. Mario Balotelli missed the game due to a temperature of 38.7C (101.66F) Striker posted a photo of himself holding a thermometer on Instagram. Robbie Savage branded the Italian striker 'pathetic' for missing the game .
Derry Mathews was due to face Richar Abril on April 18 in Liverpool in the second defence of his WBA lightweight world title. The Cuban was due to face Mathews in his home city for the second time . Mathews may still fight for the title in Liverpool if the WBA strip him of his belt . The 31-year-old tweeted: 'I am in this sport to fight the best' .
Newcastle United were beaten 1-0 by Sunderland at the Stadium of Light on Sunday. John Carver admits the club need to look at the 'DNA' of their dressing-room this summer. Newcastle are nine points clear of the relegation zone and travel to Liverpool in the Premier League on Monday.
Amir Khan is hoping to fight Kell Brook within the next 12 months. Kell Brook wants to fight Khan for the IBF welterweight world title. Khan says Brook is just trying to get the 'one big payday' which has eluded him. CLICK HERE for all the latest boxing news .
Barcelona beat Almeria 4-0 at the Nou Camp to move seven points clear at the top of La Liga. Lionel Messi opened the scoring with a trademark curled strike on the half hour mark. Luis Suarez doubled the lead with a similar left-footed strike before Marc Bartra added a third on 75 minutes. Pedro wrapped a cross-shot just wide of Julián Cuesta's goal in the 90th minute. Barca stay top of the table with just eight matches to play   .
Sevilla coach Unai Emery has guided the club to fifth in La Liga this season. Emery is one of the most animated coaches in the La Liga. He has overseen a 'clear upwards trend' since taking over at Sevilla in January 2013   .
One Direction singer Niall Horan caddied for Rory McIlroy in the traditional Par-3 Contest at Augusta National. Horan had an embarrassing moment when he slipped over while carrying McIlory's clubs on the par-three course. Tiger Woods also played in the event for the first time in 11 years. Woods was joined on the course by girlfriend Lindsey Vonn, his son Charlie and daughter Sam. American 36-year-old Kevin Streelman won the contest after a three-hole play-off with Camilo Villegas. Click here for more Masters news.
Rory McIlroy has won all of his four majors after heavy rain at Augusta National. The Northern Irishman has won three of his last four majors on courses that have been hit by rain. Tiger Woods has the skill set to succeed for a fourth time at Augusta, but he must answer big questions. Bubba Watson and Adam Scott are the other big-hitting stars.
Alvarado has run only once this season, finishing fifth at Doncaster in February. Trainer Fergal O'Brien says the 10-year-old gelding is in better shape than last year's fourth Alvarado at Aintree  .
Cindy Crawford, Yasmin Le Bon and Christie Brinkley were huge stars in the 90s and 90s. Now their daughters are making their own names in the fashion world. Georgia Jagger, Amber Le Bon, Ella Richards and Georgia May Jagger are all models of the moment  .
Liverpool and Newcastle players took part in minute silence before Premier League match. 45,000 fans gathered at Anfield for period of silence before game against Newcastle. Former Newcastle captain Bobby Moncur laid flowers at the club's Hillsborough memorial .
Porto face Bayern Munich in their Champions League quarter-final first leg on Wednesday night. Julen Lopetegui's side are the only undefeated side in the Champions League this season. The Portuguese side have conceded just five goals and scored 24 so far this season . Click here for all the latest Champions League news .
Marc-Andre ter Stegen is yet to make his La Liga debut for Barcelona this season. The 22-year-old has struggled to get ahead of Claudio Bravo in the pecking order at the Nou Camp. Barcelona face Paris Saint Germain in the first leg of their Champions League quarter-final tie .
Eden Hazard, Thibaut Courtois, Kurt Zouma and Izzy Brown celebrate Thai New Year with kick-ups game. Blues quartet celebrated Songkran festival with traditional activity of throwing water at each other. Chelsea mascot Stamford the Lion lost the contest.
Tiger Woods is the 111th best golfer in the world ahead of his 20th appearance at the Masters. The 39-year-old has insisted that he would not enter a tournament unless he thought he had a chance of winning it. Woods is on the brink of a third consecutive major in what would be a personal Grand Slam .
Rory McIlroy will spend the eve of the Masters with a member of the celebrated boy band of that name. But it is not lookalike Harry Styles who will carry the Northern Irishman's bag in the par-three tournament .
Gareth Bale injured his left foot during Real Madrid's training session on Tuesday morning. Carlo Ancelotti's side face Rayo Vallecano in La Liga on Wednesday evening. Bale scored Real's first goal in their 9-1 demolition of Granada on Sunday. CLICK HERE for all the latest Real Madrid news .
Corinthians striker Paolo Guerrero is one of three players diagnosed with dengue fever this week. Palmeiras reserve goalkeeper Aranha and Santos striker Leo Cittadini have also been diagnosed with disease.
Paris Saint-Germain host Barcelona in Champions League quarter-final first leg on Wednesday. Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Marco Verratti suspended for Ligue 1 champions. David Luiz injured for La Liga giants.
Juventus beat Monaco 1-0 in the first leg of the Champions League quarter-final on Tuesday. Gianluigi Buffon says he is not thinking about retiring because he is still playing well. Juventus goalkeeper made three important saves to deny Monaco an away goal.
Rangers will play Hearts at Tynecastle on May 3, 24 hours after Falkirk and Queen of the South. Hibernian chief executive Leanne Dempster and Hearts chairwoman Ann Budge have lodged formal complaints. Rangers boss Stuart McCall backs Hibs.
Andy Murray is set to marry his fiancee Kim Sears in Dunblane next Saturday. There are believed to be well over 100 people attending, but star spotters will find celebrities in short supply. Click here for more tennis news.
Ben Flower was sent off in last year's Super League Grand Final after punching St Helens' Lance Hohaia. Wigan coach Shaun Wane says he wants Flower to be 'a bit more aggressive and a bit stronger' Flower will return for Wigan against Warrington on Thursday. The 28-year-old was handed a six-month ban for the attack in October's final .
Ben Flower said that he regrets his attack on Lance Hohaia every day. The Wigan Warriors forward was sent off in the Super League Grand Final in October. The 27-year-old is preparing to return to rugby league this week.
Leeds Rhinos prop Kylie Leuluai faces another six weeks on the sidelines. The 37-year-old has not played since the Super League leaders' only defeat at Warrington a month ago.
Robin van Persie has 14 months left on his £250,000-a-week contract at Manchester United. Dutch striker has struggled for fitness this season, but has still scored 10 Premier League goals. Juventus and Inter Milan have both been linked with a summer move for Van Persie. Click here for Manchester United transfer news .
Liverpool beat Newcastle 2-0 to move within four points of the Premier League's top four. Raheem Sterling and Joe Allen scored the goals for Brendan Rodgers' side at Anfield. The Reds are now four points clear of Manchester City in fourth place .
Real Madrid face Atletico Madrid in Champions League quarter-final first leg on Tuesday. Cristiano Ronaldo and Karim Benzema showed off their skills in training on Monday. Real are seven points clear of rivals Barcelona in La Liga and have won six games this season.
Hard-boiled egg is placed in a tumbler glass before it is filled quarter of the way with tap water. The egg is vigorously shaken from left to right so that the shell loosens. After ten seconds, the shell is lifted free .
New Bush Tucker Trials invite both young and old theme park guests to be King or Queen of the Jungle. Gold stars to be won, quizzes with slimey punishments for wrong answers and 56 mph wind to face before contestants can be crowned king.
Mike Tindall bought horse Monbeg Dude for £12,000 at auction after a boozy dinner. After a whopping £105,500 payday he tweeted ‘Holy s***, I’m lost for words and emotions. All I can say is yes the dude!!!!!’. Scroll here for video.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored his 300th goal for Real Madrid against Rayo Vallecano. The Portuguese forward is seven goals shy of Alfredo di Stefano's club record. Ronaldo has scored 206 goals with his right foot, 52 with his left and 41 with his head .
Southampton sit seventh in the Premier League with 53 points from 31 games. Ronald Koeman's side have failed to score in five of their last nine league matches. The Saints host Hull City at St Mary's Park on Saturday in their next game .
Eden Hazard will make his 100th Premier League appearance for Chelsea against QPR on Sunday. The Belgian winger joined Chelsea from Lille for £32million in 2012. Hazard has scored 17 goals and made nine assists this season. Click here for more Chelsea news .
Newcastle have lost the last five Tyne-Wear derbies against rivals Sunderland. Fans are threatening to boycott the next home match against Spurs in protest at Mike Ashley's running of the club. John Carver says he would walk away from Newcastle if the club’s hierarchy had not given him assurances of serious summer investment  .
Alan Pardew was the first Newcastle boss to suffer four successive defeats to Sunderland. Sunderland beat Newcastle 1-0 in the Tyne-Wear derby last weekend. Palace beat Manchester City 2-1 on Monday night and are 11th .
Richie Benaud died peacefully in his sleep surrounded by his wife Daphne and family. He had been receiving radiation treatment for skin cancer since November when he was admitted to a Sydney hospice. Benaud played a key role in the formation of World Series Cricket in the 1970s. Prime Minister Tony Abbott has offered his family a state funeral in recognition of his towering stature .
Stoke's Britannia Stadium playing surface is the joint smallest in the Premier League. Mark Hughes wants to extend the pitch by at least 15ft for next season. Premier League wish to standardise pitch sizes at 105m x 68m.
Mark Selby, John Higgins and Ding Junhui were among a number of players who moved effortlessly into the last 16 of the China Open. Selby continued to defy a neck injury to sweep aside fellow Englishman Elliot Slessor. Ding had two breaks of 86 in a convincing 5-1 victory.
Rita, 24, has collaborated with adidas Originals for new range. The range is emblazoned with graphic dragon prints and lands on May 1. Reveals her inspiration and plans for the future .
Lauren Hill was diagnosed with Diffuse Intrinsic Pontine Glioma, a rare form of brain cancer, shortly after her 18th birthday. She played four games for Mount St. Joseph University in Cincinnati and raised more than $1.5 million for research into the cancer. But as her condition worsened, she became an honorary coach and earlier this year, she moved to Cincinnati Children's Hospital, where she passed away on Friday morning. She was 19 years old .
Jose Mourinho has won 21 major trophies during his 15-year career as a coach. He has coached a whole host of world class stars during his time in charge of Chelsea. Sportsmail picks Mourinho's best ever XI, with Petr Cech and Ashley Cole.
A video from the Philadelphia Office of Transportation shows characters in 'safety suits' talking to residents. The campaign is aimed at 18 to 25-year-olds who it says are most likely to be hit by cars while on their phones. More than 40% of drivers who hit pedestrians and 30% of the 1,800 pedestrians that are hit are 18 to 34. Some have criticized the campaign for focusing too much on pedestrians and not drivers .
Vincent Kompany is an injury doubt for Manchester City's clash against Manchester United on Sunday. The Belgium centre-half picked up a hamstring injury against Crystal Palace on Monday. City boss Manuel Pellegrini says he will be assessed on Saturday. CLICK HERE for all the latest Manchester City news .
Chelsea U19s beat Roma 4-0 in the UEFA Youth League semi-finals on Friday . Charlie Colckett, Dominic Solanke and Tammy Abraham scored the goals for Adi Viveash's side . Chelsea will now face Shakhtar Donetsk in the final on Monday .
Jonathan Trott is set to make his 50th Test appearance for England against the West Indies on Monday. Trott admits he thought his England career was over after he reached 'breaking point' in Brisbane. He was forced to quit the last Ashes tour after his ordeal at the hands of Mitchell Johnson in the first Test .
Manchester United face Manchester City at Old Trafford on Sunday afternoon. Louis van Gaal's side trained in the sunshine on Friday ahead of the derby. Robin van Persie could return to the fray after being declared fit to play. Click here for more Manchester United news.
Harry Redknapp resigned as QPR manager in February due to knee problems. The 68-year-old described the situation at Loftus Road as 'a bit of a soap opera' Former West Ham boss believes he would have kept the club up .
Ross McCormack opened the scoring for Fulham after just four minutes against Wigan . Jermaine Pennant equalised for the Latics with a stunning free-kick in the 22nd minute. Matt Smith put Fulham back in front in the 35th minute with a smart finish. CLICK HERE for all the latest Fulham news.
Arsenal travel to Turf Moor to face Burnley in the Premier League on Saturday evening. Arsene Wenger's side are seven points clear of Chelsea at the top of the table . The Gunners have won their last eight Premier League games in a row . Burnley are currently second bottom of the league, but only two points from safety .
Chris Smalling posted a photo of himself and girlfriend Sam Cooke on Twitter. The 25-year-old is establishing himself as one of the best centre backs in England. Adnan Januzaj has also joined the social networking site, just days before Manchester City clash.
Gareth Bale will be rested for Saturday's La Liga game at home to Eibar, says Real Madrid boss Carlo Ancelotti. The Welshman joins suspended midfielders Toni Kroos and James Rodriguez on the sidelines. Cristiano Ronaldo will play and hopes to add to his 37 goals in La Liga, the league's highest.
John Terry was banned for four games and fined £220,000 for racist comments directed at Anton Ferdinand in October 2011. Terry will line up against Chris Ramsey's QPR side at Loftus Road on Sunday. QPR boss Ramsey says he will have no problem shaking Terry's hand. Rio Ferdinand will not be fit for Sunday's match against Chelsea  .
Arsenal players have revealed their ultimate pre-game playlist ahead of Burnley clash. Olivier Giroud selected Coldplay's 'Every Teardrop Is A Waterfall' and Nacho Monreal opted for David Guetta's 'Dangerous' Laurent Koscielny opted for Pharrell Williams' 'Happy' .
Chelsea captain John Terry names Philippe Coutinho as PFA Player of the Year. Harry Kane named Young Player of Year after scoring 19 league goals for Tottenham. Youssouf Mulumbu mistakenly named Eden Hazard and Harry Kane as best player .
Chelsea currently lead the Premier League by seven points with a game in hand. Jose Mourinho's side have been top of the table for 230 days since beating Everton on August 30. The current record for days at the top belongs to Manchester United, when they led for 262 days in 1993/94.
Diego Costa injured his hamstring in Chelsea's 2-1 win over Stoke City on Saturday. The Spain striker had hoped to return in time for the clash against Arsenal on April 26. CLICK HERE for all the latest Chelsea news.
Manchester City have been reined in by Financial Fair Play regulations, according to Gary Neville. The former Manchester United defender believes Chelsea and Arsenal would be a preferable option for a big star looking to switch to the Premier League. Manuel Pellegrini's side travel to Old Trafford to face Manchester United.
Mats Hummels and Ilkay Gundogan are both expected to join Manchester United this summer. Gundogan is expected to complete a £15million move to Old Trafford at the end of the season. Hummel and Gundogan have been on United's radar for some time .
Eden Hazard has been in superb form for Chelsea this season. Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho backs Belgian to win Player of the Year award. Hazard will face stiff competition from Tottenham's Harry Kane. CLICK HERE for all the latest Chelsea news .
Richie Benaud led his country in 28 of his 63 Tests and never lost a series. He was the first to scale the double of 200 wickets and 2,000 runs. He retired as a player in 1964 and became a commentator.
Niki Lauda aimed his first verbal grenade at his driver Nico Rosberg ahead of the Chinese Grand Prix. The Mercedes chairman said Rosberg is 'a little bit behind Lewis Hamilton' . Rosberg finished second in practice behind his Mercedes team-mate Hamilton .
Justin Rose bogeyed three of the first four holes of his opening round at Augusta. The 2013 US Open champion ended the day on seven under, sharing third place. The 34-year-old Englishman is seven shots behind runaway leader Jordan Spieth at Augusta .
The stats from a brilliant day one made fascinating reading as the par fives lived up to their billing. Half of the par fours had a scoring average of 4.2 or higher, with the 11th yielding just three birdies all day . Byron Meth opened with a 74 on his Masters debut on Friday .
The Masters is one few sporting events which offers food at reasonable prices for its punters. A Bar-B-Que or Classic Chicken sandwich for $3 is about £2.05. Padraig Harrington's unusual practice technique could be the secret to his resurgence of form in recent months .
Arsene Wenger has slammed post-season tours as a 'nightmare' Arsenal opted against an extended pre-season trip to India or Malaysia. Tottenham will travel to Australia and Malaysia at the end of the Premier League season   .
Kevin Pietersen made 170 runs off 149 balls against Oxford MCCU on Sunday. Former England captains Alec Stewart and Nasser Hussain have had their say on Pietersen's chances of a return. The 34-year-old made his county cricket return.
Ale Stewart is yet to speak to anyone at the England and Wales Cricket Board. The Surrey director of cricket insists his focus is on his role at The Oval. Michael Vaughan and Andrew Strauss have also been linked.
Chelsea's Eden Hazard and Arsenal's Santi Cazorla are both set to make their 100th Premier League appearance. Both players have been hugely influential since moving to London in 2012. Here, Sportsmail's reporters choose the player they most enjoy seeing in action .
Hundreds of people are seen watching without attempting to intervene during the alleged attack on Panama City Beach, Florida. The footage was uncovered on a cell phone during an unconnected investigation into a shooting in Troy, Alabama. Delone' Martistee, 22, and Ryan Austin Calhoun, 23, have been suspended from college.
Michael Jacobs' ninth-minute opener looked to have given Blackpool a first away win in 343 days. Bolton equalised in the fifth minute of stoppage time through Eidur Gudjohnsen. Blackpool remain 16 points from safety from safety .
Brandon Wyne, 17, and his friend Courtney Griffith, 18, were pulled over for a broken tail light. When officers approached their car they claimed to smell marijuana and ordered everyone out of the car. Wyne agreed to get out on condition that nobody touch him until his mother arrived. Video shows Wyne being pepper sprayed and stunned twice .
Hot favourites Oxford romped to victory by six and a half lengths against Cambridge. Oxford women's president Anastasia Chitty hailed the victory as a special moment for her crew. Oxford's men won the 161st men's race shortly afterwards.
Nico Rosberg missed out on pole to Lewis Hamilton by just 0.042secs in qualifying for the Chinese Grand Prix. The German has now been out-qualified by his Mercedes team-mate at each of the three races this season . Hamilton will start from the front of the grid with Sebastian Vettel third on the grid . Click here for all the latest Formula One news .
Arsenal take on Burnley at Turf Moor on Saturday in late kick-off. Victory will ensure Arsene Wenger's side claim longest winning streak in Premier League this season. Gunners have won seven straight games since defeat against Tottenham on February 7. Arsenal are seven points behind leaders Chelsea, who are currently top of table.
Aaron Ramsey scored the only goal of the game to give Arsenal the lead at Turf Moor. Aaron Ramsey put the Gunners ahead in the fifth minute after a brilliant lobbed pass from Mesut Ozil. Burnley's Ben Mee was booked in the first half for a blatant block .
Stoke striker Peter Crouch gave his verdict on Charlie Adam's goal celebration on Sky's Soccer AM. Adam scored a wonder strike against Chelsea at Stamford Bridge on Saturday night. Crouch originally brought the robot celebration into prominence for England against Jamaica in 2006 .
The unnamed woman, believed to be between 25 and 45 years old, was discovered lying unconscious March 22 in the area near Shore Parkway and 26th Avenue in the Gravesend section of Brooklyn. Paramedics were unable to revive her and she was pronounced dead that evening.
Sportsmail have teamed up with Golfbidder to offer one lucky reader the chance to win a bundle of Callaway golf clubs and accessories worth more than £1,300. The exclusive prize bundle includes a Callaway XR Driver and Irons.
Matej Vydra put Watford ahead in the 23rd minute but a mistake by Ben Watson changed the game. Tom Ince put Derby 2-1 up before Marco Motta was sent off for Watford. Darren Bent scored a penalty to level the scores at 2-2.
Tom Cairney, Jordan Rhodes and Jay Spearing scored for Blackburn Rovers. Leeds midfielder Rudi Austin was sent off in the first half for elbowing Ben Marshall. Rovers extended their unbeaten away run to six matches in all competitions.
Middlesbrough striker Patrick Bamford scored his 15th goal of the season to put them top of the table. Wigan remain in the relegation zone after a third defeat in their last five games . Malky Mackay's side remain five points adrift of safety after defeat at the Riverside Stadium   .
Wolves beat Nottingham Forest 2-1 at the City Ground on Good Friday. Manager Kenny Jackett has told his side to keep their focus on Leeds United on Monday. Forest boss Dougie Freedman says the difference between the two sides was simple composure in front of goal .
Robin Thomas, of Jonesboro, Arkansas, posted a sign on his truck that reads, 'Looking for a date? Would you date a single father?' The retired cook said he's looking for a woman who is 'normal and down-to-earth'
Charles Manuel, of Lamoni, Iowa, surrendered his license to practice and admitted to swapping services for sex and performing exorcisms on some patients. The disgraced chiropractor received a perfect five out of five stars in patient satisfaction on HealthGrades.
Charles and Camilla were invited to fit the bungs to the casks on a tour of the Ballindalloch Distillery. They will have to wait around eight to 10 years to sample the single malt as it mature .
Flamur Ukshini, 23, from the Kosovan capital of Pristina has almost 40,000 followers on Instagram. He is in his final year studying Business Informatics and also works as a part time model  .
Benedict Cumberbatch was challenged to a game by Chinese ping pong legend Deng Yaping. The Sherlock star was hosting the Laureus World Sports Awards in Shanghai. Deng still won the match despite using a wooden spoon.
An unidentified man was caught on camera wandering across the green at the Ko Olina resort in Oahu and plunging into a pond. Announcers couldn't help but chuckle at the course-crasher's escapades as he went into the water to retrieve a hat that had blown off.
Clint Chadbourne, 71, was headed back to Portland from Massachusetts with his wife and daughter. He said he was 'getting hydrophobic' when he tried to get out of the car. His wife Bonnie posted the two-minute clip on Facebook and it went viral.
Dozens of staff at Manchester United's Megastore are sweating over their futures. The club's world-record £750m kit deal with Nike is about to expire on July 31. Some claim they are being kept in the dark over whether they will be re-employed, blaming US sportswear giants.
Jurgen Klopp announced on Wednesday that he would be leaving Borussia Dortmund this summer. Arsene Wenger branded the 'circus' surrounding Klopp's departure as a 'ridiculous circus' Arsenal face Reading in the FA Cup .
The unnamed worker was spotted on the roof 30-feet above the ground on top of an Edwardian semi-detached home. A local resident noticed the man carrying out the work with a lack of safety equipment on the slippery tiles and quickly took snaps of the man .
AC Milan and Inter meet in the Milan Derby on Sunday in the Champions League. The two sides met in the 2005 Champions League quarter-final second leg at the San Siro. The match was stopped because of flares being thrown on to the pitch. Both sides have since vacated the European scene.
New York City FC have made a slow start to the MLS season, winning just once. Mehdi Ballouchy opened the scoring before CJ Sapong pulled one back for Philadelphia Union. David Villa was forced off with a hamstring injury at half time and Vincent Nogueira scored.
Mateo Musacchio suffered a broken ankle during Villarreal's 1-1 draw with Getafe on Sunday. The Argentine defender was carried off on a stretcher with 13 minutes to go. Diego Castro's header gave Getafe a 1- 1 draw at the Coliseum Alfonso Perez on Sunday .
NAC Breda manager Robert Maaskant let his fists do the talking against FC Dordrecht on Saturday. The 46-year-old smashes through the plastic casing of the dugout after his side give up a two-goal lead at half time  .
Diego Maradona scored the winner during an exhibition match in Bogota to support the peace process in Colombia. The 1986 World Cup winner saw red with a steward trying to halt him whilst applauding fans after the match. Argentina legend continued to acknowledge his fans.
Callum Wilson opened the scoring for Bournemouth in the fourth minute at the Madejski Stadium. The Cherries secured a hard-fought win to move up to sixth in the Championship. Click here for more news .
Arsenal will take on Reading in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Saturday evening. The match will clash with the Premier League title clash between Chelsea and Manchester United. Arsene Wenger says something must be done to solve the fixture scheduling mess in England. The Gunners boss also branded the 'circus' around Jurgen Klopp's resignation 'ridiculous'
Luis Suarez scored twice as Barcelona beat Paris Saint-Germain 3-0 in the Champions League on Wednesday. The Uruguayan forward has scored 13 goals in his last 14 games for the Catalan giants. Suarez, Neymar and Lionel Messi have established themselves as the most feared front three in the world. Click here for all the latest Barcelona news  .
Paris Saint-Germain ace Zlatan Ibrahimovic has been suspended for four matches. Ibrahimovic will miss games against Nice, Lille, Metz and Nantes. The Swede striker lost his temper after losing to Bordeaux.
Liverpool beat Blackburn Rovers 1-0 in the FA Cup quarter-final on Wednesday. The Reds will face Aston Villa in the semi-final of the competition next Sunday. Steven Gerrard will leave Anfield at the end of the season. Liverpool have not won the trophy since the 2006 FA Cup final .
Wayne Rooney was handed the captain's armband by Louis van Gaal last summer. Manchester United beat Manchester City 6-0 in the Manchester derby on Sunday. The England skipper says he has had to learn to be his own man to lead the team.
Binky Felstead, 24, has opened up her closet to give wannabe Sloane Rangers a helping hand in achieving street style. The Made In Chelsea star has teamed up with phone case company Otterbox to launch MySymmetry series.
Boca Juniors beat Palestino 2-0 in the Copa Libertadores to finish top of Group Five with 100 per cent record. The Argentinian giants will now face arch rivals River Plate in the last-16 of the competition. River Plate kept alive their cup dream with a 3-0 victory over Bolivian side San Jose on Wednesday .
Robert Durst, 71, sent bizarre letter to reporter Molly Hennessey-Fiske, a reporter for the Los Angeles Times. Letter was addressed 'Hiya Holly' and addressed to a man purporting to be Durst at a Louisiana state prison. Durst was arrested last month for the suspected 2000 murder of his friend and confidante Susan Berman. He has pleaded not guilty to weapons charges and is awaiting extradition to California.
The driver can be heard beeping his horn at the girl before hitting her with a horrifying thud. The 15-year-old girl suffered minor injuries and has already been released from Shellharbour Hospital. Police have spoken with the driver .
A survey has shown Australia to be most expensive country in the world for the fourth year in a row. A luxurious hotel room in Sydney will set you back around $1126 per night, $640 more than in New York. A two-litre bottle of Coca Cola also tops the charts in Australia at $4.30, 51 percent more than New York . The United States remains the world's cheapest developed country.
Two French male tourists allegedly ignited an aerosol spray with a lighter causing a large flame to make contact with a quokka. The lucky little critter survived the reckless incident but was singed by the flame .
Denis Suarez scored a late winner for Sevilla as they came from behind to beat Zenit St Petersburg 2-1. Aleksandr Ryazantsev had given the visitors the lead in the first-half, scoring off his own rebound. Fiorentina rescued a 1-1 draw away to Dynamo Kiev in Ukraine on Thursday night.
Ronnie Tran and his mother were kidnapped by two women from their home in Des Moines, Washington. Police say the 40-year-old mother was stunned with a Taser and bound with plastic ties before being driven to a house in Fife.
The Miami-Dade Police Department set up a hidden camera to deal with the problem of luggage theft. Workers were caught rifling through checked bags both before they were loaded onto planes and once inside the belly. 31 employees have been arrested for theft in Miami since 2012, including six this year. Airline customers have reported $2.5million in lost property.
Shannen Hussein lives on a 30-acre farm in Rockbank, 34 kilometres north-west of Melbourne. She spends her days playing with, feeding, and caring for what she estimates to be at least 150 different animals. Her social media accounts are filled with cute and quirky snapshots of some of the animals' unique behaviours on social media .
Carmem Dierks, 60, was running a dodgy dental practice in west Orange County, Florida. She is facing charges of practicing unlicensed dentistry and operating an unregistered dental lab. Authorities discovered hundreds of patient files, two dentist chairs, an X-ray machine and dental molds .
Pippa Middleton was seen enjoying an early evening run in a London park. The 31-year-old is preparing to take part in the 54-mile London to Brighton charity bike ride in June to raise money for charity.
Siem de Jong played 45 minutes for Newcastle's Under-21s team on Wednesday evening. The 26-year-old is close to full fitness after eight-month injury nightmare. De Jong has made just three senior appearances for Newcastle since joining from Ajax for £6million.
Paul Gascoigne's daughter Bianca was mugged by a gang on bikes in central London on Tuesday afternoon. The 28-year-old had her phone stolen which reportedly contained private texts from the former England midfielder. The thieves are understood to have grabbed her phone and then attempted to snatch her bag, but ran away when she fought back.
Serie A club Parma have been deducted four points for breaching financial regulations. The club were declared bankrupt last month and have not paid their players all season. Parma are rooted to the bottom of Serie A with 12 points.
Arsenal should sack Arsene Wenger and sign Jurgen Klopp, says Piers Morgan. Borussia Dortmund boss Klopp announced he will be leaving the club in the summer. Morgan has long been an outspoken critic of Wenger and believes Klopp would do a better job.
Jurgen Klopp will leave Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season after seven years in charge. Klopp has been linked with a move to Manchester City, Liverpool and Arsenal in the past. The 47-year-old has been in charge of Dortmund for seven years and won two Bundesliga titles.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-1 in the Manchester derby at Old Trafford. Ashley Young scored and created two goals for Louis van Gaal's side. The 29-year-old also provided the assist for Marouane Fellaini and Chris Smalling in the win .
Dani Alves is yet to sign a pre-contract agreement with another club. The Brazilian defender is out of contract this summer. Manchester United and Paris Saint-Germain are reportedly interested in signing the 31-year-old.
Gerard Pique set to play his 300th game for Barcelona against Paris Saint-Germain. Spain defender joined Barca in 2008 from Manchester United and has made 299 appearances. Click here for more Barcelona news .
Swansea drew 1-1 with Everton at the Liberty Stadium in Saturday's lunch-time kick-off . Aaron Lennon opened the scoring for the Toffees in the 41st minute before Jonjo Shelvey equalised for the Swans . Wayne Routledge was sent off in the second half for a foul on Seamus Coleman . Shelvey converted from the penalty spot after Coleman handled the ball in the box . Everton boss Roberto Martinez felt his side should have won the game .
Everton could finish in the bottom half of the Premier League for the first time since 2006. Everton played 10 games in Europe this season before being knocked out by Dynamo Kiev. Tim Howard is adamant the Europa League is not to blame for poor season .
Sergey Bubka launched his election manifesto on Wednesday with a promise to crack down on doping. The Ukrainian pole vault great is Sebastian Coe's rival for IAAF president. The 51-year-old said there was 'no acceptance for cheaters' in his manifesto .
Barcelona will make a £50m bid for Juventus midfielder Paul Pogba, according to Spanish press reports. Chelsea are the only rivals for the 22-year-old Frenchman's signature. Lionel Messi has recovered from a foot problem to start for Barcelona against Celta Vigo. Nicolas Gaitan is Benfica's key man in Portugal.
The dog named Foxxy Cleopatra and the reptile called Ryuu can be seen chasing after one another around a coffee table. The video maker said that the Chihuahua never tries to hurt the dragon and loves to chase after him.
A family in Texas became infested with birds after they returned home to find them in their front room. According to the video maker, the birds came in through the chimney and flew around the house .
Spencer Gerlach, 20, told police that he and his ex-wife Keltsie Gerlaches were having a dispute on Wednesday afternoon that escalated into murder. The couple's 15-month-old daughter was unharmed in her crib and was asleep in the next room . Spencer faces first-degree murder charges and was booked at Elder County Jail . The victim's body was sent to medical examiners to determine how many times she was stabbed   .
Robbie Savage posted a photo on Twitter showing the progress he has made in his fitness regime. The Match of the Day pundit took part in BBC's Strictly Come Dancing with Ola Jordan .
Southampton have slipped out of the Champions League places and into seventh in the Premier League. Saints have lost three of their last six games in all competitions. Ronald Koeman blames a change in approach from opponents for slump .
Jordan Spieth has hailed the 'most incredible week' of his life after winning the Masters at Augusta. The 21-year-old is the second youngest Masters winner of all time and the first start-to-finish winner at Augusta in 39 years. Spieth held his nerve in Sunday's final round to finish four shots clear .
Jordan Spieth won the Masters by four shots from Justin Rose and Phil Mickelson. The 21-year-old Texan became the second youngest Masters winner after Tiger Woods in 1997. Rory McIlroy finished fourth after a final round 66 to finish fourth .
British No 2 Aljaz Bedene loses in quarter-finals of Grand Prix Hassan II in Casablanca. Jiri Vesely of Czech Republic will play Daniel Gimeno-Traver in semi-finals. Bedene switched nationality from Slovenia to Great Britain.
Andy Murray is marrying his long-term girlfriend Kim Sears in his hometown of Dunblane on Saturday. The pair have been together for 10 years after meeting at the 2005 US Open. Murray will fly to Barcelona after his nuptials .
Andy Murray is set to marry his long-term girlfriend Kim Sears in Dunblane on Saturday. Murray's current coach Amelie Mauresmo has recently announced she is expecting a baby . The British No 1 has been planning to work with former world No 3 Jonas Bjorkman .
Tom Youngs was sin-binned for a barge on Chris Ashton after 37 minutes at Allianz Park . Leicester were 6-0 up at half-time but Saracens scored two tries with him off to make it 14-6 . Billy Vunipola scored after Youngs' exit and Marcelo Bosch scored after the break . Chris Wyles went over for a third try and with more than half-an-hour left they should have earned bonus point.
Harlequins director of rugby Conor O'Shea believes it is only a matter of time before Marland Yarde returns to the England fold. The 22-year-old wing won the last of his seven caps as a replacement last autumn. Charlie Sharples scored the crucial try in the 70th minute .
England finished on 116-3 to lead by 220 runs at the end of the third day in Antigua. West Indies believe they now dominate England captain Alastair Cook and opening partner Jonathan Trott. The hosts are jubilant that struggling Cook has twice fallen cheaply to the plan of bowling at him full and swinging around off stump   .
Sir Ian Botham tempted to bet on Jimmy Anderson breaking his record of 383 Test wickets. Anderson's wife Daniella and daughter Ruby Luxe watched the action from the stands at the Sir Viv Richards Stadium. Ben Stokes missed out on Jermaine Blackwood's maiden Test century in his sixth match for West Indies.
Alastair Cook failed with the bat for the second time on day three of the first Test in Antigua. The England captain has now gone 61 combined Test and ODI innings without a century. Jonathan Trott was also out cheaply as the first three wickets once again fell for not many . James Tredwell picked up four wickets for England .
Aaron Finch must recover from hamstring injury if he is to play for Yorkshire this summer. Finch had to retire hurt after a quick single for Mumbai Indians in their Indian Premier League match against Rajasthan Royals  .
Steph Curry has led the Golden State Warriors to the top of the Western Conference standings in the regular NBA season. The 27-year-old made 77 consecutive three-point attempts during a recent practice session. Curry made 94 out of his 100 attempts during the practice session during practice.
Kawhi Leonard, Matt Bonner, Patty Mills, Aron Baynes and official mascot The Coyote form band Spuran Spuran. Spurs have won their last 11 matches, including a 107-91 victory over Phoenix Suns in their last match .
Indiana Pacers beat Washington Wizards 99-95 in second overtime to keep playoff hopes alive. C.J. Miles scored 25 points and George Hill added 24 to lead 7-2 spurt to open second overtime. Los Angeles Lakers beat Phoenix Suns .
Aston Villa are six points clear of Queens Park Rangers in 18th place in the Premier League. Christian Benteke believes it would be risky to suggest Villa can be safe from relegation. The Belgian striker has scored eight goals in six games.
Arsenal beat Burnley 1-0 in the Premier League on Saturday to keep up pressure on Chelsea. It was Arsenal's eighth win in a row and their best run since the Invincibles team in 2004. CLICK HERE for more Arsenal news.
Even Sunderland in 15th are a bad weekend away from falling into the relegation zone. There will be five key fixtures between sides in the bottom six this weekend. Have Hull got enough breathing room to survive what looks like the hardest run-in? Are Leicester too far back?
Leicester beat West Brom 2-1 at the Hawthorns on Saturday afternoon . Jamie Vardy scored an injury-time winner to give the Foxes all three points . Nigel Pearson's side remain bottom of the Premier League with seven games to play.
Leicester City beat West Bromwich Albion 3-2 in their Premier League clash on Saturday. Robert Huth and Jamie Vardy scored late goals for the Foxes at The Hawthorns. Nigel Pearson believes his side's fate is in their own hands.
Jamie Vardy scored an injury-time winner to give Leicester a 3-2 win against West Brom. Darren Fletcher opened the scoring for the Baggies after just eight minutes at The Hawthorns. David Nugent equalised for the Foxes before Robert Huth put his side back on level terms . CLICK HERE for more Premier League news.
Branislav Ivanovic was struck on the head by a cigarette lighter during Chelsea's 1-0 win over QPR on Sunday. QPR are unlikely to face disciplinary action over the incident which happened at Loftus Road. The FA will seek observations from each club over incident .
QPR boss Chris Ramsey watched his side hold off league leaders Chelsea for 88 minutes at Loftus Road . Cesc Fabregas scored a late winner to give Chelsea a 1-0 win in the west London derby on Sunday . Ramsey took a moment on the touchline to collect his thoughts after the late strike from the Chelsea midfielder .
Daniel Wass has been watched by Chelsea, Liverpool and Newcastle over the past year. The 25-year-old can play at right back, left back or either wing for the Potters. Mark Hughes has been given licence to spend this summer.
West Ham drew 1-1 with Stoke City at Upton Park on Saturday afternoon. Aaron Cresswell gave the home side the lead after seven minutes with a curling free-kick into the top corner. Marko Arnautovic equalised for Stoke in the 95th minute to earn a point for the visitors. Hammers boss Sam Allardyce admits his side are suffering from a psychological problem at the moment.
Dick Advocaat has refused to rule out staying at Sunderland beyond the end of this season. The 67-year-old has signed a nine-game deal with the Black Cats. Sunderland boss has given his players a five-game survival target .
Tottenham will compete in the 2015 AT&T MLS All Stars game on July 29. The annual showpiece will take place at Dick's Sporting Goods Park, the home of the Colorado Rapids. Tottenham return to the US after a three-match tour last summer.
Former West Brom striker Jeff Astle died aged 59 in 2002 from 'industrial disease' linked to repetitive head injuries sustained playing football. The FA and PFA promised a 10-year study to investigate the connection between head injuries and early on-set dementia. Mail on Sunday investigation last year revealed the research was never carried out. Greg Dyke has vowed there will be no repeat of FA's failure to deliver research .
Cheikhou Kouyate warns West Ham must be ready to face a 'wounded animal' at Manchester City on Sunday. The Hammers have lost four of their last six Premier League games. Click here for more West Ham news.
Carlton Cole's contract at West Ham expires at the end of the season. The striker is unsure if he will be offered a new deal at Upton Park. Sam Allardyce's future at the club is also in limbo .
Lionel Messi wants Celtic to play in the Champions League next season. The Barcelona star has played at Celtic Park three times in Europe during his career. The Bhoys lost 2-1 on aggregate to Maribor in the play-off round of the competition .
Celtic will not play a Saturday league tie after the Scottish Professional Football League's announcement. Parkhead side face Kilmarnock at Parkhead on Wednesday night with the chance to go eight points clear. Aberdeen will play St Johnstone in their final game on May 10 .
Rangers' final-day clash with Hearts has been moved back to Saturday, May 2. The Scottish Professional Football League made the decision after TV broadcaster Sky decided to screen the match live. All other Championship fixtures will now be moved to match the kick-off in Gorgie.
Myles Hippolyte gave Livingston the lead with a brilliant free-kick in the 47th minute. Marius Zaliukas equalised for Rangers two minutes later with a clever back-header. Rangers drop two points behind Hibs in second place in Championship .
Barcelona have reached the landmark in 202 Champions League matches since 1992. Luis Suarez's two goals against PSG took them past 400 Champions League goals. Barcelona still have a long way to go before they catch Real Madrid's 436 goals. Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo are joint-top scorers in the competition .
Barcelona beat Paris Saint-Germain 3-1 in Champions League quarter-final first-leg on Wednesday night. Luis Suarez and Neymar scored two goals each as Barcelona went 3-0 ahead. Gregory van der Wiel pulled one back for the hosts with a deflected effort .
Mario Mandzukic claims Real Madrid defender Daniel Carvajal bit him during Champions League clash. The Atletico Madrid striker was left with a cut on his eye after clash with Sergio Ramos. Atletico travel to Galicia to face Deportivo this weekend in La Liga.
Swansea City host Everton at the Liberty Stadium (Saturday 12.45pm kick-off) Angel Rangel in line for first Swansea start since end of January. Romelu Lukaku is a major doubt for Everton with a hamstring injury. Darron Gibson, Bryan Oviedo and Tony Hibbert also out for Toffees .
Everton host Southampton at Goodison Park (Saturday, 3pm kick-off) Romelu Lukaku will be given a late fitness test on a hamstring problem. Steven Davis is a doubt for Southampton after suffering a groin injury on international duty for Northern Ireland on Sunday .
Burnley midfielder Matt Taylor could make return from seven-and-a-half month achilles injury lay-off. Dean Marney and Kevin Long remain on long-term absentee list for Clarets. Laurent Koscielny and Wojciech Szczesny face fitness tests for Arsenal on Saturday .
Raheem Sterling and Jordon Ibe pictured smoking from a shisha pipe at Melwood on Wednesday morning. The pair were pictured together at a London shisha cafe earlier this season. Sterling is expected to meet Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers on Thursday. The 20-year-old will be reminded of his professional responsibilities and warned about the consequences of taking drugs.
Raheem Sterling was caught on video inhaling the legal high nitrous oxide. The Liverpool forward is expected to meet Brendan Rodgers on Thursday to be reminded of his responsibilities. Sterling has been pictured smoking from a shisha pipe twice in the past few days   .
Sir Bradley Wiggins will attempt to break cycling's hour record on June 7. The four-time Olympic champion will race in front of a sell-out crowd at London's Olympic Velodrome. The current Hour record is 52.491km, set by Australian Rohan Dennis in February .
Matt Prior's ONE Pro Cycling team has been confirmed in the list of entrants for the first Tour de Yorkshire. The former England cricketer is chief executive of the ONE Pro cycling team. The inaugural event will run over three stages starting in Bridlington on May 1.
John Degenkolb won the Paris-Roubaix, finishing ahead of Bradley Wiggins in 18th. Wiggins led a breakaway with 32 kilometres remaining, but was unable to maintain his lead. Luke Rowe was Sky's best performer, finishing eighth in the race.
Sam Bennett was involved in a 50-rider pile-up in the final kilometre of the Scheldeprijs one day Classic. The 24-year-old was taken to hospital after the crash in Belgium on Monday. The former NetApp-Endura racer suffered severe cuts on his back and shoulders at the race in Belgium .
George Bailey will play the second half of the NatWest T20 Blast for Sussex. Australia batsman will take over from Sri Lanka great Mahela Jayawardene as Sussex's overseas player  .
Manchester United and Chelsea will take part in the International Champions Cup this summer. The Premier League rivals will play in the tournament between July 11 and August 5. Barcelona, Porto, Paris Saint-Germain, Fiorentina, New York Red Bulls and LA Galaxy .
Valencia beat Levante 3-0 at the Mestalla on Monday night. Paco Alcacer and Sofiane Feghouli scored the goals for the home side. Alvaro Negredo completed the victory in added time.
Liverpool midfielder Lucas Leiva and Barcelona's Alex Song are on Inter Milan's list of targets. Stevan Jovetic and Yaya Toure both look set to leave Manchester City in the summer. Alex Song is currently on loan at West Ham United .
Alberto Bueno has scored 17 goals for Rayo Vallecano this season and could soon move to Porto. The 27-year-old is the highest-scoring Spanish-national in La Liga. Bueno played for Derby on loan from Real Madrid in the 2010-11 season .
Daniel Sturridge faces a fight to be fit for Liverpool's FA Cup semi-final against Aston Villa. Sturridge was left out of the squad entirely for Monday night's game against Newcastle United after picking up a knock at Blackburn.
Barcelona threw away a two-goal lead away to Sevilla and let Real Madrid in. Real Madrid beat Eibar 3-0 and are now just two points off in second place. Parma beat Serie A leaders Juventus 1-0 in a shock result in Italy on Saturday .
Barcelona threw away a two-goal lead against Sevilla thanks to individual errors by Claudio Bravo and Gerard Pique. Lionel Messi opened the scoring with a trademark left-footed shot after 14 minutes. Neymar doubled Barcelona's lead with a free-kick after half-an-hour at the Ramon Sanchez.
Dirk Kuyt is returning to Feyenoord after nine years at Liverpool and Fenerbahce. The 34-year-old signed a one-year contract with the Dutch Eredivisie club on Friday night.
Edouard Duplan had no idea he had been substituted midway through the first-half. Referee blew on 24 minutes amid confusion as Utrecht appeared to have 12 players on the pitch. Duplan saw the funny side of the mix-up and hopped over the advertising hoarding to his team-mates on the bench.
Chelsea are in early discussions over a possible partnership with Royal Mouscron-Peruwelz. The Belgian club have been in the top flight for a season since winning promotion via the play-offs last summer. Chelsea already have an agreement with Vitesse Arnhem in Holland and have been looking at other link-ups.
Arsenal beat Burnley 1-0 at Turf Moor to record eighth win in a row in all competitions. Aaron Ramsey scored the only goal of the game in the 12th minute to give Arsene Wenger's side the lead. The Gunners have now won their last eight Premier League games without conceding.
Jordan Spieth leads Charley Hoffman by five strokes at the halfway stage of the Masters. The 21-year-old has shot the lowest 36-hole score in Masters history at 14-under 130. Spieth broke Raymond Floyd's 36- hole scoring record by a stroke and blitzed the first 36 holes. At the age of 21 and playing in his second Masters, Spieth looks in complete control. Click here for more Masters news.
Dustin Johnson became the first man ever to have three eagles in one round at the Masters . The 21-year-old set a new 36-hole record total of 14 under par, beating the old mark of 13 under set by Ray Floyd . Tiger Woods shot a commendable 69, his first score in the sixties in 15 rounds in majors .
Derry Mathews will take on Ismael Barroso for the interim WBA world title on April 18. Liverpool ace was set to fight Cuban WBA champion Richar Abril for the title. AbrIL has been elevated to 'champion in recess' .
Josh Warrington will box in front of 10,000 passionate fans in Leeds on Saturday. The featherweight is quickly becoming one of Britain's best-supported fighters. Sportsmail looks at some of the other celebrities that have added some sparkle to ring walks. Click here for more boxing news.
Manny Pacquiao takes to Instagram to thank Spike Lee and Tito Mikey for their support. The 36-year-old also thanks NBA legend Karl Malone for visiting him at the gym. The pair will go head-to-head in a $300million mega-fight.
Danny Garcia is set to fight Lamont Peterson in a non-title fight in New York on Saturday. The light welterweight champion revealed he has an extra toe on his right foot. Garcia knocked out Rod Salka in his last fight to take his professional record to 29-0 with 17 KOs.
Andy Murray will marry Kim Sears in his hometown of Dunblane on Saturday. The couple met when the pair were teenagers during the US Open in 2005. Murray and Sears got back together in 2010 following a brief split. The British No 1 became the first British man in 77 years to win Wimbledon.
Floyd Mayweather Jnr and Manny Pacquiao will fight on May 2 at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas. Mayweather is down to within three-and-a-half pounds of the welterweight limit ahead of mega-fight .
Bayern Munich face Porto in the Champions League quarter-final first leg on Wednesday night. Xabi Alonso has his sights on winning Champions League with three different clubs. The 33-year-old won the title with Liverpool and Real Madrid in his first two seasons in Europe. Bayern Munich face the Portuguese side at the Dragao Stadium .
Karim Benzema believes Real Madrid are capable of retaining the Champions League. Real Madrid face Atletico Madrid in the final of the competition on Tuesday. James Rodriguez says it's a pleasure to work with Carlo Ancelotti at Real Madrid .
Atletico Madrid face Real Madrid in the Champions League quarter-final first leg on Tuesday night. Diego Simeone has turned Atletico around since joining the club in December 2011. The Argentinian has imposed his incredible work ethic on his players. Sime one's side have won the Europa League, European Super Cup and Copa del Rey this season .
Real Madrid host Atletico Madrid in Champions League quarter-final first leg on Tuesday. Carlo Ancelotti hails Diego Simeone as one of the best coaches in the world. The Italian admits facing Atletico is both an 'honour' and a 'problem' .
Monaco coach Leonardo Jardim believes Juventus are a better team than Arsenal. Arsene Wenger refused to shake hands with Monaco coach after 3-1 win in first leg of Champions League quarter-final. Arsenal have won their last eight games in the Barclays Premier League  .
Juventus face Monaco in the Champions League quarter-final first leg on Tuesday. Carlos Tevez is worshipped by Juventus fans and has scored six Champions League goals this season. Massimiliano Allegri is hoping to end 19 years of Champions League hurt by taking the Bianconeri to glory .
Mark Clattenburg will take charge of Paris Saint-Germain vs Barcelona in Champions League quarter-final first leg. The English referee will be assisted by five other English officials at the Parc des Princes. Martin Atkinson not selected for this week's first leg tie .
Juventus take on AS Monaco in the Champions League quarter-final first leg on Tuesday. Massimiliano Allegri expects a 'boring' match in Turin. Andrea Pirlo has returned to training after recovering from a calf injury .
Carlos Tevez says it is harder to score goals in Serie A than the Premier League. The Argentine has scored 36 league goals in the Italian top flight since joining Juventus. Tevez won the Champions League with Manchester United in 2008 .
Jose Mauri scored the only goal of the game as Parma beat Juventus 1-0 in Serie A on Saturday. Parma were declared bankrupt last month and the players have not been paid all season. Juventus, which hosts Monaco in the Champions League on Tuesday, has a 14-point lead over Roma, which visits Torino.
Nicky Law scored twice in Rangers' 4-0 win against Raith Rovers on Sunday. Brighton, Birmingham and Reading are showing the strongest interest in the striker. Former Rangers star Lewis Macleod has not played for Brentford since January.
Bournemouth moved four points clear at the top of the Championship with a win against Brighton. Yann Kermorgant opened the scoring with a sweetly-taken free-kick in the 70th minute . Callum Wilson doubled the Cherries' lead in the 81st minute with a sublime finish . Eddie Howe's side set a club record 106 goals in all competitions, beating 104 from the 1956-57 and 1928-29 seasons .
Blackburn lost 2-1 to Liverpool in the FA Cup quarter-finals on Wednesday night. Manager Gary Bowyer believes the club should brace themselves for interest in their players. Bowyer has rejected advances for Jordan Rhodes and Rudy Gestede.
Luis Suarez scored twice as Barcelona beat PSG 3-1 in Champions League quarter-final on Wednesday night. The Uruguayan striker scored Barcelona's 1,000th goal in European competition. Lionel Messi shared an image of the pair together inside the Parc des Princes dressing room.
Bayern Munich take on Porto in the Champions League quarter-final first leg on Wednesday night. Pep Guardiola is bidding to reach his sixth Champions League semi-final in six years as a manager. Former Barcelona boss led his side to Champions League glory in 2009 and 2011 .
Reading face Arsenal in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Saturday. Steve Clarke has told his players not to get caught up in FA Cup euphoria. It has been 88 years since the Royals last reached the last-four juncture of the competition.
Jurgen Klopp has told Borussia Dortmund he wants to leave at the end of the season, according to reports in Germany. The 47-year-old believes he has taken the Bundesliga club as far as he can and wants a new challenge. The club have called a press conference for Wednesday at 12.30pm .
Wednesday marked the 26th anniversary of the Hillsborough disaster that unfolded during an FA Cup semi-final between Liverpool and Nottingham Forest. Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers, chief executive Ian Ayre and the entire Liverpool squad attended. Former players including Kenny Dalglish, Ian Rush, Robbie Fowler and Jamie Carragher.
Stephen Dodd took a photograph of Asif Bodi and Abubakar Bhula praying at Anfield last month. He posted it online with the caption: 'Muslims praying at half time at the match yesterday #DISGRACE' .
Barcelona beat Paris Saint-Germain 3-0 in their Champions League tie at the Parc de Princes on Wednesday night. Luis Suarez scored twice to give Barcelona the lead before Neymar doubled their lead. Edinson Cavani failed to deliver the goods for PSG and looked out-of-sorts. CLICK HERE for all the latest Barcelona news.
Bayer Leverkusen lost 5-3 on penalties to Bayern Munich in the DFB-Pokal quarter-final on Wednesday night. Bosnian defender Emir Spahic was substituted in the 90th minute with an ankle injury. Footage shows him fighting with stadium staff.
Police say they have no objections to Manchester derby starting in the late afternoon. Chief Superintendent John O'Hare says the 4pm kick-off was agreed by all parties. The decision is down to good behaviour from supporters of each side, says GMP. Click here for Manchester derby news .
Paris Saint-Germain thrashed Saint-Etienne 4-1 to reach French Cup final. Zlatan Ibrahimovic scored a hat-trick to take his career tally to 102 goals. PSG will face Auxerre in the final on May 30.
Liverpool beat Blackburn 1-0 in their FA Cup quarter-final replay at Ewood Park on Wednesday. Philippe Coutinho scored the winner with 20 minutes to play to set up a semi-final clash with Aston Villa. Blackburn goalkeeper Simon Eastwood almost scored a dramatic late equaliser for the Championship outfit. Liverpool will now face Villa in the semi-finals at Wembley on Saturday .
Liverpool players Raheem Sterling and Jordon Ibe have been pictured smoking from a shisha pipe. The images will be a concern to clubs considering parting with £40million to sign Sterling. The 20-year-old will be lectured on the dangers of nitrous oxide when he meets with Brendan Rodgers tomorrow  .
Will Stevens has yet to compete in qualifying or the race for Manor this season. The 23-year-old missed the opening two races of the season in Australia and Malaysia due to a fuel system issue .
Justin Carney dislocated his elbow in Castleford's 25-4 win over Hull KR last Saturday. Australian winger will be out for up to two months after being told he needs elbow surgery .
Aaron Cook was overlooked for the Great Britain taekwondo squad at London 2012. The 24-year-old has been granted citizenship by Moldova and plans to fight for them in Rio 2016. The British Olympic Association could yet block the move  .
Nathan Hughes accidentally knocked out George North as he crossed the line for Northampton on March 27. The Wasps No 8 was initially suspended for three matches, but the ban has now been rescinded. Hughes missed his side's Champions Cup quarter-final loss to Toulon last Sunday as he awaited his appeal hearing.
Carl Hayman admits Toulon 'have a lot of work to do' to secure third consecutive European title. Bernard Laporte's men were distinctly underwhelmed by their performance levels in Sunday's 32-18 quarter-final victory over Wasps at the Felix Mayol.
Toulon beat Wasps 26-6 in their European Champions Cup quarter-final clash. Mathieu Bastareaud and Ali Williams scored tries for the defending champions. Alex Lozowski and Will Helu crossed for tries for Wasps in the second half. Williams crossed for a late try for Toulon which distorted the final scoreline .
Michael Phelps has won 22 Olympic medals, 18 of them golds, but was banned from swimming in September. The 29-year-old will compete at the Arena Pro Swim Series event in Mesa, Arizona, from April 15-18 .
Milinda Gunasekera, 32, was flying home from a holiday in Chile on October 29. He was changing flights at Auckland Airport for the final leg of his trip. The Western Australian resident downed a bottle of vodka in the airport toilets. He then allegedly groped a female passenger's breast .
William 'Frankie' Dugan, 29, and 32-year-old Valerie Ojo were charged in March after they allegedly committed sodomy, incest and exploitation against two children, aged 5 and 6. Police in Muskogee, Oklahoma announced on Wednesday that they were searching for other potential victims of the couple who were arrested last month  .
Caroline Wozniacki was joined by Houston Texans star J.J. Watt in the stands at the game in Indianapolis, Indiana. The Duke Blue Devils were beaten 68-63 by the University of Wisconsin Badgers .
Caroline Wozniacki was invited to The White House on Monday to take part in the annual Easter Egg Roll. The Danish ace participated in this year's themed #gimmefive campaign aimed at promoting more active and healthy lifestyles .
Chris Lane, 22, was shot in the back as he ran along a road in Duncan, Oklahoma, in August 2013. Chancey Luna, 17, has been charged with first-degree murder after allegedly shooting him. Family and friends, along with his then girlfriend Sarah Harper, broke down in court as they listened to the frantic seven-minute 911 call made by witnesses who tried to save him.
Pablo Osvaldo wants Andrea Pirlo and Francesco Totti to join him at Boca Juniors. The 29-year-old believes that the Italian duo would be a good fit for the Argentinian side. Click here for all the latest Boca news .
Incident occurred at Ben Gurion International Airport in Israel moments before take-off. Six people on board were forced to jump onto the runway to escape the flames. Officials are investigating how and why the fire broke.
Manchester United take on Manchester City at Old Trafford on Sunday. Louis van Gaal says he has been dreaming of beating rivals City in the derby. Robin van Persie is not fit enough to play after suffering ankle injury. Click here for Manchester United transfer news.
Manchester United host Manchester City at Old Trafford in the Premier League derby on Sunday. Louis van Gaal's side have hit form at the right time, while Manuel Pellegrini's side are struggling. Sportsmail looks at how a composite XI of the sides might take shape. David de Gea edges out Joe Hart for the goalkeeper spot, while Ander Herrera is the man of the moment .
Manchester City host Manchester United in the Premier League derby on Sunday. Manuel Pellegrini is under pressure at City and a defeat to United would be unthinkable. Louis van Gaal's side have never lost five in a row to City before but have won three of the last four. Wayne Rooney and Sergio Aguero are the two best strikers in the game, according to Sportsmail.
Manchester United face Manchester City in the Manchester derby on Sunday. Louis van Gaal says he is not worried about the prospect of facing Man City at Old Trafford. The Dutchman believes City will not be as defensive-minded as Aston Villa were against Villa .
Manchester City have lost five of their last seven games in all competitions. They travel to Old Trafford to face Manchester United on Sunday in the Premier League. Manuel Pellegrini says he is not impressed by United's rise up the table. He points out expensive signings such as Angel di Maria and Daley Blind.
Manchester United face Manchester City at the Etihad Stadium on Sunday. Wayne Rooney has been deployed in midfield this season and United had struggled . The 29-year-old has scored four goals in his last five Premier League games. Louis van Gaal is set to unleash an in-form Rooney on City on Sunday .
Jermain Defoe scored a stunning 20-yard volley to give Sunderland the lead against Newcastle. Newcastle goalkeeper Tim Krul appeared to congratulate Defoe on his goal at half-time. Jamie Carragher said Krul's actions were 'not good sportsmanship' but Krul later defended his actions.
Jermain Defoe scored the winner in Sunderland's 1-0 win over Newcastle on Sunday. The striker says his stunning volley proves he is worth his £80,000-per-week wages at the club .
Jermain Defoe scored a stunning left-footed volley to fire Sunderland into a 1-0 lead against Newcastle. The 32-year-old striker scored his third goal of the season in Sunday's win at the Stadium of Light .
Sunderland beat Newcastle 1-0 in the Tyne-Wear derby at the Stadium of Light. Jermain Defoe scored a stunning volley in first-half stoppage time to secure a vital win for the Black Cats.
Jermain Defoe scored the only goal of the game in the 45th minute to give Sunderland a 1-0 lead against Newcastle United. The former Tottenham striker scored his third goal for the Black Cats in the North East derby. The 32-year-old struck a left-footed volley just before the half-time whistle.
Boy, who cannot be named, must stay in the care of his local authority due to poor dental health. Details emerged at a family court hearing in Reading, Berkshire, by Judge Eleanor Owens. Judge said parents accepted son had suffered from 'poor dental hygiene' due to sugar diet.
Pekingese Marley and Mitzy had been left to play in the front garden by their owners Adele and Steven Worgan. But they were snatched when the couple weren’t looking - and neighbours believe they have caught the culprit on CCTV  .
Every woman surveyed in Paris claimed to have been a victim of some kind of sexual harassment. Half of them were assaulted before they were 18 years old. Poll led to calls for campaign to stem sexist or threatening behaviour.
Lady Sasima Srivikorn is co-chairman of Reading Football Club with Sir John Madejski. She is also a singer and composer who wrote the Asian Games theme song. Reading face Arsenal in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Saturday . CLICK HERE for all the latest Reading news  .
Mario Balotelli has received more than 4,000 racist messages on social media this season. Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers says he is 'surprised and shocked' by the level of abuse. Liverpool team-mate Daniel Sturridge and Arsenal striker Danny Welbeck have also been targeted .
Britain's Adam Peaty has broken the men's 100m breast stroke world record with a time of 57.92 seconds. The 20-year-old beat the previous record of 58.46 set by Cameron van der Burgh in 2012 .
Former Aston Villa frontman joined regular hosts Martin Roberts and Lucy Alexander on Monday morning. Dublin looked to help a brother and sister-in-law put some life into a three bedroom semi-detached house in Dartford .
Manchester United face Chelsea at Stamford Bridge in the Premier League on Saturday. Louis van Gaal faces a number of selection dilemmas ahead of the clash. Wayne Rooney may have to play in midfield after Michael Carrick and Daley Blind were ruled out. Marcos Rojo and Phil Jones also ruled out of the game through injury. Luke Shaw and Radamel Falcao could both start up front against Jose Mourinho's side. CLICK HERE for all the latest Manchester United news .
Michael Carrick, Daley Blind, Phil Jones and Marcos Rojo are all out for Manchester United. Louis van Gaal will be without four players capable of filling two key positions against Chelsea. Wayne Rooney could be asked to drop back into midfield against Jose Mourinho's side. Luke Shaw is set to take over from Blind at left back despite fitness concerns. Robin van Persie has not yet been passed fit enough to return from injury .
Blackpool fan Frank Knight forced to pay £20,000 in damages for making defamatory comments on Facebook. Another supporter is awaiting a court date with the Oystons after making similar allegations. Blackpool fans have been protesting against the Oyston family before matches .
Shay Given will start for Aston Villa against Liverpool in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Sunday. The 38-year-old has played in all four of Villa's FA Cup matches this season. Tim Sherwood says he will keep faith in his deputy goalkeeper .
Luke Shaw was substituted at half time against Arsenal in the FA Cup last month. Louis van Gaal substituted the £28million defender, telling him he was not fit enough to play. Shaw has not played since and was withdrawn from the recent England squad. He is struggling to come to terms with his new life and has turned to United's psychologist of late.
Philippe Coutinho joined Liverpool from Inter Milan for £8.5m in 2013. The Brazil playmaker has been nominated for the PFA Player of the Year award. Inter sporting director Piero Ausilio admits selling Coutinho.
Chris Zebroski jailed for four years and four months for robbery, attempted robbery and assault. The 28-year-old admitted four charges relating to two incidents at Swindon Crown Court . Newport County have sacked the former Cheltenham, Bristol Rovers and Millwall.
Newcastle have won just two games under John Carver since he replaced Alan Pardew. Carver says he's enjoying his role at St James' Park and believes he's getting the best out of players. Click here for more.
Wales climbed to 22, their highest-ever position in football's world order, in the April rankings. Chris Coleman's side are unbeaten in Euro 2016 qualifying and would be within touching distance of the finals in France if they beat Belgium in June . CLICK HERE for all the latest Wales news .
Ash Handley scored a hat-trick of tries in Leeds' 41-16 win over St Helens. The Rhinos are now six points clear at the top of Super League after the win on Friday night.
Ramiul Sheikh, 50, was violently knocked to the ground after desperately trying to outrun the animal. The herd invaded the village in the Murshidabad district of the country, destroying crops and houses. Footage captured by frightened onlooker.
Mesut Ozil says he is playing his best football since joining Arsenal in the summer of 2013. The German star was off the pace at the start of the season, but is now back to his best. Ozil was a key player in Germany's World Cup win, and admits it took a lot out of him.
The pilot was trying to land the aircraft at Fort Lauderdale Executive Airport on Sunday. The unnamed pilot declared an emergency but the plane crashed into a wooded area close to the runway. The cause for the crash is not yet known.
Author Martin Fletcher claims the devastating fire was not an accident and has revealed a sequence of other blazes at businesses owned by or associated with Stafford Heginbotham, the club's chairman at the time. West Yorkshire police today said they would review any fresh evidence surrounding the tragedy. The fire broke out near half-time of Bradford's game against Lincoln on May 11, 1985. It was the worst stadium fire in the history of British football and left 56 dead.
The fire began around 11:30 a.m. Sunday on Tupper Street in downtown Buffalo, WGRZ reported. Police evacuated two buildings as smoke came out of manholes. A Buffalo Fire Department official said the second of three explosions sent one of the manhole covers 200 to 300 feet into the air. There were no injuries  .
The seven women and five men who voted to find Aaron Hernandez guilty of murdering Odin Lloyd sat down with CNN's Anderson Cooper on Thursday to talk about the trial that has consumed their lives for the past three months. The group deliberated for 35 hours over the course of a week, and decided that certain aspects of the case warranted a life in prison without the possibility of parole.
Rademenes is the resident feline nurse at an animal shelter in Bydgoszcz, northern Poland. The green-eyed moggy was rescued by the shelter in October after he contracted an inflamed respiratory tract infection and lost his hair.
Sculpture of Yu The Great's wife has been worn down and discolored by sightseers. Officials in Wuhan, China's capital city, accuse tourists of damaging sculpture.
SeaWorld has released an almost five-year-old video depicting ex-trainer John Hargrove using the N-word seven times. The video was recorded by an 'internal whistle-blower' and released by the company to reporters . It comes days after the trainer's release of a book criticizing the company's treatment of animals. In the five-minute video he discusses an incident in which five black men allegedly threw a rock at a woman speaking on the other line that hit her in the head . The trainer, who also featured prominently in the CNN documentary Blackfish, says SeaWorld is mounting a smear campaign against him to distract from his message.
Video maker and artist uses four plastic cups and a marker pen to create unique creations. He rotates through the various hairstyles drawn on the cups before selecting a pair of glasses to add to his creation.
Dog named Stains had its coat trimmed to resemble a lion when its owners sent it to the groomers. The dog's owner laughs hysterically while videoing his pet sitting alongside two other dogs at home.
Brian the lar gibbon, who is 50-years-old, was videoed by Amanda Dorman from South Lanarkshire, Scotland. The seven-second video shows the critter sneaking across in its enclosure while looking back and forth at the filmmaker.
Former Melbourne woman Dullel Kassab fled to Raqqa in Syria with her children last year. The children's paternal grandparents say they are worried Kassab, 28, is 'brainwashing' the children. Kassab regularly boasts on Twitter that her children sleep with toy guns next to their beds and her daughter likes watching IS videos of 'Muslims killing bad ppl'
Gemma the pit bull was filmed at home in California being fed some treats. But in a bid to trick her, her owner throws a broccoli spear into the mix. Immediately the canine pulls a look of disgust .
Kristina Patrick from Alaska filmed her German Shepherd Pakak performing a very skillful trick. Video footage shows the pup lying on her back with a tennis ball between paws.
Aaron Ramsey has scored 25 goals for Arsenal since the start of last season. The Welsh midfielder scored the only goal of the game against Burnley at Turf Moor. Ramsey dedicated his goal to his late Gran who passed away a few weeks ago.
Jessica Ennis-Hill won heptathlon gold at the London 2012 Olympics. The 29-year-old will compete in the Sainsbury's Anniversary Games in London this July. She has not competed since 2013 as she took time off to become a mother.
Manchester City are keen to sign Anderlecht youngster Evangelos Patoulidis. The 14-year-old is regarded as one of the best talents to emerge from the Belgian club's youth set-up. Arsenal and Barcelona have also shown interest .
Blackpool are in talks to sign Austria defender Thomas Piermayr. The 25-year-old has been training with the Championship club this week. The former Austria U21 international had a spell with Inverness .
The blood parrot cichlid is a hybrid of the midas and the redhead cichLid and was first bred in Taiwan around 1986. The man massages and plays with his fish for at least 15 minutes.
Aaron Galloway, 23, was on a half-term city break to Prague when he left his camera on the seat. When he got home, he went on eBay to find a replacement and found his own camera for sale. He messaged seller Fernando Miguel Andrade Viseu, who confessed to the theft. The thief begged Aaron not to tell police and said he would lose his job. Ryanair have now sacked him .
Manchester City will resist any attempt by Valencia to pull out of a £24million deal for Alvaro Negredo. Negredo joined Valencia on loan last summer and the agreement included a compulsory purchase clause that triggered a permanent move to the Mestalla.
Mauricio Pochettino believes another season in the Europa League could hamper Tottenham's top-four hopes. Spurs were knocked out of the competition by Fiorentina earlier this month. Spurs face Newcastle at White Hart Lane in the Premier League on Sunday .
Liverpool intend to speak to Jon Flanagan about a new contract at the end of the season. The defender's deal is set to expire this summer. Brendan Rodgers is keen to keep Flanagan at the club .
Rory McIlroy and Tiger Woods were paired together for the final round of the Masters at Augusta. The world No 1 finished on 12 under par, six shots behind the eventual winner. Jordan Spieth won his first major title with a four-shot victory at Augusta National Golf Club .
Maria Sharapova has pulled out of Russia's Fed Cup semi-final against Germany with a leg injury. Venus Williams has withdrawn from USA's World Group play-off against Italy due to personal reasons. Click here for more Fed Cup news .
Sania Mirza is the first Indian to reach the top of the WTA doubles ranking. The 28-year-old won her third successive doubles title with Martina Hingis on Sunday. Mirza had once been tipped for success as a singles player.
Angelique Kerber beat Madison Keys 6-2, 4-6, 7-5 in the final of the Family Circle Cup in Charleston. This was Kerber's fourth WTA title and first since Linz in 2013. Keys finished with 57 unforced errors, Kerber 21.
Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg finished one-two at the Chinese Grand Prix on Sunday. Rosberg accused Hamilton of being 'selfish' after the race in Shanghai . Mercedes boss Toto Wolff says the pair have been reminded of their responsibilities to the team  .
Mercedes boss Toto Wolff says team may have to make 'unpopular call' for their drivers. Nico Rosberg and Lewis Hamilton will have to deal with pressure from Ferrari this season. Mercedes have won two of the first three races .
Mika Hakkinen says Lewis Hamilton is getting inside teammate Nico Rosberg's head. Rosberg accused Hamilton of deliberately compromising his race at last weekend's Chinese Grand Prix. Former world champion says Hamilton was well within his rights to look after himself . Click here for more Formula news.
Nico Rosberg criticised Lewis Hamilton after Sunday's Chinese Grand Prix. Mercedes team-mate claimed Hamilton selfishly slowed during the middle part of the race. Rosberg has been out-qualified and out-raced by Hamilton so far this season.
Lewis Hamilton beat Nico Rosberg to win the Chinese Grand Prix on Sunday. Rosberg claimed he had been 'selfish' by slowing down while leading the race . Hamilton said he was running his own race and conserving his tyres as best suited him  .
Tom Varndell scored a hat-trick as Wasps beat London Welsh 40-13 at the Kassam Stadium. Ashley Johnson, Sailosi Tagicakibau and Alapati Leiua also crossed for Wasps. Chris Elder scored two tries for the Exiles.
Aaron Cook's application to switch allegiances to Moldova has been approved. The 24-year-old is ranked No 2 in the world in the sub-80kg class. Cook has not competed for GB since London 2012 .
Michael Phelps is aiming to compete in a fifth Olympics next year in Rio. But the 18-time Olympic champion won't swim in the world championships this summer. Phelps confirmed his intention to make one last run at the Olympics on Wednesday. He will be competing in his first meet since serving a six-month suspension by USA Swimming after a second drunken driving arrest .
Leicester host Swansea on Saturday just three points from safety in the Premier League. The Foxes have won back-to-back games but remain bottom of the table. Nigel Pearson has urged his players to focus on their own job and not worry about their relegation rivals .
Raheem Sterling has been pictured smoking a shisha pipe with Liverpool team-mate Jordon Ibe. Here, Sportsmail details five other Premier League stars involved in similar incidents. Jack Wilshere, Diego Maradona, Saido Berahino and Paul Merson.
Celtic came from a goal down to beat Kilmarnock 4-1 at Parkhead on Wednesday night. Leigh Griffiths scored a hat-trick after coming off the bench to spark Celtic into life. Kris Commons and Griffiths both scored in the second half.
Rangers fined £5,500 by Scottish FA for breaching 'dual ownership' rules. Newcastle owner Mike Ashley owns 9.82 per cent of Ibrox club. Ashley gave the club's old board a £5million loan.
Real Madrid could be set to play in a grey and yellow away kit next season. The European champions' home kit will feature three grey stripes and a greyed-out badge. The away kit will be grey, including the club badge, with a slight yellow trim and a yellow trim.
Maria Sharapova will play for Russia against Germany in the Fed Cup semi-finals next week. World No 2 will be part of the Russian team facing Germany on April 18-19. Playing in the team event helps her become eligible for Olympics.
Juan Mata scored both goals as Manchester United beat Liverpool 2-1 at Anfield. The Spain international also scored in 3-0 win over Tottenham at Old Trafford. Louis van Gaal's side return to Premier League action against Aston Villa .
US President Barack Obama became the first American president to visit the island nation since 1982. He met Usain Bolt, the fastest sprinter of all time, during his visit to Jamaica. Obama said he 'had to say hi' to the world-class sprinter when he met him on Thursday.
Usain Bolt will compete at the IAAF/BTC World Relays in the Bahamas next month. The six-time Olympic gold medallist will be part of the Jamaican team. Bolt insists he is fit, healthy and ready to run.
Michael Phelps is entered in five events at this week's Arena Pro Swim Series in Mesa, Arizona. It will be his first meet since serving a six-month ban following a drunk-driving conviction. Phelps has won 22 Olympic medals, 18 golds.
Louis van Gaal has won a battle to install floodlights at the club's Carrington training ground. The Manchester United boss was stunned to find players could not train after dark at the swish complex. Sportsmail understands Van Gaal is keen to replicate match conditions during sessions to replicate conditions.
Edwin van der Sar is convinced Louis van Gaal will bring glory days back to Manchester United. United head to Chelsea on Saturday in top form, having won six successive matches. Van der Sar admits the title is probably beyond United's grasp but thinks they can win trophies .
Andy Murray will marry Kim Sears in his hometown of Dunblane on Saturday afternoon. The world No 3 posted a series of 'emojis' on Twitter on the morning of his wedding day. The pair have been together for 10 years after meeting at the 2005 US Open and announced their engagement last November.
Emmanuel Adebayor insists he is happy to stay at Tottenham and fight for his place at White Hart Lane. The 31-year-old has made just 16 appearances in all competitions this season, scoring only twice. The striker joined Spurs in 2011 from Manchester City on loan for £5million.
Tottenham will subsidise Emmanuel Adebayor's £100,000-per-week wages this summer. The Togolese striker is out of favour at White Hart Lane under Mauricio Pochettino. CLICK HERE for all the latest Tottenham transfer news .
Wolfsburg beat Freiburg 1-0 to reach the German Cup semi-finals. Ricardo Rodriguez scored a second-half penalty to secure the win for Wolfsburg. They join Borussia Dortmund in the final four after beating Hoffenheim.
Andre Schurrle scored his first goal for Wolfsburg since joining from Chelsea in February. The 24-year-old thanked Wolfsburg supporters for their patience as they beat Stuttgart 3-1 on Saturday.
PSG lost 3-1 to Barcelona in their Champions League quarter-final first leg on Wednesday night. David Luiz was nutmegged twice by Luis Suarez in the build-up to the Uruguayan's two goals. Sky Sports pundit Glenn Hoddle described Luiz as a 'liability at the back' Thierry Henry also questioned the player's fitness  .
Oriol Romeu is currently on loan at Bundesliga side Stuttgart from Chelsea. Sportsmail's Martin Keown predicts the scores for the weekend's Premier League and FA Cup matches. Leaders Chelsea welcome Manchester United to Stamford Bridge on Saturday night .
Bayern Munich were beaten 3-1 by Porto in the Champions League quarter-final first leg on Wednesday. Thomas Muller, Manuel Neuer and the rest of the squad flew back to Germany on Thursday. The defeat was the price the five-time European champions paid for injuries.
Porto beat Bayern Munich 3-1 in the first leg of their Champions League quarter-final on Wednesday night. Two goals from Ricardo Quaresma and another from Jackson Martinez saw the Portuguese side progress to the last eight of the competition .
Bayern Munich lost 3-1 to Porto in the Champions League on Wednesday night. Pep Guardiola remains Manchester City's first choice to replace Manuel Pellegrini. Guardiola has a year remaining on his contract but a quarter-final Champions League exit could be a problem. The 44-year-old has never exited before the semi-final stage.
Christian Benteke has scored eight goals in his last six games for Aston Villa. The Belgium striker has scored a goal every 87 minutes since Tim Sherwood took over at Villa Park. He scored the winning goal for Villa against Tottenham on Saturday . The Red Devils travel to Anfield in the Premier League on Sunday in the FA Cup.
Kick It Out have welcomed the successful prosecution of a supporter who racially abused Jason Brown. John Wild was found guilty of racially abusing Brown while he was playing for Dartford. Brown criticised Kick It Out for not doing enough to help him in his case from October last year.
Torpedo Moscow must play two home games in an empty stadium after fans displayed a Nazi banner. The punishment will not take effect until May because Torpedo are already required to play their next two games behind closed doors. The club's previous three racism offenses this season all involved monkey chants against opposition players.
Black players of Milan's under-10 team were allegedly subject to racist abuse during Sunday's win. Milan says it does 'not want to magnify the issue' and 'truly hopes that these reports aren't true'
Kevin Pietersen scored 170 for Surrey in The Parks as he bids to earn a recall to the England squad. Agent Adam Wheatley insists everything has been done in-house since the brief involvement of former Sun editor David Yelland during KP's supposed reintegration into the England team in 2012 .
Aidan Coleman is hoping to banish his Crabbie's Grand National blues at Aintree on Saturday. The 26-year-old rides well-backed The Druids Nephew, stepping in for broken leg victim Barry Geraghty on the Neil Mulholland-trained geld.
Wigan Warriors beat Warrington Warriors 30-20 in the Super League derby. Ben Flower was given the honour of leading Wigan's victory song in the dressing room. Dom Manfredi scored his second hat-trick of tries in five days .
Dom Manfredi scored a hat-trick for the second time in five days as Wigan beat Warrington 30-20. Ben Flower returned to action after serving six-month ban for punching Lance Hohaia. Sam Tomkins re-signs from New Zealand Warriors .
Sam Tomkins has agreed to rejoin Wigan on a four-year contract from 2016. The 26-year-old has cut short his stay in the NRL with New Zealand Warriors after becoming homesick  .
Swansea's Gerhard Tremmel could prove a useful acquisition for a newly-promoted side. Glen Johnson looks set to leave Liverpool after six years at Anfield. Ron Vlaar could leave Aston Villa after being left out of the World Cup team of the tournament. Manchester City's James Milner could leave as a free agent this summer  .
Leicester host Swansea on Saturday looking for a third straight win in the Premier League. Nigel Pearson's side have beaten West Ham and West Brom in their last two games. The Foxes face Swansea at the Liberty Stadium .
Gianni Paladini has registered as a director of a new Bradford City holding company. The former QPR chief is keen on taking over the reins at League One side Bradford . Bradford were beaten 6-0 at home by Bristol City on Tuesday .
Jenna Louise Driscoll, 25, was due to appear at Brisbane Magistrates Court on Monday. She was charged last year with three counts of bestiality, along with charges of trafficking and possession of a dangerous drug. Police were carrying out checks on her phone for suspected drug trafficking when they discovered the three videos. She is now wanted on seven drug charges and unlawful wounding charges.
Real Madrid drew 0-0 with city rivals Atletico Madrid in the Champions League on Tuesday night. Gareth Bale was verbally abused by supporters outside the club's training ground on Wednesday morning. The £86million signing was singled out by those waiting for the players to leave the training base. Bale has become a scapegoat for the club and was slaughtered by Spanish media after his one-on-one.
Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain has been ruled out of the FA Cup semi-final against Reading with a groin injury. Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger hopes he will be back in full training by the end of next week. Jack Wilshere will return to the first-team squad to face Reading at Wembley  .
West Ham striker Diafra Sakho is out for the rest of the season after tearing a thigh muscle. The 25-year-old was forced off after 59 minutes during their 1-1 draw against Stoke City. Senegal international has scored 12 goals this season .
West Ham United manager Sam Allardyce believes his squad are unable to deal with the rigours of a full Premier League season. The Hammers started strongly against Stoke before wasting their efforts with a lack of concentration late on. Marko Arnautovic scored a 95th-minute equaliser to once again see West Ham lose points late on .
Swansea host Everton at the Liberty Stadium on Saturday afternoon. Garry Monk's side have won their last three Premier League games. Roberto Martinez is hoping to continue his good form against his former side .
Swansea manager Garry Monk will hold talks with Michu before making decision on Spaniard's future. Michu has spent a frustrating season on loan at Napoli. Spaniard has scored just five goals in Serie A this season.
Nicola Salerno has resigned from his role as Leeds United's sporting director. The 58-year-old Italian's departure comes six days after assistant head coach Steve Thompson was suspended. Leeds owner Massimo Cellino confirmed Salerno's departure  .
Burnley striker Danny Ings has scored just once in six games this season. Sean Dyche has told Ings to keep on smiling and the goals will return. The Clarets are in the bottom three but just two points from safety. Ashley Barnes insists confidence remains high among the group .
Aston Villa beat Tottenham 1-0 in their Premier League clash at White Hart Lane. Christian Benteke scored the only goal of the game in the 35th minute. Tim Sherwood was visibly delighted at recording a victory with Aston Villa against Tottenham  .
Cristiano Ronaldo scored his first La Liga free-kick in over a year in the 21st minute against Eibar. Javier Hernandez doubled Real Madrid's lead in the 31st minute with a powerful header. Jese completed the win for Real Madrid in the 83th minute with his fifth goal of the season . Manchester United loanee Javier Hernandez scored a second .
Cristiano Ronaldo's yellow card against Rayo Vallecano was rescinded by the Competitions Committee. Iker Casillas, Toni Kroos, James Rodriguez and Gareth Bale are all out of Real Madrid's clash with Eibar. Mundo Deportivo think a Barca win puts them 'halfway to La Liga' if they beat Sevilla  .
Fernando Torres scored his first ever league own goal during Atletico Madrid's 2-2 draw with Malaga. The Spanish striker inadvertently headed a corner at the near post over his own line. Torres has managed just four goals for Atletico since January return .
Real Madrid beat Rayo Vallecano 2-0 at the Bernabeu on Wednesday night. Iker Casillas kept a clean sheet as Carlo Ancelotti's side moved four points behind La Liga leaders Barcelona. Spain international has been subjected to heavy criticism this season.
The patient - known only as Alex S - had all 19 of his teeth removed over four weeks in Munich, Germany. He believed the series of operations would help him regain his vitality and cure his schizophrenia. The dentist - known as K - claimed he helped the 'spiritual self-healing capabilities of his patients' .
Stuart Broad admits he was sorry to see Paul Downton leave his role in the ECB. Broad backs Alastair Cook to score big runs during the series in the Caribbean. Broad says Jimmy Anderson has guided him through his career.
Jimmy Anderson will play his 100th Test on Monday in Antigua. The Lancastrian will become the leading Test wicket-taker in England's history. Anderson says he wants to continue playing Test cricket for as long as possible .
Moeen Ali will join up with England squad ahead of second Test against West Indies. Moeen says he is ready to take on Australia's left-arm Mitchell Johnson and Mitchell Starc in the Ashes on July 8 .
Andrew Strauss says the Kevin Pietersen affair is a 'distraction' for English cricket. Pietersen has rejoined Surrey for the county season in an attempt to regain his England place. Michael Vaughan is favourite to pip Strauss for the role created following the sacking of Paul Downton .
Arsenal beat Burnley 1-0 at Turf Moor in the Premier League on Saturday night. Thierry Henry hailed Francis Coquelin for his midfield display in Arsenal's win. The former Gunners striker labelled the 23-year-old 'Columbo'
West Ham drew 1-1 with Stoke at Upton Park in the Premier League. Aaron Cresswell had put the Hammers in the lead before Marko Arnautovic equalised. West Ham remain in the top 10 .
Michael Owen was speaking on BT Sport's Fletch and Sav show on Saturday. The former England striker said he didn't believe Charlie Adam's 66-yard strike was worthy of Goal of the Season. Robbie Savage and Steve McManaman joined Owen and co-anchor Robbie Savage in debate.
Manchester City have lost four of their last five Premier League games. Manuel Pellegrini's side face West Ham United at the Etihad Stadium on Sunday. The Premier League champions have lost to Burnley and Crystal Palace in recent weeks. City have spoken to Borussia Dortmund about replacing Roberto Mancini.
Sarah Sparkman, a lawyer from Arkansas, tweeted about how female sports reporters are sexualized. Britt McHenry, 28, found the tweet and began berating her for not tagging her in it. She raged: 'I modeled & still graduated in 3 yrs w/ a masters. those things don't have to be mutually exclusive' McHenry has been suspended for a week over the incident.
Deputy Michael Hubbard from The Spartanburg County Sheriff's Office is seen approaching the woman sitting on overpass on the I-26. She struggles and tries to resist, but officer says: 'Give me your hands, you're not going out today'
Officer Jeffrey Swett was allegedly run over by William Bogard in January after the suspect stole his car while it was running. Swett suffered two broken arms, a broken leg and severe head and neck trauma. The hearing was held so a judge could determine if there is substantial evidence for a trial. Bogard has pleaded not guilty.
The second-ranked girls defeated the women of the University of California -Los Angeles by a score of 4 - 3. USC now finishes the season 21 - 2 while UCLA is 18.
Crowd tried to storm the club Tsunami in the Chilean capital Santiago to see British punk band Doom . Crust Punk band were on stage at the time when a large group of men tried to force their way into the nightclub  .
Stephen Taylor went missing in the Solent after leaving Lee-on-Solent at 11.30am yesterday. The 54-year-old experienced canoeist was in touch with his partner Michelle Fuller throughout the day. But when he failed to return home late in the evening she alrted police  .
The creatures were discovered at Blairgowrie Pier but are fast on the move to Rye Pier. Spider crabs migrate once a year in the Port Phillip Bay area in Southern Victoria, piling on top of each other.
Jacob Polyakov cracked his head on the floor after plunging off the edge of the SEC 'Globe' centre in Kiev, Ukraine. His friend Jamal Maslow broke his coccyx after landing on the corner of one of the steps.
Arsenal beat Reading 1-0 in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Saturday night. Gary Lineker, Alan Shearer, Jason Roberts and Ian Wright fronted the BBC's coverage. The outcome on Sky was depressingly predictable  .
Juve beat Lazio 2-0 in Turin to move 15 points clear of second place in Serie A. Carlos Tevez and Leonardo Bonucci scored first-half goals for Juventus. Lazio's run of six consecutive victories came to an end on Saturday .
BBC Radio 5 Live commentator Guy Mowbray's notes for Liverpool vs Newcastle match posted on Twitter. Notes are thorough from start to finish with numbers for appearances, goals, transfer fees and other interesting tidbits to keep listeners informed .
Lewis Hamilton won the Chinese Grand Prix in Shanghai on Sunday. The reigning world champion sprayed a hostess in the face with champagne on the podium. The 30-year-old was described as a 'bully' and 'disgusting' on Twitter .
Nathaniel Clyne claims Roy Hodgson has told him he is England's first choice right-back. The Southampton defender has started England's last four games, including Euro 2016 qualifier against Slovenia. Clyne has been linked with a move to Chelsea and Manchester United this summer.
Brendan Rodgers has met with Raheem Sterling to remind him of his professional responsibilities. Liverpool starlet has escaped club punishment after being pictured holding a shisha pipe. Jordon Ibe has also been warned by Rodgers after the youngster was pictured alongside Sterling. Click here for more .
Fabricio Coloccini has been captain of Newcastle since 2011. John Carver says the club will review that position at the end of the season. Coloccinis was needlessly sent off during last month's 3-0 defeat to Everton at Goodison Park .
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-2 in the Manchester derby on Sunday . Wayne Rooney has revealed that United's game plan was to target City's work-shy midfield . City are considering letting the likes of Yaya Toure and Samir Nasri leave in the summer.
Ashley Young is willing to take a pay cut to prolong his stay at Manchester United. The 29-year-old has revived his career in recent months under Louis van Gaal. Young is now being touted for a return to the England set-up.
Tom Ince scored two long-range goals in front of his dad Paul in the stands for Derby. Former England and Manchester United midfielder Paul was watching from the stands. Derby were 1-0 up, 3-1 down and 4-3 behind in an amazing game which also saw Huddersfield have three goals.
Manchester City will listen to offers for Yaya Toure in the summer, according to Sportsmail. Manuel Pellegrini has admitted he has been disappointed by Toure's performances this season. Ivory Coast midfielder has two years left on his contract.
Vincent Kompany may miss the rest of the season with a muscle injury. Manchester City captain was substituted during Sunday's 4-2 derby defeat at Manchester United. Manuel Pellegrini says he is not concerned by mounting pressure.
Nico Rosberg feels he may have given Lewis Hamilton a psychological advantage with outburst. Damon Hill believes Rosberg shot himself in the foot by publicly airing his grievances. Rosberg admits he would not do anything differently.
Chelsea owner Roman Abramovich believed he had landed Pep Guardiola in the summer of 2012. But the then-Barcelona coach was spooked by the Russian's habit of hiring and firing managers. Guardiola opted to join Bayern Munich instead and has maintained their dominance in the Bundesliga. Manuel Pellegrini's position at Manchester City is under threat.
Louis van Gaal's greatest achievement as a football manager is the making of Jose Mourinho, says Gary Neville. The pair have been friends since they worked together at Barcelona in 1997. Chelsea host Manchester United at Stamford Bridge on Saturday in the Premier League. Neville believes John Obi Mikel or Kurt Zouma could start in midfield for Chelsea against United .
Firefighters scoured a burning home in Boise, Idaho, searching for people shouting 'Help!' and 'Fire!' Eventually, they found a pair of squawking birds.
YouTube user Elman511 cracked open the over-sized egg that was laid by one of his hens. He exclaimed: ‘The big egg has another normal egg in it!’. While the instance is extremely rare, it’s caused when the hen is in the process of forming an egg in her oviduct and another oocyte – the ovum or egg cell that becomes the yolk of the egg – is released too soon .
Roma drew 1-1 with relegation-threatened Atalanta at the Stadio Olimpico. Francesco Totti gave Roma the lead from the penalty spot after just three minutes. Roma move level on points with second-placed Lazio in Serie A .
Jose Callejon opened the scoring for Rafa Benitez's side with a neat one-on-one finish. Antonio Balzano's own-goal doubled Napoli’s advantage in the first half. Substitute Manolo Gabbiadini grabbed a third goal for the Partenopei just minutes after coming on to put the game beyond doubt .
Karim Benzema has been ruled out of Real Madrid's La Liga match against Malaga. The Frenchman limped out of training on Friday with a knee problem . Carlo Ancelotti is likely to start Isco in Benzema's place in the starting line-up . Click here for all the latest Real Madrid news .
Ministers refused to give blanket refund to families who had to pay extra to get documents rushed through. Just 2,191 compensation applications approved between April last year and January this year. Home Affairs Committee chairman Keith Vaz was 'astonished' to learn just 2, 191 applications approved. Passport Office made a surplus of £42.3 million between April and October last year, with managers receiving £3,500.
Eric Carter, 21, and Stephanie McCassin, 24, of Manchester, New Hampshire, have been charged with endangering the welfare of a child after allegedly overdosing on heroin while giving their 3-year-old son a bath. The child's grandmother and primary caretaker, Mary MacDonald, reported finding the child in the tub, with the parents passed out on Dec. 4.
Surveillance footage from Philadelphia's 15th Street Station shows a man lose his balance and fall onto the tracks. A man in an Eagles jacket runs over and throws himself onto the track to save him. The Good Samaritan pushes the man to his feet and pulls him to safety .
The Airbus A330 took off soon after 11am but was back on the tarmac by 12.30pm. An indicator light showed a possible issue with the rear cargo.
The month-old cubs, born March 11, were captured on video sitting before press and public at Leningrad Zoo in Saint Petersburg. The two cubs are the fifth brood of mother and father Agnes and Rock from the same litter.
The unlikely pair live at an animal rescue shelter in Camp Verde, Arizona. Their owner says that 'fat' Clyde was nibbling up pecan leaves, which are considered a delicacy among goats. WARNING: GRAPHIC.
Footage shows Bourbon the Doberman enthusiastically licking a baby boy on the face and nose. At one point the youngster can barely breathe as his face is given a wash.
Gareth Bale went down with a calf strain after less than five minutes of Real Madrid's game against Malaga. The Welshman faces a race to be fit for the Champions League quarter-final second leg against Atletico Madrid. Click here for all the latest Real Madrid news.
Kimberly Dianne Richardson, 25, was rushed to hospital but died in the early hours of Sunday. Her baby, a girl, survived and is being cared for at WakeMed hospital. Daniel Steele was arrested at his home in Raleigh, North Carolina.
The problem affects the 2005 to 2008 models of the Mini Cooper and Cooper S. Only one person has been injured so far as a result of the defect. BMW will replace the detection mats in the affected models for free .
Manchester United are said to be keeping a close eye on Atletico Madrid defender Miranda. Louis van Gaal is keen on strengthening his defensive options ahead of the 2015-16 season. Miranda has admitted he is 'proud' to be linked with a move to Old Trafford   .
Manchester City need more English players in their starting line-up this summer. Liverpool's Jordan Henderson and Arsenal's Jack Wilshere are targets for the Premier League champions. City also maintain an interest in Liverpool's unsettled forward Raheem Sterling. Frank Lampard and James Milner are set to leave the Etihad Stadium.
Barcelona forward Pedro could join Liverpool this summer if Raheem Sterling leaves Anfield. The 27-year-old would command wages of £90,000-a-week - £10,000 less than Sterling. Liverpool boss Brendan Rodgers has scouted Pedro and could make a move for him.
Chelsea are favourites to complete the signing of Brazilian starlet Kenedy. Fluminense have agreed to sell his economic rights to Giuliano Bertolucci's agency. The 19-year-old has been linked with Barcelona, Manchester United and Juventus.
Robin van Persie has been out injured for six weeks with an ankle ligament injury. Juventus and Inter Milan are interested in signing the Manchester United striker this summer. Real Madrid, Paris Saint-Germain and Barcelona are also in the market for back-up strikers of his level  .
Mats Hummels has been consistently linked with a move to Manchester United. The Germany defender has admitted he is considering his future at Borussia Dortmund. Franz Beckenbauer believes the 26-year-old is at the right age.
Inter Milan are prepared to offer Yaya Toure a five-year contract to lure him away from Manchester City. Roberto Mancini is keen on bringing the Ivory Coast midfielder to the San Siro . City want to keep Toure and will offer him a new deal this summer.
Mats Hummels has admitted he is considering his future at Borussia Dortmund. The German defender has been linked with a move to Manchester United. Hummel has two years left to run on his contract with the club .
Arsenal are in advanced talks with Velez Sarsfield over a £4.5million swoop for Maxi Romero. The 16-year-old Argentine wonderkid has been dubbed the next Lionel Messi. Arsenal are confident of completing a deal in the coming days.
Australian Josh Kerr took home the prize for the most impressive crash when he put too much weight on the front of his board and flipped head first into the reef. The notorious 'Box' is renowned in Western Australia for its challenging shallow surf break directly over the reef  .
Steven Gerrard is set to start the FA Cup semi-final between Liverpool and Aston Villa at Wembley. The 34-year-old has been missing all month after serving three-match ban for seeing red against Man United. Gerrard last lifted FA Cup at Wembley in 2006 .
Shay Given will start for Aston Villa against Liverpool in Sunday's FA Cup semi-final at Wembley. The Republic of Ireland goalkeeper was dropped by Ruud Gullit for the 1999 FA Cup final. Tim Sherwood has confirmed Given will keep his place rather than be replaced by Brad Guzan .
Arsenal captain Mikel Arteta will miss Saturday's FA Cup semi-final against Reading at Wembley. Arteta is out of contract in the summer and expected to agree a 12-month extension. Click here for more Arsenal news.
Sean Dyche says he has been shocked by the amount of simulation in the Premier League. Burnley boss says he was told by another manager to 'get with the times' and instruct his players to seek out decisions. CLICK HERE for all the latest Burnley.
Angel di Maria was sent off against Arsenal in the FA Cup back in March. The red card forced Louis van Gaal to change his starting line-up at Old Trafford. Manchester United have won 25 points from their last 10 games. Click here for Manchester United transfer news .
Arsenal defender Calum Chambers signed from Southampton last July for £16million. The 20-year-old has made 36 appearances for the Gunners this season. Chambers has been deployed at centre back, right back and in a holding midfield role  .
Aston Villa host Liverpool in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Sunday. Tim Sherwood has been a fan of Raheem Sterling since he was a 14-year-old schoolboy. Liverpool captain Steven Gerrard will return from a three-match ban .
Jose Mourinho claims it is easier to manage Manchester United than Chelsea in new fair play era. Chelsea have been forced to sell players such as Juan Mata to balance the books at Stamford Bridge. Louis van Gaal will be without Michael Carrick, Phil Jones, Marcos Rojo and Daley Blind .
'Kid Kulafu' charts Manny Pacquiao's rise from humble beginnings to his first step into the boxing ring. The film opened in Philippine cinemas on Wednesday and will be shown in selected cinemas in the US and Canada later this month. The Filipino boxer faces Floyd Mayweather on May 2 .
Jordan Spieth became the first player ever to reach 19 under par at Augusta National. The 21-year-old also became the second youngest champion behind Tiger Woods. Spieth admitted he would probably sleep in the green jacket after claiming his first major title .
Rafael Nadal beat Lucas Pouille 6-2, 6-1 to reach third round of Monte Carlo Masters. Spaniard will face either John Isner or Viktor Troicki in the third round  .
Milos Raonic lost to Roger Federer in last year's Wimbledon semi-final. Nick Kyrgios beat Rafael Nadal in the fourth round at SW19 last year. The pair will join Nadal, Andy Murray, Stan Wawrinka, Marin Cilic and Grigor Dimitrov.
Novak Djokovic beats Albert Ramos-Vinolas 6-1 6-4 to reach third round of Monte Carlo Masters. David Ferrer also through after Victor Estrella Burgos retires with shoulder injury. Jo-Wilfried Tsonga beats Jan-Lennard Struff in straight sets.
Prize money at the French Open has been increased by three million euros to over 28 million euros. The singles champions will each receive 1.8m euros (£1.3m), around 150,000 euros more than Rafael Nadal and Maria Sharapova.
Felipe Massa believes he has silenced his critics following storming start to Formula One season. Williams head of vehicle performance Rob Smedley claimed earlier this week he was seeing the best of the Brazilian. Massa finished 5th at the Shanghai Grand Prix last week.
Lewis Hamilton says his champagne-spraying of grid girl was 'a fun thing' after winning Chinese Grand Prix. Hamilton grabbed bottle of bubbly and turned it on grid girl Liu Siying after the national anthems. The Brit driver was criticised by an anti-sexism group for his behaviour. Siying says foreign media have been more sensitive about the incident than local media .
Liu Siying, 23, was a 'podium girl' at the Chinese Grand Prix in Shanghai on Sunday. Lewis Hamilton sprayed champagne directly at her face after winning the race. Sexism campaigners have called for Hamilton to apologise for his 'selfish and inconsiderate' behaviour. But Siying said: 'I did not think too much about it at all'  .
Daniil Kvyat and Max Verstappen suffered power-unit failure in China Grand Prix. Red Bull owner Dietrich Mateschitz threatened to pull out of Formula One. Renault boss Cyril Abiteboul promises.
Leighton Aspell became the first jockey in more than 40 years to win back-to-back Grand Nationals. The 25-1 shot, who was sixth in the Cheltenham Gold Cup, is the first Hennessy Gold Cup winner to land the prestigious prize. Many Clouds ended trainer Oliver Sherwood's wretched record in the race .
Sportsmail's Racing Correspondent Marcus Townend and Britain's No 1 tipster Sam Turner cast their eye over the 39-strong field for the race. Will AP McCoy's glittering career conclude with a fairytale victory for Shutthefrontdoor?
AP McCoy has vowed to end his career immediately if he wins the Grand National. McCoy has won the race every year since he first won the title in 1997. The 40-year-old jockey announced his retirement in February .
Billy Vunipola cited for striking Leicester's Mathew Tait with his head on Saturday. Incident occurred in Saracens' 22-6 win over Leicester at Allianz Park. Three-man panel will hear case on Tuesday.
Australia hooker Nathan Charles has revealed his battle with cystic fibrosis. The 26-year-old took part in a promotional video for Nutri Grain's #Unstoppable campaign. Charles has earned four caps for the Wallabies .
Scotland international centre Matt Scott ruled out until at least the end of the season with shoulder injury. Edinburgh face Newport Gwent Dragons in European Challenge Cup semi-final on Friday. Edinburgh also have a major doubt over David Denton's fitness for the match.
Alex Hales has nine England caps to date, since his debut against India last August. The big-hitting batsman has played in only five of England's subsequent 18 matches. Hales is hoping for more continuity this summer .
Mustafa Kamal resigns as International Cricket Council president. Kamal unhappy with umpire calls in Bangladesh's World Cup quarter-final defeat to India. No replacement will be appointed for remaining weeks of his term.
Gary Ballance scored 122 as England took firm control of the first Test in Antigua. West Indies finished the fourth day on 98 for two after Chris Jordan's superb catch . Ballance's 122 was the mainstay of England's 333 for seven declared at the Sir Vivian Richards.
Kevin Pietersen is 'running out of time' to resurrect his Test career, says Andrew Flintoff. Gary Ballance, Ian Bell and Joe Root all secure in middle order for the summer. Alastair Cook has had a double failure with the bat in Antigua.
England declared just before tea, leaving West Indies a hefty target (503) But the home side’s lower order hung on and forced an unlikely draw . Gary Ballance and Ian Bell made centuries in the first Test, but Joe Root's 142-run contribution has been largely overlooked. Joe Root passed 50 runs seven times in his last six Tests.
Anthony Davis had 31 points and 13 rebounds as the New Orleans Pelicans beat the San Antonio Spurs 108-103. The Pelicans earned their first play-off berth since 2011 with the win. Oklahoma City's Russell Westbrook scored 37 points in their 138-113 win over Minnesota. The Brooklyn Nets are through to the play-offs after beating the Orlando Magic 101-88.
Arsenal fought their way past Reading in extra time to reach the FA Cup final. Alexis Sanchez scored two goals, the second via a howler from Reading goalkeeper Adam Federici. Arsene Wenger's side beat the Royals 2-1 after extra time despite Garath McCleary goal.
Yannick Bolasie scored a hat-trick in Crystal Palace's demolition of Sunderland last week. Alan Pardew is demanding more than £20m for the winger to be taken away from Selhurst Park. Click here for more Crystal Palace news .
Southampton host Hull City at St Mary's (Saturday, 3pm kick-off) Filip Djuricic ruled out of Southampton clash with ankle injury. Steven Davis could return to Saints side after recovering from ankle problem. Hull keeper Allan McGregor could be rested by manager Steve Bruce  .
Southampton beat Hull 2-0 at St Mary's on Saturday to stay in the hunt for Champions League place. Ronald Koeman's side are five points behind Manchester City in the Premier League. Click here for more Southampton news.
Ryan Bertrand believes he deserves to be higher up the England pecking order. The Southampton left-back was the fifth left back to be called in to Roy Hodgson's England squad last month. The 25-year-old has been one of the standout performers at St Mary's since joining from Chelsea .
Moha El Ouriachi is set to join Stoke City from Barcelona B, according to his agent. Stoke have already signed Bojan Krkic and Marc Muniesa from the Nou Camp. Click here for more transfer news .
Harry Kane has scored 29 goals in all competitions for Tottenham Hotspur this season. Eden Hazard has been nominated for the PFA Player of the Year award. Mauricio Pochettino believes Kane deserves to win the award .
Winston Reid signed a six-and-a-half-year deal with West Ham United last month. New Zealand international signed from Danish side Midtjylland in August 2010. Reid had been linked with the likes of Arsenal and Tottenham .
West Ham host Manchester City at the Etihad Stadium on Sunday afternoon. The Hammers are in 10th place in the Premier League after a poor run of form. Manuel Pellegrini's side lost 4-2 to Manchester United on Saturday and are now fourth in the table. Sam Allardyce's side are without Diafra Sakho, but Enner Valencia is expected to return from a foot injury .
Leigh Griffiths scored a hat-trick in Celtic's 4-1 win over Kilmarnock on Wednesday night. The 24-year-old has scored 15 goals for the club so far this season and is top of the Scottish scoring charts.
Leigh Griffiths scored a hat-trick against Kilmarnock on Wednesday to move Celtic eight points clear. Celtic manager Ronny Deila hailed the impact sub's performance. Deila said Griffiths should be an example for other subs to follow .
Jurgen Klopp will leave Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season. The German coach has been linked with several Premier League jobs, including Manchester City. Jose Mourinho says he has no idea where Klopp will end up - but knows it will not be at Chelsea .
Jose Mourinho has spoken out in defence of Manchester City boss Manuel Pellegrini. The Blues boss said the City boss had been treated like a 'criminal' by the Premier League. Chelsea host Manchester United at Stamford Bridge on Saturday . CLICK HERE for all the latest Premier League news.
Stuart McCall's Rangers drew 1-1 with Livingston at the Energy Assets Arena last week. The Easter Road side are four points behind Hibernian in the Scottish Championship. McCall believes his side's main promotion rivals could drop points on Wednesday.
Liverpool face Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Sunday. Lucas Leiva has played more games for Liverpool without a major trophy than anyone else in 50 years. The Brazilian has been at Anfield for eight years and is the longest-serving player .
Andy Burnham accuses David Cameron of failing to get tough on the Premier League. The party promises to enforce Premier League commitment to invest in grassroots sport. Move could unlock £400 million to nurture the next generation of stars .
Norwich beat Leeds 2-0 in their Championship clash at Elland Road. Jonny Howson scored the only goal of the game in the 57th minute to put his side in control. Graham Dorrans missed a late penalty but made up for it with a late winner  .
Liverpool face Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final at Villa Park on Sunday. Reds keeper Simon Mignolet insists he cannot choose between FA Cup and top four finish. Belgium international has enjoyed a renaissance in form since returning to the starting line-up on Boxing Day.
Porto beat Bayern Munich 3-0 in the Champions League quarter-final first leg on Wednesday. Ricardo Quaresma and Jackson Martinez scored for the Portuguese side. Bayern Munich boss Pep Guardiola says his side suffered with the injuries they are currently contending with.
Lazio have won eight games in a row in Serie A and are nine points behind league leaders Juventus. Lazio coach Stefano Pioli says his side will go 'all out for victory' against Juventus. Juventus are unbeaten at home this season but slipped to defeat last weekend.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-2 in the Premier League on Sunday. Louis van Gaal's side are now three points clear at the top of the table. Marouane Fellaini, Ander Herrera, Juan Mata and Angel di Maria have all been in impressive form for the Red Devils .
Chris Smalling scored Manchester United's fourth goal in their 4-2 derby win over Manchester City. Smalling has now scored the same amount of Premier League goals this season as Danny Welbeck at Arsenal. United are now eight points behind leaders Chelsea .
Emmanuel Adebayor posted a video of himself dancing in front of the Arc de Triomphe in Paris. The Tottenham striker has one year left to run on his current contract at White Hart Lane. Click here for more Tottenham news .
Fish die-offs are a frequent occurrence in Rio's waterways, which are choked with raw sewage and rubbish. The latest incident began several days ago at the Rodrigo de Freitas lake, where the Olympic canoeing and rowing events are to be held. The city's waste management company have been brought in to clear the lake.
Last of the riders went through the barrier eight seconds before the TGV train arrived at the Waller crossing. One rider was even clipped by the barrier as it came down, as the racers hurry through with the train.
Liverpool are seven points behind fourth-placed Manchester City in the Premier League. The Reds have a game in hand on their rivals after beating Arsenal 4-1. Brendan Rodgers' side face Newcastle at Anfield on Monday night in the league .
Mamadou Sakho limped off during Liverpool's FA Cup quarter-final win against Blackburn Rovers on Wednesday. The French centre-back faces three to four weeks out of action with a hamstring injury . Sakho was replaced by Kolo Toure in the 28th minute at Ewood Park. Liverpool host Newcastle United at Anfield on Monday night .
Jordon Ibe is set to sign a new long-term deal at Liverpool after breaking into the first team. The 19-year-old damaged his knee ligaments against Besiktas on February 26 and has been out since .
Sergio Aguero opened the scoring for Manchester City after eight minutes against Manchester United. Mario Balotelli tweeted: 'Yeeeees city @aguerosergiokun !!! 1-0 OLD TRAFFORD...Stand up and shut up' .
Kimi Raikkonen finished fourth at the Chinese Grand Prix in Shanghai on Sunday. Ferrari have proved more competitive in the first three races of the season than last year. The Finn is confident Ferrari can challenge for the title this season.
West Ham striker and Southampton right-back attended 'Football Fighting Ebola' event in London. The event was a fundraising reception for the charity founded by Cole and Godfrey Torto. TV presenter Layla Anne-Lee also in attendance.
Manny Pacquiao trains on the streets of Los Angeles ahead of his fight with Floyd Mayweather. The Filipino boxer was joined by his dog Pacman as he jogs around Griffith Park. The May 2 bout in Las Vegas could be lengthy .
Manny Pacquiao will fight Floyd Mayweather in Las Vegas on May 2. The Filipino boxer has revealed the mouth guard he will use in the bout. The 36-year-old is looking to inflict a first ever career defeat on Mayweather.
Manchester City women's players Toni Duggan and Isobel Christiansen pictured with Louis van Gaal at Wing's restaurant. Duggan uploaded a photo of her, Christiansen and Everton's Michelle Hinnigan at the five-star Chinese restaurant. United manager Van Gaal was joined by his wife Truus and friends at the restaurant with his wife Truss and friends. United beat City 4-2 at Old Trafford on Sunday night to move four points clear in the Premier League .
Manchester United are favourites to sign Burnley striker Danny Ings this summer. Ings has scored nine goals for Burnley in his first season in the Premier League. Liverpool were prepared to exploit a Premier League loophole to guarantee a transfer in the summer. Click here for more transfer news .
Manuel Pellegrini should be given more time to turn Manchester City around, says Stuart Pearce. City's challenge for the title has capitulated in recent weeks. Pearce believes City should stick with the 61-year-old. Click here for all the latest Manchester City news .
David Villa was invited to ring the opening bell for the New York Stock Exchange. The 33-year-old joined the newly formed MLS outfit this season. He has so far scored one goal in two appearances for New York City FC. Click here for more MLS news .
West Brom beat Crystal Palace 2-0 at Selhurst Park on Saturday. Former Palace boss Tony Pulis took over at the Hawthorns on the eve of the new season. James Morrison headed the away side ahead after just two minutes on Saturday .
Rafa Benitez guided Liverpool to the Champions League in 2005, but never won the Premier League. The Spaniard has managed some of the continent's most established clubs since leaving Valencia. He has won the FA Cup with Liverpool, Inter, Chelsea and Napoli .
Ben Flower does not believe he deserved the standing ovation which greeted his return from suspension. The Wales forward punched St Helens' Lance Hohaia in the opening moments of last season's Grand Final. The 27-year-old was given a six-month ban  .
Falkirk beat Hibernian 1-0 in the Scottish Cup semi-final at Hampden Park on Saturday. Craig Sibbald scored the only goal of the game in the 74th minute with a header. Falkirk will face Inverness Caledonian Thistle or Celtic in next month's showpiece at the national stadium .
Newcastle were beaten 2-0 by Liverpool at Anfield on Monday night. Ayoze Perez was brought down by Dejan Lovren in the 38th minute. Referee Lee Mason did not point to the spot, despite replays showing the defender making no contact with the ball .
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-1 in the Premier League at Old Trafford on Sunday. Marouane Fellaini, Ashley Young and Juan Mata scored the goals for Louis van Gaal's side. Sergio Aguero scored the other goal for City. Click here for all the latest Manchester United news.
Two points separate four teams, with four games remaining in the Championship. To drop points would almost certainly mean to drop out of the race for the two automatic slots to the Premier League. Middlesbrough boss Aitor Karanka is targeting wins from all of his side's remaining fixtures. Click here for more Championship news .
Middlesbrough beat Norwich 1-0 at Carrow Road to move top of the Championship. Alex Tettey's early own goal handed the visitors a slim victory at the Riverside Stadium. Aitor Karanka's side could be overtaken on Saturday by Bournemouth .
Middlesbrough face Norwich City in the Championship on Friday at the Riverside. Ben Gibson's uncle, Steve Gibson, has overseen some of the club's most significant times. Steve Gibson helped save the Teessiders from liquidation in 1986 and eight years later took control. Boro won the Carling Cup in 2004 and reached the UEFA Cup final .
Odion Ighalo gave Watford the lead after just four minutes against Nottingham Forest. Matthew Connolly doubled the Hornets' lead in the 41st minute. Gary Gardner pulled one back for Forest with 20 minutes to play. Almen Abdi scored Watford's third goal in the closing stages to secure all three points.
Ryan Dearnley won the chance to walk out at Wembley after Reading beat Huddersfield in the third round. The 10-year-old was filmed saying he hoped Arsenal beat Reading in the Examiner. Football Association offered him chance to be England mascot.
Yaya Toure will not be forced out of Manchester City, but club are set to make him available this summer. Premier League champions will listen to offers for the Ivorian midfielder. Toure has two years left on his current £220,000-a-week deal at the Etihad. CLICK HERE for all the latest Manchester City news.
Sven Goran Eriksson says Manchester City should be winning the Premier League. Former City boss says they have underperformed given their financial clout. Click here for more Manchester City news.
Yaya Toure, Sergio Aguero, Martin Demichelis and Eliaquim Mangala all wore gloves at Old Trafford. Manchester City lost 4-1 to rivals Manchester United on Sunday afternoon. Gary Neville described Toure as a 'weed in the garden'
There are no British teams in the quarter finals of the Champions League. Paul Scholes does not believe there is a British manager who can turn that around. Scholes hopes Ryan Giggs will be given the chance to succeed Louis van Gaal at Manchester United .
Jurgen Klopp announced he will be leaving Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season. Former Manchester City midfielder Dietmar Hamann believes Klopp would be ideal for the job. Manuel Pellegrini could be on his way out at Manchester City after poor season. Click here for Manchester City transfer news.
Watford beat Birmingham 1-0 at Vicarage Road to go top of the Championship. Craig Cathcart scored the only goal of the game in the 56th minute with a stunning volleyed effort. Middlesbrough beat Norwich 2-0 on Friday to go second .
Manuel Pellegrini should be given the chance to turn things around at Manchester City, says Gary Neville. The former Manchester United defender has been critical of the Chilean's side in recent weeks. City are currently fourth in the Premier League, 12 points adrift of Chelsea. Click here for more Manchester City news.
Luis Suarez scored a double as Barcelona beat PSG 3-1 at Parc des Princes on Wednesday night. David Luiz replaced Thiago Silva in the first half of the Champions League clash. The former Chelsea defender was brought back from injury after 21 minutes .
Everton striker Romelu Lukaku is set to return from a four-week absence with a hamstring injury. Roberto Martinez admits he would not be able to ease him back in even if he wanted to. Belgium international has scored 18 goals this season.
Sylvain Distin and Antolin Alcaraz are out of contract at the end of the season. Both centre-backs' current deals expire this summer. Distin has played more for the under-21s than the first team in the last month. Roberto Martinez has not ruled out the prospect of both players earning new deals at Everton .
Unbeaten Championship leaders Leigh delivered a stunning knockout blow as Salford crashed out of the Ladbrokes Challenge Cup. The Centurions twice came from behind in thrilling fashion to beat the Red Devils 22-18 .
The United Arab Emirates are planning an audacious bid to host the 2021 Rugby League World Cup. The country's government is keen to boost the nation's international profile. The World Cup has only ever been hosted by the major countries .
Huddersfield coach Paul Anderson is hoping to kick-start his side's misfiring attack. The Giants have plummeted from third to ninth after losing all three games over the Easter holiday period   .
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-2 in the Premier League on Sunday. Louis van Gaal's side moved four points clear of their cross-city rivals in third place. Dutch manager thanked supporters for their patience when results were going against the team at the start .
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-2 at Old Trafford on Sunday. Louis van Gaal's side are now four points clear of their cross-town rivals in the Premier League. Manchester City have gone from joint top on New Year's Day to 12 points off the leaders. Manuel Pellegrini is under increasing pressure from City fans .
Manchester City lost 4-2 at home to Manchester United in the Premier League on Sunday. Gary Neville says Yaya Toure's defensive lapses are costing the club. The Sky Sports pundit says the club need to get rid of 'weeds in the garden' at the Etihad. Niall Quinn and Graeme Souness have also criticised the Ivorian's work when City don't have the ball .
Alex Hales and Chris Woakes believe England's players aren't playing enough Twenty20 cricket. England were dumped out of the World Cup in the group stages by Australia and New Zealand . The Natwest T20 Blast starts on May 15 in England .
Andrew Flintoff fears Kevin Pietersen is 'running out of time' to resurrect his England career. The former England star believes Alastair Cook is so important to England's future. Pietersen scored 170 for Surrey against MCCU Oxford.
Andrew Flintoff has called on the English cricketing public to show their love for the NatWest Twenty20 Blast. The Blast is in its second year and 12th for the Twenty20 domestic format. Former England team-mate Alastair Cook is under pressure in Test cricket.
Michael Vaughan has been heavily linked with the role of Director of England cricket. The former England skipper praised Alastair Cook moments before he lost his wicket. Vaughan is currently in the West Indies working as a commentator for BBC.
Bayern Munich coach Pep Guardiola has a long injury list to contend with. Arjen Robben, Franck Ribery and Bastian Schweinsteiger are all out injured. Pep Guardiola's side face Eintracht Frankfurt and FC Porto.
Bayern Munich travel to Porto for the Champions League quarter-final first leg on Wednesday. Midfielders Bastian Schweinsteiger and Franck Ribery will miss the match due to injury. Bayern boss Pep Guardiola also without Medhi Benatia, David Alaba, Javi Martinez and Arjen Robben.
Raheem Sterling is a primary target for Manchester City this summer. The Liverpool forward is valued at around £50million by the reigning Premier League champions. City plan to make a formal offer for Sterling on the day the transfer window reopens .
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-2 in the Manchester derby on Sunday. Wayne Rooney's pre-match team talk inspired United to end four-game losing run. Daley Blind has urged United to focus on their next Premier League match.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-1 in the Manchester derby on Sunday. Angel di Maria and Radamel Falcao were left on the bench by Louis van Gaal. Marouane Fellaini, Ashley Young and Juan Mata scored the goals for United .
Manchester City have lost six of their last eight games in all competitions. Manuel Pellegrini's job is in even greater jeopardy after Sunday's 4-2 defeat at Old Trafford. United are now four points clear of City in the race for a Champions League place . CLICK HERE for all the latest Manchester City news.
James Anderson will earn his 100th Test cap on Monday against the West Indies. Anderson needs just three wickets to go level with Sir Ian Botham as England's top Test wicket taker. Sir Vivian Richards believes Anderson is a worthy heir to Botham .
James Anderson plays his 100th Test match in Antigua against the West Indies on Monday. Anderson needs just three wickets to equal Ian Botham's England record haul of 383. Sportsmail spoke to those who knew Anderson in his early days for Burnley, Lancashire and England.
England face West Indies in the first Test in the Caribbean on Monday. Captain Alastair Cook is desperate to avoid being distracted by the seismic changes going on around him. Cook and coach Peter Moores know they can't afford any slip-ups in the series. CLICK HERE for all the latest England news .
Kevin Pietersen scored his first hundred since August 2013 for Surrey against Oxford. The 34-year-old made his first appearance for Surrey since the LV= County Championship in June 2013. Pietersen said incoming ECB chairman Colin Graves has told him everyone has a 'clean slate' after being axed by England .
Adam Federici blew his side's chances of beating Arsenal in the FA Cup semi-final. The Reading goalkeeper spilled Alexis Sanchez's shot into his own net in extra time. Federici was inconsolable after the match and left the field in tears. Steve Clarke said he tried to hug him but he was 'very disappointed'
Liverpool lost 2-1 to Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley Stadium . Brendan Rodgers admits his side's big-game mentality must improve after defeat. The Reds have not won a trophy in their first three seasons in the Premier League .
Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink has guided Burton Albion to promotion to League One. The Brewers beat Morecambe 2-1 on Saturday to confirm their promotion to the top flight. But the Dutchman wants to finish on top of the table and win the league .
Obbi Oulare scored as Club Brugge came from behind to beat Anderlecht on Sunday. Manchester United, Everton, Sunderland, Burnley, Dortmund and Leverkusen scouts were in attendance. The 19-year-old striker is being watched by some of Europe's top clubs  .
Ashley Shupe claims Kaiden, eight, has tried to choke himself, throw himself from a height, and stop eating. It was a reaction, she claims, to repeated 'taunting, bullying and physical assault' inflicted by one student at Oakmont Elementary School.
Music streaming service Spotify has analysed 2.8 million 'sleep' playlists. Ed Sheeran's Thinking Out Loud is the top song that people fall asleep to . Sam Smith, Ellie Goulding and Coldplay also feature regularly on the list  .
Pennslyvania police Officer Lisa Mearkle is charged with criminal homicide in the shooting of David Kassick. Kassick, 59, was shot in the back while he lay face down on the ground on February 2. Her attorneys asked a judge on Friday to bar the distinct attorney from releasing the video of the shooting .
Crystal McNaughton from Long Beach, California, filmed the moment her newborn son Paul started welling up to a rousing song from Glee. Footage shows a look of sadness spreading across.
Steven Gerrard looked glum at Boujis nightclub in Kensington after defeat by Aston Villa. The Liverpool captain spent the evening in the VIP room with friends. Sunday's loss means there will be no birthday FA Cup final for him on May 30. CLICK HERE for more Liverpool news.
Oldham council moved Broadway Allotment Association to new allotments to make way for car park and football pitches. But gardeners say soil at new site is so poor they can't grow a bean and drainage is so bad seedlings are rotting. They are demanding council pays out compensation for the problems they've experienced  .
Ankit Keshri died after suffering a cardiac arrest following an on-field injury. The 20-year-old died after colliding with a team-mate while attempting to take a catch during a club match .
Angel di Maria, Pablo Zabaleta and Willy Caballero dined at San Carlo Italian Restaurant on Sunday night. Manchester United's Victor Valdes and Marcos Rojo were also in attendance at the popular nightspot. United lost 1-0 to Chelsea at Stamford Bridge on Saturday night .
Doncaster Rovers drew 0-0 with Fleetwood Town at the Keepmoat Stadium on Saturday. Media team faced a tough challenge sticking up the match highlights on the club's YouTube channel. CLICK HERE for all the latest Doncaster news.
Jay Hart, 24, could be heard laughing on the mobile phone footage as he was caught romping with the mystery blonde. He was dismissed after the sex clip of his tryst at Mossley AFC in Tameside was shared on social media. He has now begged for his 25-year-old girlfriend Bryony Hibbert's forgiveness.
Mohammed Shatnawi scored an own goal against Al Whidat in the Amman Derby on Sunday. The Jordanian goalkeeper kicked the ball over his head in an attempt to send it out for a corner. CLICK HERE for more Premier League news.
The Queen had her fingers firmly crossed but luck was not on her side at Newbury. Capel Path finished third to Richard Hannon’s Desert Force in Dubai Duty Free Full of Surprises Handicap. Ring of Truth looked the one who got away.
Lionel Messi has scored 32 hat-tricks for Barcelona but can't remember all of them. The Barcelona star has kept a match ball from every hat-trick he has scored. Messi will lead the line for Barca when they take on PSG in the Champions League on Wednesday .
David de Gea and Victor Valdes enjoyed a trip to a theme park on Tuesday afternoon. The Spanish pair donned sunglasses as they enjoyed a relaxing time in the sun. Manchester United beat Manchester City 2-0 on Sunday.
Tottenham midfielder Christian Eriksen was spotted kissing girlfriend Sabrina Kvist Jensen in central London. The couple couldn't keep their hands, or lips, off each other as they walked through Soho. Click here for more Tottenham news.
Jack Wilshere returned from injury to captain Arsenal's U21 side against Reading on Monday night. The midfielder thanked fans for their support at the Emirates Stadium on Monday. The 23-year-old hasn't featured for Arsenal since picking up an injury in the defeat to Manchester United .
Christy Mack, 23, was left with 18 broken bones, a broken nose, a ruptured kidney, and ruptured liver. She is still undergoing reparative dental work while fighting to see MMA fighter Jonathan Paul Koppenhaver convicted of attempted murder. She claims he became abusive four months into their one-year relationship. He maintains his innocence and says he was also beaten by another man.
Chris Robshaw was caught on camera holidaying in Barbados with girlfriend Camilla Kerslake. England captain has already talked to Andrew Strauss and Lawrence Dallaglio about the pressures of being in the spotlight. Robshaw's worst fears were realised earlier this month .
Bayern Munich face Porto in the Champions League quarter-final on Wednesday. David Alaba posted a video on Instagram of his cast being removed from his knee ligament. Bayern thrashed Shakhtar Donetsk in the last round .
Fabio Borini came on as a second-half substitute in Liverpool's 2-0 win against Newcastle on Monday. The Italian striker spent the day at adventure park Go Ape in Delamere Forest Park in Cheshire on Tuesday .
Three gunmen stormed the site where Corinthians' fan group Pavilhao 9 meets. They ordered the victims to lie face down on the ground and shot seven in the head. An eighth man was shot but tried to escape, reaching a gas station and was later taken to a nearby hospital where he died .
Serafim Todorov beat Floyd Mayweather at the 1996 Olympic Games in Atlanta. The 45-year-old now lives in a remote town in southern Bulgaria on a £370-a-month hand out. Mayweather is preparing for one of the biggest fights in boxing history against Manny Pacquiao on May 2.
Manchester City lost 4-2 to Manchester United in the Premier League on Sunday. Sergio Aguero scored two goals as City slipped out of the top four. The Argentine has scored 100 goals in just 158 appearances for City this season. Real Madrid and Barcelona are interested in signing Aguero, who signed a new deal.
Fox Sports Australia will not take action against freelance presenter Briony Ingerson. She posted an Instagram picture of herself and a friend in black face make-up at an 'African-themed party' almost three months ago. The photo has sparked outrage, with members of the public taking to social media to condemn her 'ignorant' actions. Fox Sports Australia tweeted a photo of a man in blackface on April 11, before the controversy surrounding Ingerson began, before it was deleted.
The bird stalked the rodent from snowy treetops in Ontario, Canada, before launching its attack . Photographer Marc Latremouille captured this particular encounter during one of his photography workshops . WARNING: GRAPHIC.
Inverness beat Celtic 3-2 in extra time to reach the William Hill Scottish Cup final. David Raven scored the winning goal four minutes from the end of extra time at Hampden Park. The Caley defender hailed his late winner as 'a dream come true' Inverness will face Falkirk in the final on Saturday .
A masked gunman who fired eight shots in a shopping mall remains on the run in Sydney's west. It is believed the man fired a series of shots into the air before fleeing the scene. No one was injured in the incident .
ISIS fighters as well as local residents and children appear to be able to freely wander through the market . Brown leather holsters, tactical vests and bandoleers are shown hanging for sale at the various stalls. Knives used for committing beheadings and other atrocities also seem to be readily available at the market.
When Sam Schmidt became paralyzed from the neck down after crashing during testing in Orlando in 2000, his team thought he would never walk, let alone, drive again. But he defied the odds last spring, driving on the Indianapolis Motor Speedway. The modified car includes integrated advanced electronics and a human-to-machine interface which allows quadriplegics to safely operate the vehicle .
The outback Casanova, who lives in Humpty Doo, Northern Territory, detailed his dream girl on Gumtree. The 31-year-old described himself as: 'athletic build, white, heavily tattoo'd brown hair, brown eyes, don't drink,Don't smoke, DON'T do drugs'
By midday, fire officials said they had contained 25 per cent of the fire, which had grown to 1.5 square miles. Evacuation orders were lifted just before dawn for about 300 homes in an area along the border of the cities of Norco and Corona, California.
Cincinnati woman Jacqueline Carr, 65, was killed when a tree smashed her vehicle. The tree fell onto the car around 4 p.m. Sunday. Police say they still have to determine who owns the tree and who is responsible for its upkeep .
Kalimah Dixon said she was awakened by a neighbor yelling there was a fire early on Monday morning. She managed to get all of her children, aged one to 14, out of the Decatur, Georgia condo safely. The mother of six said: 'My children are homeless. They have nothing. They lost everything'
In a leaked Sony email Cameron Crowe mocks Bruce Jenner's alleged gender transition in an email conversation with Amy Pascal. This while the two are discussing Crowe's upcoming film Aloha, which stars an all-star cast that includes Bradley Cooper, Emma Stone, Rachel McAdams, and Alec Baldwin   .
Jerald Christopher 'JC' Jackson, of Immokalee, Florida, was arrested on Saturday after a robbery at a Gainsville apartment. The former-four-star recruit was booked into the Alachua County Jail on Sunday on a charge of robbery with a firearm and held on $150,000.
The clip, posted on Instagram and quickly deleted, shows the 27-year-old singer with what looks like a slim white tube in her hands. After the camera cuts to her pals, it pans back to Rihanna holding her nose for several seconds. Speculation has been rife on Twitter.
Villagers in Shaanxi Province, central China, dug a 46m well to get fresh drinking water. But when they pumped it to the surface they found it was so polluted they could set it on fire. Local officials have now launched an investigation into the pollution.
English Bulldog named Hazel attempts to get the better of a washing basket. The video begins erratically with the dog flying through the air and jumping onto the basket's base.
Denis Cuspert, 39, dubbed the 'Goebbbels of ISIS', sings about planning attacks in Britain, Germany and France. He raps: 'Even if you’re in Europe, wage your jihad. Allah will reward you, put an end to the filthy ones. Oh Allah destroy them'
Jay Dasilva is better than any current Premier League left-back, says Ian Wright. Chelsea beat Shakhtar Donetsk 3-2 to win the UEFA Youth League on Monday. Tammy Abraham, Charly Musonda, Charlie Colkett and Dominic Solanke also praised .
Izzy Brown played the full 90 minutes of Chelsea's 4-0 semi-final win over Roma on Friday. The Blues' under 19 captain was then called up to Jose Mourinho's first-team squad on Sunday. Brown scored twice as Chelsea beat Shakhtar Donetsk in final.
Aston Villa beat Liverpool 2-1 in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Saturday. Christian Benteke and Fabian Delph scored the goals for Aston Villa. Tim Sherwood said his team 'bamboozled' Liverpool with their fluid attack at Wembley .
Bayern Munich doctor Hans-Wilhelm Muller-Wohlfahrt quit this week after a reported rift with Pep Guardiola. The pair fell out over an injury to Philipp Lahm during training as early as November last year. The 72-year-old had been at Bayern for almost 40 years but is now unlikely to return to the Bundesliga club. Manchester City may have to wait for Guardiola to replace him.
Hans-Wilhelm Muller-Wohlfahrt quit the club on Thursday after 'being blamed' for defeat by Porto. Bayern lost 3-1 to Porto in the first leg of their Champions League quarter final on Wednesday. Pep Guardiola played down claims of a rift with the doctor .
Aston Villa beat Liverpool 2-1 in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Saturday. Randy Lerner missed the game because of a family bereavement. The American owner is expected to attend the final against Arsenal. Click here for more Aston Villa news .
Jose Mourinho could be planning a summer swoop for Atletico Madrid midfielder Koke. The club's technical director Michael Emenalo travelled to Spain on Saturday to watch the 23-year-old. Mourinho is reportedly planning to offer Filipe Luis to his former club as a makeweight for the deal .
Andre Ward and Carl Froch have been ordered to meet in a unification fight. The WBA have ordered their two super-middle world champions to meet for the first time in 17 months. Paul Smith has lost his last two title fights to Arthur Abraham and Arthur Abraham . Click here for all the latest boxing news   .
Frankie Gavin is set to be handed a shot at Kell Brook’s IBF welterweight world title at The O2 on May 30. Gavin is the only Englishman to have won a world amateur title but lost his first fight as a professional.
Manchester United scouts are due to watch Mauro Icardi against Verona at the weekend. United have had staff at Inter's games with Sampdoria and Parma this season. Chelsea, Manchester City and Arsenal have also watched the 22-year-old. Click here for more transfer news .
Zinedine Zidane has revealed Real Madrid are monitoring Liverpool winger Raheem Sterling. Sterling has rejected an offer of £100,000 a week to extend his stay at Anfield. The England winger has netted six times in the Premier League this season.
Flight Centre founder and BRW rich list alumni Geoff Harris put the Port Melbourne home up for auction after splashing out $12 million on his Albert Park dream home in May last year. The 63-year-old self-made millionaire Harris, who is reportedly worth $975 million, accepted the hefty offer for his four-bedroom home from a couple at auction.
Gareth Bale is a huge doubt for Real Madrid's Champions League quarter-final second leg against Atletico Madrid. Welsh forward lasted just a few minutes before limping off against Malaga on Saturday. Los Blancos are also without Croatian midfielder Luka Modric.
Manchester City Under 18s take on Chelsea in the FA Youth Cup final on Monday. Jason Wilcox wants to deliver local players to the first team. Ex-Blackburn winger hopes to emulate Manchester United's Class of '92. CLICK HERE for all the latest Manchester City news.
Jay Hart, 24, could be heard laughing on the mobile phone footage as he was caught romping with the mystery blonde. The 73rd minute substitute for the Lancashire non-league side was dismissed. His team had just suffered a 4-1 defeat at Mossley AFC .
Jonathas scored his 10th goal of the season to give Elche a 1-0 win against Real Sociedad on Monday. The striker took advantage of a defensive blunder by Markel Bergara to score. Elche move six points clear of the relegation zone .
Jordan Rhodes has scored 70 goals in the last three seasons for Blackburn Rovers. Nottingham Forest are keen on signing the 25-year-old striker on loan this summer. Blackburn have so far resisted all bids for the striker .
Tayfun Korkut has been sacked as coach of Hannover after a run of 13 games without a win. Michael Frontzek has been named as his successor, signing a contract valid for the remaining five matches of the season. Hannover are currently one place and two points above the relegation play-off zone.
Lukas Podolski says he wants to play for parent club Arsenal next season. The German World Cup winner is currently on loan at Inter Milan from Arsenal. The 29-year-old has failed to score in 12 appearances since arriving in Italy .
Terence Crawford defeated Thomas Dulorme in the sixth round with a technical knock out. Crawford won the vacant WBO junior welterweight title with a sixth-round technical knockout. Crawford remained undefeated with 18 knockouts.
Lucas Matthysse won a majority decision against Ruslan Provodnikov in a 12-round super lightweight bout on Saturday night. Don Ackerman scored the fight as a draw 114-114, but Glenn Feldman and John McKaie both scored it 115-113 in favor.
Derry Mathews beat Tony Luis at Echo Arena in Liverpool on Saturday night. Mathews won the interim WBA lightweight title with a unanimous points decision. Luis was drafted in after Richar Abril and Ismael Barroso both pulled out of the fight .
Manny Pacquiao's trainer Freddie Roach says Floyd Mayweather cannot be considered the best ever. Roach rates super middleweight star Andre Ward and middleweight sensation Gennady Golovkin above the undefeated American .
Paddy Barnes and Michael Conlan are one win away from qualifying for Rio 2016. The pair are currently competing in the World Series of Boxing in Maiquetia, Venezuela. Barnes and Conlan have travelled 34,000 miles in 13 weeks to make it to the Olympics. Click here for more boxing news .
Nicola Adams is hoping to become a double Olympic gold medallist in Rio next year. The 32-year-old is preparing to return to an English ring for the first time since her London 2012 triumph in Liverpool .
Jordan Spieth beat Justin Rose and Phil Mickelson to win The Masters on Sunday. The 21-year-old equalled Tiger Woods' 72-hole record and became the first man to get to 19-under par. Jack Nicklaus believes it is time for the 'young guys to take over'
Caroline Wozniacki was forced to defend herself after she congratulated Jordan Spieth on Twitter. Spieth won the first major of his career with a four-shot victory in the Masters at Augusta . The tennis star was quick to ensure fans it wasn't a dig at her former love interest Rory McIlroy.
Gael Monfils beat Roger Federer 6-4, 7-6 in a thrilling last-16 encounter at the Monte Carlo Masters. The Frenchman will face Grigor Dimitrov in the quarter-finals of the tournament. The world No 18 hit 22 winners to Federer's 17 .
Roger Federer beat Jeremy Chardy 6-2, 6-1 to reach the last 16 of the Monte Carlo Masters. Federer has changed his schedule this year to allow more time for recovery and training. Click here for more.
Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg left Shanghai after the Chinese Grand Prix arguing over the rights and wrongs of how they raced. But Hamilton insists he will do his talking 'on the track' ahead of Sunday's race in the desert of Bahrain .
Mike Tindall's horse Monbeg Dude finished third in the Grand National at Aintree. The former England rugby captain was beaming from ear-to-ear after watching his horse run his heart out in the race  .
Billy Vunipola cleared of intentionally headbutting Leicester full back Mathew Tait. RFU disciplinary panel dismisses charge that England No 8 recklessly led with his head. Saracens will face Clermont Auvergne in Saturday's Champions Cup semi-final.
Saracens face Clermont in the Champions Cup semi-final on Saturday. Billy Vunipola was cited on Monday night for an alleged butt on Leicester's Mathew Tait. Toulon are plotting a move for Australia fly-half Quade Cooper after missing out on Sale's Danny Cipriani.
James Anderson claimed his 384th Test wicket on the final day of the first Test in Antigua. The 32-year-old broke Sir Ian Botham's record which had stood for 23 years . Anderson believes he can still improve as a bowler for England  .
Michael Clarke believes Kevin Pietersen could play in this summer's Ashes Test series. The 34-year-old has not played for England since the fifth Test in Sydney. Pietersen has signed for Surrey with the intent of scoring runs.
MCC plans to replace the 'tired' Tavern and Allen stands at Lord's with a single new structure with 5,500 seats. The redevelopment will increase the overall capacity of Lord's to almost 30,000. The 'Masterplan' has a projected budget of £80million.
Siobhan-Marie O'Connor won gold in the 200m individual medley at the British Championships. Her time of two minutes 09:51 seconds was the fastest recorded in the world this year. The 19-year-old is the reigning Commonwealth champion .
Harry Redknapp resigned as QPR manager in February citing knee problems. The 68-year-old says he would consider a return to management as long as it's at the right club. Former West Ham boss spoke at a charity match.
Mauricio Pochettino unsure whether planned boycott by Newcastle fans will help or hinder Tottenham. Newcastle fans are staging a mass protest against the current regime at St James' Park. Spurs travel to Newcastle in the Premier League on Sunday.
Celtic face Inverness in the Scottish Cup semi-final at Hampden Park on Sunday. The match will take place at 12:15, a time that Scottish football fans do not agree with. Ronny Deila believes teams should have more of a say on kick-off times .
Karim Benzema set to miss Real Madrid's Champions League clash against Atletico Madrid. French striker missed Saturday's 3-1 win against Malaga with a knee injury. Carlo Ancelotti 'hesitating' between playing 4-4-2 or 4-3.
Charlie Austin has scored 17 goals for Queens Park Rangers this season. Harry Kane will be with Gareth Southgate's Under-21 side for the rest of the season. Roy Hodgson has been impressed with Austin's consistency this season . The QPR forward will be monitored by England boss Roy Hodgon for the remainder of the campaign.
Eniola Aluko, Lucy Bronze, Karen Carney, Jess Clarke, Kelly Smith and Ji So-yun have all made the shortlist. Manchester City defender Lucy Bronze is the current holder of the Women's PFA Players' Player of the Year award   .
Toni Duggan posted a photo of her with Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal on Instagram. The Manchester City forward received a number of abusive messages on social media for the photo. The 23-year-old issued an apology on her Facebook page and removed it from Instagram .
Celtic lost 2-1 to Inverness in the Scottish Cup semi-final at Hampdenden on Sunday. Leigh Griffiths said the officials should have awarded a penalty for Josh Meekings' handball. Celtic striker Griffiths blamed the officials for his side's defeat.
Inverness beat Celtic 3-2 in the Scottish Cup semi-final at Hampden . Josh Meekings appeared to get away with a handball on the line which could have led to a penalty and red card. John Hughes says the break was a turning point in the game for Inverness.
Derby County can make sure of a play-off place with victory against Huddersfield. Wigan will be relegated if they fail to win at home to Brighton. Burton will be promoted with a win at Morecambe if Wycombe fail to beat AFC Wimbledon or Bury lose at Portsmouth   .
Eddie Howe has called on Bournemouth fans to inspire the Cherries to win promotion. The Cherries take on Sheffield Wednesday at the Goldsands Stadium on Saturday. Norwich face Middlesbrough on Friday night .
Southampton boss Ronald Koeman accepts it will be difficult to keep hold of Nathaniel Clyne. Manchester United are preparing a bid for England's first-choice right back. Clyne has been linked with a move away from St Mary's this summer.
Morgan Schneiderlin, Yannick Bolasie and Nathaniel Clyne are wanted men in the Premier League this summer. Arsenal and Manchester United are keen to sign Southampton midfielder Schneiderlin. Danny Ings is out of contract at Burnley and is a target for top clubs. West Ham's Aaron Cresswell is wanted by Manchester City and Chelsea .
Nathaniel Clyne has been linked with a move away from Southampton this summer. The right back has been in impressive form for the Saints this season. Clyne admits he wants to play Champions League football for Southampton .
Jermaine Beckford scores 10th goal of the season as Preston held 2-2 by Gillingham. MK Dons close gap on Preston to three points with 3-0 win over Fleetwood. Swindon beat Rochdale 4-2 to stay in promotion hunt.
West Ham signed Aaron Cresswell from Ipswich Town for £2million in July 2014. John Stones signed for Everton from Barnsley for £3m in January 2013. Leonardo Ulloa joined Leicester from Brighton for £8m and has scored seven goals. Dwight Gayleborough joined Crystal Palace.
Tottenham Hotspur midfielder Ryan Mason made his England debut against Italy. The 23-year-old was celebrating team-mate Andros Townsend's equalising goal. Mason's tattoo on his arm became popular online during the celebration .
Jose Mourinho is on the cusp of winning his third Premier League title with Chelsea. Paulo Ferreira expects his compatriot to stay at Stamford Bridge for 'a long, long time' Former defender wants Didier Drogba to extend his stay.
Leeds president Massimo Cellino insists he had nothing to do with the events that led to six players pulling out of Saturday's match against Charlton. Mirco Antenucci, Giuseppe Bellusci, Dario Del Fabro, Marco Silvestri, Souleymane Doukara and Edgar Cani among those to withdraw .
Manchester City have been linked with a £50million move for Raheem Sterling this summer. But Brendan Rodgers says a move to City would not be a step up for the England star. Liverpool face Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley .
Manchester City must have eight homegrown players in their Premier League squad of 25. Homegrown players can be born overseas as long as they have been at a club's academy three years before the age of 21. The Champions League squads of 25 also require eight players to have been trained in England, but four must be homegrown.
Danny Rose has attracted interest from Manchester City after a strong season with Tottenham. The 24-year-old has been called up to the England squad but has yet to receive a full cap. CLICK HERE for all the latest Tottenham news .
Liverpool lost 2-1 to Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on May 30 . Steven Gerrard started in a number of different roles for Brendan Rodgers' side. The midfielder was deployed in a central midfield role but failed to thrive in any of them   .
Arsenal beat Reading 2-1 in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Saturday. Wojciech Szczesny says he feels sorry for Adam Federici after his mistake in extra-time. Arsenal are one win away from defending their title .
Wojciech Szczesny hasn't started a Premier League game for Arsenal since January. David Ospina has been in fine form since his £3.2m move from Nice last summer. Arsenal face Reading in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Saturday. David Seaman believes Szczezesny can become a better goalkeeper .
Malky Mackay's tenure at Wigan Athletic came to an end on Monday following a 2-0 defeat by Derby. Sportsmail revealed in August Mackay was being investigated over 'sexist, racism and homophobic' texts. Dave Whelan's appointment of Mackay did little good for the football club as they face relegation .
Over 45,000 racegoers descend on Aintree for Ladies' Day ahead of Saturday's Crabbies Grand National. Seven races make up the day as they saw Saphir Du Rheu take home the Betfred Mildmay Novices' Chase. A couple of ladies opted to flash the flesh and showed off plenty of cleavage as well as a few tattoos.
Tony McCoy is riding in his 20th Grand National at Aintree this week. The 40-year-old has been bidding his farewells as he heads for retirement. McCoy won the Grand National on Don't Push It in 2010.
Barcelona take on PSG in the Champions League quarter-final first leg on Wednesday night. Lionel Messi has scored 45 goals in 44 games for Barcelona this season. PSG manager Laurent Blanc has described Messi as 'unstoppable' . The second leg will be held at the Nou Camp on April 21.
Spanish newspaper Mundo Deportivo report that an All-Star match has been proposed by a marketing company. Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo would play for 'Team South' against 'Team North' The match would be inspired by the NBA All-Stars Game between Western and Eastern conferences.
Lionel Messi says he is back to his best after a disappointing 2014 that was riddled with injury and off-field drama. The Argentine says he has tried to 'get back to my best through hard work, smiling and effort' Barca are top of La Liga and his personal goal tally's at 45 from 44 games ahead of PSG on Wednesday.
Aston Villa owner Randy Lerner will attend FA Cup semi-final against Liverpool at Wembley on Sunday. Lerner has hardly seen Villa play in person in recent years. American has been publicly trying to sell the club since last May last year .
Aston Villa beat Tottenham 1-0 at White Hart Lane on Saturday afternoon. Christian Benteke scored the only goal of the game in the 35th minute to give the home side the lead. Tottenham's Erik Sanchez was sent off in the second half. Jack Grealish made his first start for Villa.
Christian Benteke gave Aston Villa the lead against Tottenham in the 35th minute of the game. Carlos Sanchez was sent off for a second bookable offence in the final exchanges of the match . The Belgian striker continued his fine form for Villa after scoring a hat-trick against QPR on Tuesday in a 3-3 draw  .
Manchester City currently have a four-point lead over Liverpool in the Premier League. City have two games in hand to make up for the four points they lost to Liverpool on Sunday. City profited from a Liverpool collapse to claim the title last season. Brendan Rodgers has masterminded Liverpool's return to form at the perfect time. City are currently in the race for the final Champions League place .
Tottenham Hotspur beat Arsenal 3-1 in the 1991 FA Cup semi-final at Wembley. Paul Gascoigne scored one of the all-time great free-kicks at the home of football. The goal set Spurs on their way to the final .
Harry Redknapp was at the Emirates to watch Arsenal's 4-1 win over Liverpool on April 4. The former Tottenham boss claims he was attacked with coins and verbally abused by Arsenal fans. The 68-year-old was speaking on Sky Sports' The Fantasy Football Club with Paul Merson.
Bayern Munich are without Arjen Robben, Franck Ribery, Bastian Schweinsteiger and David Alaba through injury. Thomas Muller believes the squad are stronger for their recent injury troubles. Bayern face Porto in the Champions League quarter-final on Wednesday.
Michael Carrick has enjoyed a renaissance at Manchester United this season. The 34-year-old says he wants to try his hand at motorsport when his playing days are over. Carrick admits moving to London at 15 was one of the biggest challenges he has ever faced .
Former Arsenal defender Martin Keown's son Niall scored the winner for Reading. Jack Wilshere made his long-awaited comeback from injury for Arsenal U21s. German forward Serge Gnabry and long-term absentee Abou Diaby also made their returns .
Alexis Sanchez has scored 20 goals in all competitions for Arsenal this season. The Chilean international has been in superb form since arriving from Barcelona last summer. McLintock says Sanchez is the only current player good enough to get into great Arsenal teams. The Gunners face Reading in the FA Cup semi-finals .
Arsene Wenger admits he could not have predicted Arsenal's impressive run of results. Arsenal have won 16 of their last 18 games in all competitions and are second in the Premier League. The Gunners face Reading in the FA Cup semi-final this weekend and host Chelsea next week.
Serge Gnabry played 90 minutes for Arsenal Under 21s against Reading on Monday. The 19-year-old has not played for the first team since March last year. The Germany Under-21 international impressed for the Gunners last season .
Former Bath, Saracens and England prop David 'Flats' Flatman has been touring the Rugby World Cup venues preparing for the tournament. London's Olympic stadium may not be a traditional rugby ground, but the buzz around the game is palpable. Flatman says picking the likes of Danny Cipriani is key to England bringing in new fans at the World Cup this autumn .
Tomas Francis impressed against Alex Corbisiero as Exeter beat Northampton Saints. The 21st 2lb prop helped end Northampton's three-month unbeaten run in the Aviva Premiership. Francis could be fast-tracked through the ranks to face England in the World Cup .
Irish scored three tries through Alex Lewington (two) and Andrew Fenby with Chris Noakes adding two penalties and two conversions. Tom Arscott scored a brace of tries for Sale as Mike Haley claimed the other with Danny Cipriani kicking two penalties. Sale remain seventh in the Aviva Premiership.
Raheem Sterling is stalling on a new £100,000-a-week contract offer from Liverpool. The 20-year-old has been linked with a number of Europe's top clubs. Click here for more Liverpool news .
Newcastle travel to Anfield to face Liverpool in the Premier League on Monday night. John Carver's side are seven points adrift of fourth-placed Manchester City. The Magpies have not won in 13 games under Carver.
Liverpool winger Jordan Ibe has been out for six weeks with a knee injury. The 19-year-old damaged his knee ligaments against Besiktas in the Europa League. Brendan Rodgers will include Ibe in his squad to face Newcastle on Monday. Mario Balotelli remains sidelined with illness .
Raheem Sterling is stalling on a new £100,000-a-week contract offer from Liverpool. The 20-year-old has been linked with a number of Europe's top clubs. Daniel Sturridge believes Sterling will only be happy if he plays regularly for Liverpool. CLICK HERE for all the latest Liverpool news .
Real Madrid face Atletico Madrid in the last eight of the Champions League on Tuesday. Carlo Ancelotti's side must accommodate Cristiano Ronaldo, Gareth Bale and Karim Benzema. Diego Simeone's Atletico will play a 4-4-2 with Arda Turan and Mario Suarez .
Bayern Munich host Porto in the Champions League quarter-final first leg on Wednesday. Pep Guardiola's side are without star players including Arjen Robben, David Alaba, Franck Ribery and Bastian Schweinsteiger. Click here for all the latest news .
Barcelona take on PSG in the Champions League at the Parc des Princes on Wednesday night. Luis Enrique and Laurent Blanc were part of the Barcelona team that won the Spanish Super Cup in 1996. Former Barcelona team-mate Julen Lopetegui is currently Porto.
Philippe Coutinho starred for Liverpool in their 2-0 win against Newcastle United on Monday night. Liverpool sold Luis Suarez to Barcelona for £75million during the summer. Jamie Carragher believes Coutinho is picking up where Suarez left off last season .
Sampdoria president Massimo Ferrero says Mario Balotelli has lost his hunger. The Italian striker is set to leave Liverpool at the end of the season. The 24-year-old has only scored once in the Premier League since joining the club last summer .
Marouane Fellaini has enjoyed an upturn in fortunes at Manchester United this season. Wayne Rooney has hailed his team-mate as one of the best in world football. United travel to Chelsea in the Premier League.
Chelsea face Manchester United at Stamford Bridge on Saturday in the Premier League. Jamie Carragher believes Jose Mourinho will bring Kurt Zouma into midfield to stop Marouane Fellaini. Carragher and Gary Neville believe Mourinho will have a special plan to stop United's run of form. Neville says Mourinho will focus on 'destruction' before hoping to win by taking advantage of set-pieces or Eden Hazard .
Mick McCarthy hails the 'belligerent, stubborn and hard working' qualities of his 'horrible bunch' of players. Ipswich held to 1-1 draw by rivals Wolves at Molineux on Saturday.
Rivals Manchester United, Leeds and Liverpool will all be in London over the weekend. British Transport Police have drafted in 400 extra officers to help with crowds. Officers will be stationed on trains travelling from the north and the Midlands.
Manuel Pellegrini has come under fire for Manchester City's poor form this season. West Ham United boss Sam Allardyce believes the Chilean's job is the hardest in world football. The Hammers host City at the Etihad Stadium on Sunday in the Premier League .
Leicester will escape the drop zone for the first time since November if they beat Swansea at home on Saturday. The Foxes also have to face relegation rivals Sunderland and Burnley away. Nigel Pearson wants to keep a lid on expectations  .
Bolton will offer new contracts to Emile Heskey, Eidur Gudjohnsen and Adam Bogdan. Former England striker Heskey has scored just one goal in nine Championship starts. Goalkeeper Bogdan has also been rewarded with a new deal .
Paul McGowan was handed his third conviction last week for assaulting a police officer. Dundee boss Paul Hartley says he will not risk playing the midfielder again this season. McGowan has been fitted with an electronic tag on his ankle.
Sean Bowen maintained his three-winner lead (45-42) over Nico de Boinville in the Conditional Jockeys title race. The season ends at Sandown on Saturday. US trainer Wesley Ward is to aim Hootenanny and Sunset Glow at Royal Ascot after scratching them .
Dairon Asprilla scored in the 79th minute to lift the Portland Timbers past New York City FC. Teal Bunbury scored one and set up another as the New England Revolution beat the Philadelphia Union 2-1 in Major League Soccer.
Lyon drew 2-2 with Saint-Etienne in the Rhone Valley derby at the Stade de Gerland on Sunday night. Clinton N'Jie gave the hosts the lead before Lindsay Rose was sent off for St Etienne. Christophe Jallet equalised from the spot to send Lyon back to the top of the Ligue 1 table.
Aston Villa beat Liverpool 2-1 in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Sunday. Randy Lerner was expected to make a rare appearance at Wembley after his aunt passed away. The 53-year-old has been trying to sell the club since last May .
Football in Turkey has been suspended for one week following the armed attack on Fenerbahce's team bus. The club's bus came under armed attack as it drove to the airport following an away match at Caykur Rizespor on Saturday. The decision affects both next weekend's Super Lig fixtures and the midweek cup quarter-finals.
Manny Pacquiao trains with his team at Griffith Park in Los Angeles, California ahead of mega-fight with Floyd Mayweather Jnr. The Filipino-fighter will take on the American boxer on May 2 in Las Vegas. Click here for more boxing news .
Manny Pacquiao and Floyd Mayweather will fight on May 2 at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas. The pair will go head-to-head in a $300million mega-fight at the beginning of next month. Click here for all the latest boxing news .
Ronnie O'Sullivan will play Craig Steadman in the first round of the Betfred World Championship. Steadman visited the theatre to watch his friend Nick Dyson play Ken Doherty in 2001. Defending champion Mark Selby will play Norwegian Kurt Maflin at the Crucible .
Former world champion Ken Doherty trails Mark Davis 8-1 after the first session of qualifying. The 45-year-old faces an uphill battle to avoid becoming the third Crucible winner to crash out this week, following Peter Ebdon .
Ronnie O'Sullivan reveals what goes through his mind while waiting for his opponent to finish at the table. The world No 2 admits that waiting makes his mind wander to whether he's going to make his dinner or not. The 39-year-old is Forever Sports' May cover star for the magazine .
Manchester City lost 4-2 to rivals Manchester United at Old Trafford on Sunday. Manuel Pellegrini's side are now fourth in the Premier League table. Pablo Zabaleta admits his side's confidence is low.
Manchester City lost 4-2 to Manchester United in Sunday's derby at Old Trafford. Joe Hart admits it was one of his 'worst days in a Man City shirt' in the Premier League.
Manchester United beat City 3-0 in the Manchester derby on Sunday. Goals from Ashley Young, Marouane Fellaini, Juan Mata and Chris Smalling secured the win. Louis van Gaal's side now sit top of the table against the top seven .
Eathan Cruse, 19, was one of five men taken into custody after anti-terror raids in Melbourne on Saturday. He said officers assaulted him after he had been handcuffed. His father, Glen, also said he was brutally attacked by police during the raid, and his son was hospitalised as a result of injuries .
Bull sharks can grow up to 11.5ft long, live up to 16 years in the wild, and are considered among the most likely species to attack humans in the world.
Vanessa Moe's debut collection at Mercedes Benz Fashion Week Australia featured plastic bag-like headwear. Brazilian-born designer was one of six newbies selected to present their designs to a global audience.
Australian Olympian Jana Pittman is believed to have given birth to her second child, a daughter named Emily. The two-time world champion hurdler has been congratulated by the official Australian Olympic team's Twitter. The 32-year-old plans to compete in both the Beijing World Championships and the 2016 Rio Olympics. Pittman used an anonymous sperm donor to help conceive her baby girl .
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-2 in the derby at Old Trafford on Sunday. Louis van Gaal's side are now four points clear at the top of the Premier League table. Manchester City have lost four consecutive games against United in all competitions this season. Sportsmail gives their verdict on the derby win and City's plight.
Andy Lee was hoping to make his first defence of the WBO middleweight title on Saturday. American Peter Quillin failed to make the required 160lb weight for the bout in New York. The bout will no longer be a title fight after Quillin missed weight.
Josh Warrington eased to a lop-sided points win over Dennis Tubieron in Leeds. The 24-year-old has been billed as the next Ricky Hatton due to his impressive fan base at the First Direct Arena .
Scott Quigg offered Carl Frampton £1.5m for a British super-fight on Tuesday. Super-bantamweight world champion Frampton has dismissed the offer as a 'publicity stunt' . Click here for more boxing news .
Falkirk beat Hibernian 1-0 in the Scottish Cup semi-final at Hampden Park on Saturday. Falkirk manager Peter Houston said his team scored all of their goals from crosses. Alan Stubbs was not happy with comments.
Fiorentina lost 1-0 at home to Hellas Verona after conceding a late goal in the 90th minute. Mounir Obbadi scored from close range after Alessandro Diamanti missed a second-half penalty. Fiore are now nine points behind third-placed Roma.
The 250-piece collection sold out almost immediately online and in stores on Sunday morning. Pieces from the diffusion line have popped up on eBay at prices up to ten times the retail price. Target has instated a 14-day return policy for rejected items .
The shop, which will stock 'Islamically approved' adult items, is due to open in Mecca in Saudi Arabia. It is being led by the owner of an existing Dutch Halal sex shop called El Asira, known for oils.
Atletico Madrid face Real Madrid in their Champions League quarter-final second leg on Wednesday. Diego Simeone admits he is surprised there are no English clubs in the last eight of the competition. Chelsea, Arsenal and Manchester City were eliminated at the last 16 stage. Everton were dumped out of the Europa League in the previous round .
Grayson Hand, who is battling leukemia, joins the Huskies with the help of Team IMPACT. The organization matches children with life-threatening and chronic illness to college sports teams. Hand will have his own locker and can attend as many games and practices as he likes.
Nikki and Kyle Kuchenbecker from Illinois went about perfecting a routine to the toe-tapping pop song, Classic by MKTO. Video footage shows them getting into the groove with an attentive audience watching on. To date, the clip of them in action has been watched more than 900,000 times.
It's been a longtime tradition for the Conga to play during Memphis Grizzlies games. Spectators are often filmed attempting to play the imaginary drums but one competitor who continues to turn heads is mother-of-two, Malenda Meacham.
The 53-second video, posted on YouTube, features footage of the unnamed woman recording an incident involving multiple officers in South Gate on Sunday. The woman who had been attempting to speak to some of the officers is approached by a tall man strapped with a riffle who suddenly lunges at her and grabs her phone.
Footage shows the skater confidently sailing down a concrete slope in Santa Monica, Los Angeles. For a short moment he scrapes along the ground on his stomach and rolls over several times before coming to a stop.
FC United of Manchester win Evo-Stik Northern Premier title with 1-0 win over Stourbridge. Club set up in protest at Glazer family's takeover of Manchester United. Fans invaded the pitch at the final whistle.
Manchester United are to hand trials to MK Dons teenagers Luke Tingey and Kyran Wiltshire. The pair are expected to spend a few days at Carrington as coaches assess their fitness. United are looking to boost squad numbers ahead of next season's UEFA U19 Youth League .
Diego Simeone is hoping to lead Atletico Madrid to a second successive Champions League final. The Atleti boss has exacted his revenge on Real Madrid at every turn since losing to them last year. The teams drew 0-0 in the first leg of their quarter-final.
Gianluigi Buffon has picked his Champions League dream team for Juventus. The Italian goalkeeper has played with some of the world's best players over the past 20 years. Buffon hails Andrea Pirlo, Roberto Carlos, Paolo Maldini, Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo in team .
Real Madrid face Atletico Madrid in the Champions League quarter-final second leg on Wednesday night. The two sides played out a goalless draw in the first leg of their last-16 tie last week. Diego Simeone's side have won four of the last eight meetings between the two sides over the past eight months .
Steve McClaren's future will be decided at the end of the season with Newcastle United interested. Paul Clement is a leading candidate to replace McClaren if he leaves Derby. Derby are looking to secure promotion to the Premier League via the play-offs .
Joe Gomez is one of the most wanted young players in the country. The 17-year-old is valued at £8m by Championship side Charlton. City lost 3-1 to Chelsea in the FA Youth Cup final .
Former Manchester United defender Patrice Evra says Sir Alex Ferguson told him he would be a great coach. Evra spent eight years at Old Trafford, winning five Premier League titles. The 33-year-old says he has already taken some of his coaching badges at Juventus .
Bobby Moore died from bowel and liver cancer on February 4, 1993, at the age of 51. Bianca Westwood, Rob Lee and Clare Balding among those showing their support on Twitter. Football Shirt Friday kicked off in April to coincide with bowel cancer.
Martina Hingis faces Poland's Agnieszka Radwanksa in the Fed Cup for Switzerland on Saturday. The 34-year-old was ranked No 1 in the world for 209 weeks in her prime and is poised to return on Saturday .
Arsenal face Reading in the FA Cup semi-finals at Wembley on Saturday. The famous trophy was on show at Alton Towers theme park ahead of the clash. The Gunners are the favourites to retain the famous trophy at Wembley .
Wellington Silva signed for Arsenal in January 2011 from Fluminese for a fee of £3.5million. He has not been able to play for the club without a work permit for four years. The Brazilian jubilantly revealed on Twitter that he has been awarded Spanish nationality. Click here for all the latest Arsenal news.
Atletico Madrid beat Real Madrid 1-0 in the Champions League quarter-final first leg on Tuesday. Mario Mandzukic clashed with Sergio Ramos and Dani Carvajal during the game. Diego Simeone may have fretted about losing Diego Costa when he signed for Chelsea. But the Croatia international played the role of warrior to perfection .
Atletico Madrid beat Real Madrid 1-0 in the Champions League quarter-final first leg on Tuesday. Jan Oblak kept a clean sheet as he denied Gareth Bale and Cristiano Ronaldo. The Slovenian has impressed since joining from Benfica .
Wilfried Zaha posted a photo on his Instagram account showing him in close-up shots for FIFA 16. The England international has been in fine form for Crystal Palace since making his move to Selhurst Park permanent .
Javier Hernandez is 'ready' to lead the line for Real Madrid against Atletico, according to AS. The 26-year-old is on a season-long loan from Manchester United. Hernandez has scored two goals in his last two games for Real. Click here for all the latest news .
Jurgen Klopp announced on Wednesday that he will be leaving Borussia Dortmund in the summer. The German has been linked with a number of leading clubs around Europe. Arsene Wenger branded the 'circus' around Klopp's decision as 'ridiculous'
Bayern Munich sporting director Matthias Sammer believes the club must focus on the future. The 47-year-old was speaking to BT Sport as part of a special documentary 'Inside Bayern Munich with Owen Hargreaves' . Sammer insists Bayern must make plans to cope without the likes of Philipp Lahm and Xabi Alonso  .
Ivan Novoseltsev proposed to girlfriend Katerina Keyru after FC Rostov's 1-0 win against Torpedo Moscow. The 23-year-old got down on one knee at the Olimp-2 stadium as his team-mates watched on .
Ceahlaul Piatra Neamt have sacked Brazilian coach Ze Maria for the second time in a week. Former Brazil defender was fired on Wednesday after a poor run of results. The Romanian club are six points adrift of safety  .
Benik Afobe says he feels 'unstoppable' at the moment as he bids to become the country's top scorer. The striker has scored 31 times for MK Dons and Wolves - just one ahead of Tottenham hotshot Harry Kane  .
Jesper Blomqvist helped coach youngsters from Manchester United Foundation's Street Red project. Midfielder was a key cog in Sir Alex Ferguson's treble-winning season of 1998-99. The Swede played 67 minutes in the Champions League final victory against Bayern Munich in Barcelona .
Paranormal investigator Jayne Harris, based in Shrewsbury, Shropshire, said she has received influx of messages from people describing chest pains, nausea and crippling headaches. One woman, who wishes to remain anonymous, even suffered an alleged heart attack after watching a video of Mrs Harris and Peggy in a car.
Barcelona beat Paris Saint-Germain 3-1 in the first leg of their Champions League semi-final tie. Zlatan Ibrahimovic was suspended for the second leg after he was sent off against Chelsea . The Swede has never won the Champions League as a player but has plenty of bragging rights over his career .
The 90-second clip was filmed by a witness in an indoor area restricted to workers at King Khalid International Airport. Two supervisors and three baggage handlers have been sacked after the video surfaced.
The custom-made piano features half a million Swarovski crystals. Created for an 'influential Sheikh' in Doha, Qatar. Goldfinch, a Cambridge-based piano maker, took six months to build it.
Charlene of Monaco presented tennis ace Novak Djokovic with Sportsman of the Year prize. The 37-year-old presented the award during the Laureus World Sports Awards in Monte Carlo.
This year's Vivid Sydney festival starts on May 22 and runs until June 8 from 6pm-midnight each night. The festival will feature over 60 light installations and 140 artists. Exhibits will be on display at Circular Quay, The Rocks, Darling Harbour, Pyrmont, Martin Place and the Museum of Contemporary Art.
Anyone trying to access the bank's page for the Young Entrepreneur Awards was greeted by images of women posing naked or having sex. Porn site took over address after awards were scrapped in 2011 and organisers allowed registration to retire .
Lihi Yona filmed the black pup enthusiastically jumping around in time to the squirts of water. Each time the water sprays, the canine flies through the air.
WPLG reporter Roger Lohse was reporting on an 800-acre blaze in southwest Miami-Dade. His cameraman pointed out something behind him, and he went to investigate. Firefighters plucked kitten from smoldering.
The video was uploaded to Twitter on Tuesday morning by popular Sydney radio duo Fitzy and Wippa. It comes in the wake of heavy storms which battered Sydney overnight. The video was originally posted by Sydneysider Darren Johnson in June 2012 .
Taylor Lynn Fast, 21, told police her daughter Layla was bruised and unresponsive because of a spider bite. 17-month-old Layla had been dead for hours by the time paramedics arrived at her home in Festus, Missouri.
The video will play during the 47 seconds it will take visitors to reach the 102nd floor observatory. At the start of the ascent, the film shows the city as an expanse of wild vegetation and marshes before it was settled by the Dutch in the 1600s. The observatory opens on May 29.
Campbell has listed a second property for sale in the same exclusive neighbourhood of Chelsea. He bought it in 2011 for £4.25million after staging a sit-in at an estate agents' to secure it for his family.
Four Royal Navy sailors appeared in court in Dartmouth, Nova Scotia, today. They were given identical but unusual bail conditions that could see them live on a Canadian naval base. Bail was set at over £2,000 for each of them but they also agreed to surrender their passports. They will also continue to work for the Royal Navy and draw their current pay  .
Giorgio Armani, 80, spoke of his disapproval of women with breast enlargements and men who work out too much. The designer, who has amassed a personal fortune of £5billion, emphasised his appreciation of beauty.
Video footage shows Corporal James Bass of North Carolina sneaking up behind his son Joshua while he strikes a formal pose in front of a scenic backdrop. Joshua spots his father pulling a goofy jazz hands pose in the background and turns around to see him standing there.
Zinedine Zidane is confident Paris Saint-Germain can beat Barcelona and progress to the Champions League semi-finals. PSG lost the first leg 3-1 at home to Barcelona in the quarter-final last week. Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Marco Verratti will be available for PSG after missing the first-leg tie .
Porto manager Julen Lopetegui believes his side will have to hit top form to progress against Bayern Munich. The Portuguese side hold a 3-1 first leg advantage in the Champions League quarter-final, but are unbeaten this season.
Bonne was rescued from Puerto Rico and is a Sato, which means mixed breed or street dog. Bonnie's new owner feeds her a dish of food away from his other dog Clyde who is also scarfing down a meal  .
The black bears were spotted in the Government Hill area of Anchorage, Alaska, several days in a row. Officials with Alaska's Department of Fish and Game ruled Thursday that killing the family was the only option. Once they develop a taste for trash they are likely to return even if moved .
Jay Hart, 24, could be heard laughing on the mobile phone footage as he was caught romping with the mystery blonde. He was dismissed after the sex clip of his tryst at Mossley AFC in Tameside was shared on social media. He has now begged for his 25-year-old girlfriend Bryony Hibbert's forgiveness .
England are the most successful team in the history of the Victory Shield. Wales are the current holders of the competition. The Football Association have decided to withdraw from future tournaments. The decision was made in response to Sky Sports' move to withdraw funding and propose an altered format .
Salford City clinched the Evo-Stik League First Division North title on 92 points. Title rivals Darlington 1883 could only draw 1-1 with Warrington Town to miss out on the title. Salford will play in the Conference North next season. Gary and Phil Neville took to Twitter to express their delight at gaining promotion.
Southend United beat Bury 1-0 on Tuesday night to move into fourth place. A David Worrall free-kick puts Phil Brown's side behind Wycombe on goal difference. Bury had started the night a point ahead of Southend after beating Portsmouth.
MK Dons beat Doncaster 3-0 to keep the heat on Preston at the top of League One. Preston remain in pole position to join Bristol City in the Championship next season. Rochdale kept their faint play-off hopes alive with a 1-0 win over Leyton.
Luke Bryant, 25, was sat with Southampton fans when he ran onto the pitch at St Mary's. Father-of-two admitted 'going onto an area adjacent to a playing area' of the Football Act 1991  .
Liverpool lost 2-1 to Aston Villa in the FA Cup final at Wembley on Sunday night. Steven Gerrard will leave the club at the end of the season for LA Galaxy. Kolo Toure admits Gerrard is 'sad' but feels sorry for fans .
Didier Drogba has withdrawn from Monday's 'Match against Poverty' in St Etienne. Chelsea striker picked up an ankle injury against Manchester United on Saturday. Diego Costa and Loic Remy both missed Saturday's 1-0 win over the Red Devils at Stamford Bridge .
Jordan Spieth won his maiden major at Augusta National on Sunday. Rory McIlroy's bid to win all four major titles ended in fourth place. Graeme McDowell believes Jordan Spieth may not be the only rival Rory Mcilroy faces .
Justin Rose finished second at the Masters despite carding a 14-under-par total. The Englishman had struggled to hit top form going into the tournament. Rose hopes to follow in the footsteps of Rory McIlroy .
Caroline Wozniacki shared a video of one of her first on court interviews as an 11-year-old. The former world No 1 signed off the clip by saying: 'See you at Roland Garros' The Dane has never won a grand slam title but has reached the US Open final twice .
Will Stevens has been using the facilities at St George's Park to help him climb the Formula One ladder. The Manor driver has access to an exercise bike, treadmill and rowing machine. Stevens is preparing to race in the Bahrain Grand Prix.
Jockey Andrea Atzeni will ride Terror in Wednesday’s Landwades Nell Gwyn Stakes at Newmarket. Terror finished fourth in the Group One Cheveley Park Stakes over six furlongs last September. Trainer Richard Hannon is represented by Osaila and Marsh Hawk .
Many Clouds won the Grand National at Aintree on Saturday with a weight of 11st 9lb. Trainer Oliver Sherwood has also floated the possibility of a rematch with his Cheltenham Gold Cup conqueror Coneygree in Newbury’s Hennessy Gold Cup in November .
Ruby Walsh acted as flag man to warn the field to go wide at the Canal Turn. Balthazar King received treatment from a vet on the track for at least an hour before being taken to an equine hospital .
Many Clouds won the Grand National for trainer Oliver Sherwood and jockey Leighton Aspell. Many Clouds was a third winner of the race for owner Trevor Hemmings. The 38-year-old won last year's race on Pineau De Re.
Saracens take on Clermont at the Stade Geoffrey-Guichard in the French Top 14 semi-final on Saturday . Wesley Fofana, Brad Barritt and Billy Vunipola will be key to Saracens' success . Clermon must keep their discipline and not concede penalties at the breakdown . The French side must keep the crowd quiet and keep the fans at home  .
The 33-year-old joined the Exiles last year after playing for Bath, Gloucester, Racing Metro, Grenoble and Scarlets. Barkley won 23 Test caps for England before joining Welsh .
Brian O'Driscoll believes English clubs need Roman Abramovich-style investment. Saracens face Clermont Auvergne in the Champions Cup semi-finals on Saturday. The Irish legend believes the domestic game needs to readdress the balance. O' Driscoll also believes scrapping the salary cap would be dangerous.
 Ulster and Ireland prop Declan Fitzpatrick has retired from rugby on medical grounds. The 31-year-old had 'experienced a number of concussive episodes' in recent seasons, according to the Guinness PRO12.
Marcelo Bosch has signed a contract extension at Saracens until 2019. The 31-year-old kicked a last-minute penalty to secure victory over Racing Metro. Argentina centre joined the club from Biarritz in 2013.
Wasps wing Christian Wade did not attend a charity event for Matt Hampson Foundation. Andy Goode accused the 23-year-old of having 'bad values' for dropping out of the event. Goode tweeted: 'Bad values from @ChristianWade3 agreeing to come to @Hambofoundation then saying he's too tired' .
Cleront Auvergne face Saracens in the Champions Cup semi-final on Saturday. Jonathan Davies says Clermont are relishing the prospect of a home crowd of 18,000 at St Etienne.
Jeff Williams has agreed a deal to join Bath at the end of the season. The 26-year-old helped England win the Tokyo Sevens earlier this month. Williams has scored 36 tries on the World Series circuit .
The SRU have clinched the biggest shirt sponsorship deal in their history after agreeing a £3.6million contract over three years with BT. The Scotland shirt will have BT branding on it rather than RBS from the summer, taking over from ousted backers RBS.
Ankit Keshri died after suffering a cardiac arrest following an on-field injury. The 20-year-old died after colliding with a team-mate during a club match in Kolkata. Sachin Tendulkar pays tribute.
Ian Bell says he never expected England to win the series in the West Indies without a struggle. The West Indies hung on for a draw in the first Test in Antigua to draw the series 1-1.
Lancashire's Liam Livingstone scored a reported world-record 350 for Nantwich Town. The 21-year-old scored 34 fours and 27 sixes in his 138-ball innings against Caldy .
Nottinghamshire reached 393 for seven at stumps on the opening day of their LV= County Championship match against Yorkshire. Alex Hales was unbeaten on 222 not out at Trent Bridge. Hales passed three figures for the 10th time.
Liam Plunkett and Mark Wood impressed in the nets on Sunday ahead of the second Test . Moeen Ali has joined up with the England squad after missing the first Test through injury . England must decide whether to stick with the attack that failed to force a first Test win in Antigua .
Kevin Pietersen was making his first LV= County Championship appearance since June 2013. The Surrey batsman was dismissed for 19 on his Championship return against Glamorgan. The 34-year-old is hoping for an England return against Australia in the first Ashes Test .
Mark Selby beat Kurt Maflin 6-3 in their first round match at the Crucible. The 31-year-old from Leicester rocked Ronnie O'Sullivan in last year's final to claim his maiden Crucible title.
Caster Semenya reclaimed the South African 800-meter title on Saturday. The former 800 world title-holder won in 2 minutes, 5.05 seconds in Stellenbosch. She is looking to qualify for the World Championships.
Mark Selby faces Kurt Maflin in the first round of the World Snooker Championship on Saturday. No first-time winner has retained his title the next year at the Crucible. Jimmy White has tipped Selby as one of his 'three to watch' .
Michael Phelps claimed 100 metres butterfly victory at Arena Pro Swim Series in Arizona. Phelps won the race in a time of 52.38 seconds, edging out Ryan Lochte. The 18-time Olympic gold-medallist was suspended for six months last September.
Liam Phillips won the 2013 BMX world title and was the World Cup series champion in 2014. The 26-year-old hopes to use this year to hone his tactics ahead of the 2016 Olympics. Click here for more BMX news.
Aaron Cook's application to switch allegiances to Moldova has been approved by British Olympic Association. The 24-year-old applied for citizenship earlier this month after receiving funding from Moldovan billionaire Igor Iuzefovici. British Olympic chief Bill Sweeney says the association worked 'really hard' to keep Cook on board.
Arsenal Under-21s lost 3-2 to Middlesbrough at the Riverside Stadium on Monday night. Goalkeeper Deyan Iliev was sent off inside 15 minutes after scything down Harry Chapman. Boro built up a two-goal lead before half-time through Lewis Maloney and Yanic Wildschut.
Manchester United lost 1-0 to Chelsea in their Premier League clash on Saturday. Eden Hazard scored the only goal of the game at Stamford Bridge. Juan Mata returned to Stamford Bridge for the first time since leaving the club last year.
Tony Pulis has never managed to guide a team into the top half of the Premier League. The West Brom boss has never finished higher than 11th in his seven seasons in the top flight. Alan Pardew could guide Crystal Palace into top half this season.
Hull face Southampton at the KC Stadium on Saturday without a win in five games. Steve Bruce's side are two points above the bottom three after wins over QPR and Leicester. The Tigers boss admits his side need some 'crazy results' .
Leicester beat Swansea 2-0 at the King Power Stadium on Saturday to move up to 17th in the Premier League. The Foxes have now won three Premier League games in a row for the first time since 2000. Nigel Pearson's side are taking more chances and have scored more goals than ever before .
Newcastle lost 3-1 to Tottenham at St James' Park in the Premier League on Sunday. Thousands of fans stayed away from the game in protest at the way the club is run. Mike Ashley has been urged to invest in the club or risk losing a generation .
Alan Pardew's five-game winning run was crucial to Newcastle's season. The Magpies would only be on 20 points without that run without it . Newcastle are currently joint bottom of the Premier League with Burnley.
Yannick Bolasie scored a second-half hat-trick as Crystal Palace thrashed Sunderland 4-0 at the Stadium of Light on Saturday. Glenn Murray opened the scoring for the Eagles with a 48-year-old header after just 31 minutes. Connor Wickham pulled one back for the Black Cats with an 89th-minute strike. Palace have now won four games in a row and sit fifth in the Premier League, two points behind Chelsea.
Sam Allardyce is out of contract at the end of the season and could leave West Ham. Garry Monk has been touted as a potential replacement for the Hammers boss. But the Swansea boss insists Allardyc is the perfect man for the job .
Dele Alli signed for Tottenham from MK Dons for £5million in January. The 19-year-old midfielder has been loaned back to his boyhood club MK. Alli believes Tottenham are the 'perfect' club for him .
Ryan Hardie scored a brace on his full debut for Rangers against Dumbarton on Saturday. The 18-year-old had made just four substitute appearances before facing the Sons. Mark Wilson opened the scoring for the Sons before Haris Vuckic added a third .
Stuart McCall is relaxed about the prospect of Rangers finishing third in the Scottish Championship. The Gers currently lead the way in the race for second spot in the Championship. McCall's side travel to Dumbarton on Saturday looking to finish second .
Dave King faces a challenge to convince the SFA he is a 'fit and proper' person to be chairman of Rangers. The South Africa-based businessman ousted the previous directors last month. Rangers want SFA clearance for King before commencing with a cash-raising rights issue .
Liverpool will look to shed Mario Balotelli, Mario Borini and Rickie Lambert at the end of the season. Danny Ings, James Milner, Petr Cech, Memphis Depay and Asier Illarramendi are all targets for Brendan Rodgers. Click here for all the latest Liverpool transfer news with Sportsmail.
FC United of Manchester's new 5,000-capacity stadium Broadhurst Park is nearing completion. The ground is a far cry from the glamour and glitz of Old Trafford. Broadhurst cost the democratic club a whopping £6.5m to build .
Tehsin Nayani spent six years as spokesman for the Glazer family. His book, 'The Glazer Gatekeeper', challenges popular perception about the US owners. The Glazers' takeover of Manchester United was met with huge protests in 2004. Nayani reveals the family were 'completely unruffled' by the mass protests that greeted their arrival.
Barcelona want limited departures from the first team this summer because they can't sign players until January. They also want to blood young players from their B-team out on loan at higher leagues. At Real Madrid the need for a clear-out could make the exodus bigger than in most other seasons. Martin Odegaard will need a loan club next season.
Wojciech Szczesny turned 25 on Saturday after Arsenal beat Reading 2-1 in the FA Cup semi-final. The Arsenal goalkeeper was joined by his girlfriend Mariana Luczenko at his London home for a surprise party. Polish rock band, Lemon, performed a private birthday performance at his home  .
John Carver says he has the hardest job in football as head coach of Newcastle United. Fans are unhappy at how the club is being run under Mike Ashley. Thousands of supporters plan to boycott Sunday's match against Tottenham Hotspur.
Aaron Cresswell has been linked with a move to Manchester City this summer. West Ham boss Sam Allardyce believes the 25-year-old should stay at Upton Park. The Hammers full back scored a stunning free-kick against Stoke on Saturday to put them in front .
Johann Gudmundsson scored in the 16th minute to earn Charlton a point at The Valley. Ross McCormack had given Fulham the lead after eight minutes with a header over Stephen Henderson . Fulham now sit 20th in the Championship table  .
Mauricio Pochettino believes Harry Kane and Ryan Mason have been affected by England call-up. The pair have not been able to show consistency since returning from international duty. Tottenham face Newcastle at White Hart Lane on Saturday.
Juventus named their second oldest side in Champions League history on Tuesday night. Gianluigi Buffon (37), Giorgio Chiellini (30), Stefan Lichtsteiner (31), Patrice Evra (33), Andrea Pirlo (35) and Carlos Tevez (31) all started the match .
Ashley Young is finally feeling like a senior member of the Manchester United squad. The 29-year-old moved to Old Trafford in June 2011 from Aston Villa. Young now feels he has an important role to play under Louis van Gaal at the club   .
Amir Khan announced Chris Algieri as his next opponent on YouTube last week. Khan has been criticised for rejecting a potential £5million fight against Kell Brook at Wembley on June 13. Reports in America suggest Showtime are not interested in showing a fight between him and Algier .
Manny Pacquiao takes to social media to show off his ripped physique ahead of fight against Floyd Mayweather. Filipino boxer poses for picture with NBA star Jeremy Lin and Saved by the Bell actor Mario Lopez. Mayweather has admitted he has fallen out of love with boxing  .
Newcastle keeper Tim Krul congratulated Jermain Defoe on goal at half-time against Sunderland. Sportsmail's Jamie Carragher and Danny Murphy have criticised Krul for his actions. Bobby Moore's famous hug with Pele in 1970 is often held up as the peak of sportsmanship .
Tomas Berdych advanced to the semi-finals of the Monte Carlo Masters after Milos Raonic retired with a foot injury. Raonic called a trainer after dropping serve for the second time to trail 5-2 in the first set . The Czech will face either Grigor Dimitrov or Gael Monfils.
Rafael Nadal beats John Isner to reach the quarter-finals of the Monte Carlo Masters. Roger Federer loses to Gael Monfils in straight sets. Novak Djokovic and Tomas Berdych will meet in the other quarter-final.
Grigor Dimitrov beat Stan Wawrinka 6-1, 6-2 to reach the quarter-finals of the Monte Carlo Masters. The Bulgarian will play Gael Monfils in the last eight. The Swiss No 2 looked listless and disinterested in his defeat to the world No 9 .
Chelsea are weighing up a move for West Ham striker Enner Valencia in the summer. Jose Mourinho earmarked the Ecuadorian in January as he chased Juan Cuadrado and Douglas Costa. Chelsea are offering a new contract to Patrick Bamford but he will go out on loan.
Patrick Bamford scored his 19th goal of the season in Middlesbrough's 2-1 win over Wolves on Tuesday. The 21-year-old's form has led his parent club Chelsea to open talks over a new deal. Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho has been impressed with his attitude .
Wojciech Szczesny will start in goal for Arsenal against Reading in the FA Cup semi-final on Saturday. Arsene Wenger admits Szczeny lost his place to David Ospina after a number of errors this season .
Steve Clarke's Reading side face Arsenal in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Saturday. The Royals boss insists his side must be 'perfect' to have any chance of beating the Gunners. Clarke has never beaten Arsene Wenger as a manager.
Reading face Arsenal in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Saturday night. Steve Clarke's side had to play Bradford in the last round on a Monday after playing on a Saturday. The Royals face a much tougher task when they face the Gunners .
Jessica Ennis-Hill, Mo Farah and Greg Rutherford will compete at the Sainsbury's Anniversary Games. The three-day extravaganza will take place at the Olympic Stadium on July 24-26. Tickets are now on sale to the general public at britishathletics.org.uk.
Adrian Heath is manager of the newest MLS team Orlando City. The former Everton and Manchester City midfielder has been in the league for eight years. Steven Gerrard will join LA Galaxy in the summer after 17 seasons at Liverpool  .
NBC have more than doubled US interest in England's elite division in past two years. In 2012-13, some 13 million different Americans watched at least one top-flight English game live. Last season that was 32 million  .
Manuel Pellegrini's side trained at their Etihad Campus base on Wednesday. Sergio Aguero was back to his menacing best as he took part in shooting practice. Yaya Toure and Samir Nasri are reportedly two players City are willing to listen to offers for in the summer.
David Villa cheered on former club Atletico Madrid during Champions League clash with Real Madrid. New York City FC posted a photo of Villa on their official Instagram account. The former Spain international spent a year at Vicente Calderon last season .
Eight of United’s first-team squad and six from City are from Spain or Spanish-speaking countries. Nine English-speakers are expected to be in the two sides’ respective 18-man squads. Unless Tyler Blackett makes a comeback for United there won't be any Mancunians in either squad on Sunday .
Ronda Rousey visited Manny Pacquiao's training camp in Los Angeles. The UFC women's bantamweight champion said she was 'truly honoured to meet such a humble and genuine person' . The Filipino boxer posted an image of the pair on Twitter .
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will fight in Las Vegas on May 2. The American will hold an open workout for the media on Tuesday night. The session will be streamed live from 12am UK (7pm EDT)  .
Manny Pacquiao will be put through his paces at the Wild Card gym in Los Angeles this evening. The Filipino icon will be under the watchful eye of trainer Freddie Roach. Floyd Mayweather was almost two hours late for his workout.
Manny Pacquiao has shown off his musical talent by directing and performing in a music video. The Filipino boxer is joined by several of his compatriots as he sings and performs in 'I'm fighting for Filipinos' music video   .
Floyd Mayweather faces Manny Pacquiao in Las Vegas on May 2. The fight is expected to draw revenue of around $400m (£273m) with both fighters picking up huge pay days. Kenny Bayless and Tony Weeks are the frontrunners to referee the bout.
Floyd Mayweather rang his car dealer at 3am to order a £1.5million Bugatti to be delivered in 12 hours. The super-car was delivered just 11 hours later and added to his collection of impressive motors. Mayweather's mega-fight with Manny Pacquiao is just three weeks away .
Floyd Mayweather's personal chef reveals he loves his snacks on 'snack day' 'Chef Q' fills two shopping trolleys and spends $321.43 (around £220) on snacks. Mayweather is down to within three-and-a-half pounds of welterweight.
Theo Walcott has just over 12 months left on his current £90,000-a-week contract at Arsenal. The 26-year-old has attracted interest from Liverpool and Manchester City. Walcott is scheduled to sit down with Gunners chiefs over the next two weeks to discuss his future .
Atletico Madrid know how to replace stars, from David De Gea to Thibaut Courtois to Jan Oblak. The secret of their success is often exactly that – a secret. Jorge Mendes has worked closely with the club and with its managing director Miguel Angel Gil Marin across the last five years   .
Philipp Lahm and Owen Hargreaves played together at Bayern Munich from 2000-2007. The German midfielder has won six Bundesliga titles and the Champions League. Lahm has played at right-back, left-back and as a defensive midfielder with club and country. Click here for more Bayern Munich news.
Atletico Madrid drew 0-0 with Real Madrid in their Champions League clash on Tuesday night. Miranda criticised the performance of Serbian referee Milorad Mazic. The Brazil defender said officials from 'lower leagues' should not be allowed to referee high-profile games .
Atletico Madrid drew 0-0 with Real Madrid in Champions League quarter-final first leg. Mario Mandzukic appeared to be elbowed and bitten by Real Madrid's Daniel Carvajal. Paul Scholes claims the Croatian striker was over-reacting to the challenges. CLICK HERE for all the latest Real Madrid news .
Real Madrid drew 0-0 with Atletico Madrid at the Vicente Calderon on Tuesday night. Gareth Bale and Cristiano Ronaldo failed to find the net in the first half. The pair's understanding on the pitch still looks like it needs some working on  .
Real Madrid drew 0-0 with city rivals Atletico Madrid in the Madrid derby on Tuesday. Jan Oblak impressed for Atletico, while Real could have settled the tie in the first half. Barcelona face Paris Saint-Germain in their Champions League quarter-final on Wednesday. Arturo Vidal scored the only goal of the game as Juventus beat Monaco 1-0 in Monaco .
Yannick Bolasie scored three goals as Crystal Palace beat Sunderland 4-1 at the Stadium of Light. Arsenal kept up their impressive recent form with a 1-0 win over Burnley at Turf Moor. Brad Guzan made a number of important saves to keep Tottenham at bay. Crystal Palace's Wilfried Zaha was a constant menace for Palace .
Wilfried Zaha admits he felt 'worthless' during his two-year spell at Manchester United. The winger made just four appearances for United in two years with the club. Zaha has rediscovered his form at Crystal Palace .
Eric Cantona insists You and the Night is a 'piece of art' and not a soft porn film. Former Manchester United midfielder stars alongside French actress Beatrice Dalle in the French film. The 48-year-old was speaking at the Laureus Sports Awards in Shanghai . Click here for all the latest Manchester United news.
Eric Cantona says Javier Pastore is the 'most creative' player in the world. The former Manchester United striker was speaking at the Laureus World Sports Awards in Shanghai. Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi have been overlooked by Cantona. Barcelona forward Lionel Messi has scored 45 goals this season .
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-2 in their Premier League derby on Sunday. Eric Cantona believes Louis van Gaal's philosophy is perfect fit for Old Trafford. The former United captain believes the Red Devils can win the league under Van Gaal. Cantona was speaking at the Laureus Sports Awards in Shanghai on Tuesday. He also defended his role in latest film You And The Night, dubbed 'soft porn' .
Bournemouth drew 2-2 with Sheffield Wednesday in their Premier League clash at Dean Court . Chris Maguire scored an injury time penalty to salvage a draw for the Owls . Matt Ritchie and Yann Kermorgant had scored for the Cherries in the first half . Bournemouth's Simon Francis was sent off in the 78th minute .
Bournemouth drew 2-2 with Sheffield Wednesday at Dean Court on Saturday night. The Cherries looked on course for a return to the top of the Championship going into stoppage time. But Chris Maguire scored a late penalty for the Owls.
Paris Saint-Germain midfielder Marco Verratti has heaped praise on Zlatan Ibrahimovic. Ibrahimovic has bagged 17 Ligue 1 goals for PSG this season. The 33-year-old striker is available for the Champions League quarter-final second leg.
Ricardo Quaresma scored twice as Porto beat Bayern Munich 3-1 in the first leg of their quarter-final. Julen Lopetegui's side are unbeaten in the Champions League so far this season. The Portuguese side beat the odds to claim the trophy after defeating Monaco in 2004  .
Gonzalo Higuain and Marek Hamsik put Napoli 2-0 up after 15 minutes at the Volkswagen Arena. Substitute Manolo Gabbiadini made it 4-0 moments after coming on as a second-half substitute. Nicklas Bendtner pulled a goal back for the hosts in the 80th minute but it was not enough .
Petr Cech posted a YouTube cover of 'Magnificent' by U2 on his YouTube channel. The Chelsea goalkeeper has fallen behind Thibaut Courtois in Jose Mourinho's pecking order. The Czech Republic international is expected to leave Stamford Bridge this summer.
Jurgen Klopp announced he would be leaving Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season. Klopp has won two Bundesliga titles, the German Cup and reached the Champions League final in 2013. He was emotional charged during the press conference as he couldn't resist showing sadness.
Todd Phillips, a front-outside tire changer for Dayle Coyne Racing, was injured during the inaugural IndyCar Grand Prix of Louisiana. The car of Francesco Dracone spun while exiting his put box, clipping his leg.
Arjen Robben has missed Bayern Munich's last three games with an abdominal injury. The winger has said he has felt 'physically disabled' during the last few weeks. Robben is close to returning to full fitness.
Alvaro Arbeloa, Asier Illarramendi and Nacho gave adidas an exclusive tour of Real Madrid's training complex. Real Madrid players have their own personalised rooms at Ciudad Real Madrid which are part-owned by the council. The Spanish club's first-team stars have a communal suite where they can shoot hoops and relax .
Manchester City have defended price hikes after some fans saw the cost of their season tickets almost double. Some fans will now have to pay over £1,700 to watch City, up from just £885. The club say the seats have been upgraded and come with different package.
David Silva was caught in the face by Cheikhou Kouyate's elbow during Manchester City's 2-0 win over West Ham. The Spaniard was taken off on a stretcher and given oxygen before being taken to hospital. Manuel Pellegrini's side beat the Hammers on Sunday night.
Russia beat Montenegro 3-0 in a Euro 2016 qualifier in Podgorica on March 27. The game was abandoned after 67 minutes following a pitch brawl between fans and players. UEFA have ordered Montenegro to play their next two games behind closed doors. One of those matches is suspended for two years while the nation are fined £36,280.
Marouane Fellaini opened the scoring for Manchester United with a thumping header in the 14th minute. Ashley Young equalised for City in the 28th minute with a close-range free-kick. Sergio Aguero gave the visitors hope in the 88th minute, tapping David Silva's cross into the empty net. Juan Mata made it 3-1 with a header after 67 minutes to give the Red Devils an advantage they never looked like relinquishing. Chris Smalling added a fourth to make it 4-1 in the 73rd minute. Aguero completed the scoring in the 89th minute to seal victory .
Chelsea beat Manchester City 3-1 in the FA Youth Cup final first-leg on Monday night. City captain Vincent Kompany, manager Manuel Pellegrini and head of youth development Patrick Vieira were in attendance. Chelsea are currently top of the Premier League table .
Monaco lost 1-0 to Juventus in their Champions League quarter-final first leg on Tuesday. Leonardo Jardim's side were awarded a penalty after Alvaro Morata was fouled by Ricardo Carvalho. Juventus midfielder Arturo Vidal scored the winner from the spot .
Chelsea are believed to have made an offer for FC Tokyo forward Yoshinori Muto. The 22-year-old would be the first Japanese player to sign for Chelsea if he completes a move to Stamford Bridge. Chelsea agreed a £200million sponsorship deal with Japanese tyre manufacturers Yokohama Rubber in February. Jose Mourinho insists commercial deals would never fully dictate his transfer policy.
Patrick Bamford won the Championship Player of the Year award on Sunday. The Chelsea loanee has scored 17 goals for Middlesbrough this season. The 21-year-old hopes to be part of Gareth Southgate's England squad.
Sheffield Wednesday chief executive Paul Aldridge will leave the club at the end of next season. Aldridge joined the club as vice chairman and CEO in January 2011. Chairman Dejphon Chansiri has brought in Adam Pearson and Glenn Ro.
Mike Ashley has been accused of turning Newcastle United into a 'boring' club. Jamie Carragher says he's alarmed at the state of the club. Newcastle fans boycotted Sunday's 3-1 defeat at home to Tottenham in protest of Ashley.
Moeen Ali has been named as an ambassador for Liverpool's official fan club in Pakistan. The 27-year-old has been called up for England's final two Tests in the West Indies. The lifelong Liverpool fan made the announcement on Friday.
Bangladesh beat fellow World Cup quarter-finalists Pakistan by 79 runs in Dhaka. Tamim Iqbal and Mushfiqur Rahim scored centuries as Bangladesh made 329 for six and Pakistan could only muster 250.
Winger Josh Mantellato scored four tries and kicked 14 points for Hull KR against Bradford Bulls. The Robins avoided a potential Ladbrokes Challenge Cup banana skin with a 50-30 victory at the Odsal.
Aaron Murphy scored twice in a seven-try romp as Huddersfield beat Catalans Dragons 38-14. Former Wakefield Wildcats star Murphy has now scored six tries in his last five appearances for the Giants .
Gary Cahill is yet to win the Premier League with Chelsea since joining the club in January 2012. The England defender has won four cups with the club, including the Champions League. Chelsea host Manchester United at Stamford Bridge on Saturday in the league .
PSG lost 3-1 to Barcelona in the first leg of their Champions League quarter-final last week. Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Marco Verratti return from suspension for the second leg. Laurent Blanc says his side must give a better account of themselves on Tuesday .
Javier Pastore has dismissed Eric Cantona's claim that he is the best player in the world. Former Manchester United star Cantona said Pastore is 'the best player' on the planet. Pastore believes Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo are a class above him ahead of Paris Saint-Germain clash .
Sean Reardon was pulled over for suspected drink driving in Chico, California. He claims he was wrestled to the floor and repeatedly hit with a baton or stick by police. The 30-year-old claims he suffered broken bones and respiratory failure after incident .
The Tour Down Under is a big part of the international cycling season and contributes more to the South Australian economy than the F1 Grand Prix. Adelaide is a much softer city than Sydney. It has charm, colonial history, sophistication and space to breathe. The Clare Valley Riesling Trail .
Eddie Hearn has offered Carl Frampton £1.5m for super-bantamweight fight with Scott Quigg. Matchroom Sport boss has unveiled cheque with offer to Sky TV cameras in bid to force a deal. Quigg wants to fight Frampton at Manchester Arena on July 18. Cyclone Promotions say they are awaiting formal communication from Hearn's Matchroom before renewing negotiations.
Andy Lee makes the first defence of his WBO middleweight title against Peter Quillin. The Irishman won the title against Matt Korobov last year. Lee is confident he has improved even further since winning the title last year .
Kit Dale, a two-time World Pro Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu champion from Melbourne, Australia, created the t-shirt. 'Stay Clear Boys,' a message on the shirt warns. 'This is my dad!'
Bridget Olinda Garcia, 32, had confiscated her 13-year-old's mobile phone. She was leaving the house with his three siblings when he jumped on the hood of her Dodge Charger. Garcia is charged with child abuse for the incident.
More and more women are demanding their own 'she sheds', places at the bottom of the garden they can call their own . They are commissioning sheds in a range of styles from beach huts and gypsy caravans to mock Tudor pavilions with tiled floors  .
The 250-piece Lilly Pulitzer for Target collection sold out online and flew off of shelves at stores shortly after debuting on Sunday morning. More than 30,000 pieces have been listed for resale on eBay, many at higher price points, prompting angry customers to boycott second-hand sellers .
Pilates instructor Cassey Ho, 28, says negative comments on her YouTube channel have made her cry on more than one occasion. New video shows her changing her body in a simulation of Photoshop.
Celtic beat Dundee 2-1 at Den's Park on Wednesday night in the Scottish Premiership. Gary Mackay-Steven and Virgil van Dijk scored in the second half to put Celtic eight points clear. Jim McAlister's late goal for Dundee was too little, too late for the hosts.
Commercial diver Johnny Debnam was free diving four metres beneath the ocean floor when he had his snuggle with the ray. The stingray swum over him three times, enveloping him under his body as he glided on top. Video shows the amazing encounter between the two creatures.
Barcelona beat PSG 2-0 to advance to the Champions League semi-finals. Luis Enrique's side sit top of La Liga and will face Athletic Bilbao in the Copa del Rey final. Barcelona won the treble in 2009.
Everton midfielder Steven Pienaar has made just 11 appearances for the Toffees this season. The 33-year-old has been dogged by groin and knee injuries this season . He returned to action from his latest setback in the 1-1 draw with Swansea City earlier this month.
Danny Welbeck talks to Sportsmail's Martin Keown ahead of Arsenal's FA Cup semi-final against Reading. The Arsenal striker says he is enjoying his time at the club and has settled in well. Welbeck says he has been unlucky in front of goal, but wants to play in a more central role. Arsenal face Reading at Wembley in the FA Cup final .
Chelsea announce partnership with wellness solutions provider Technogym. Blues have kitted out their Cobham training ground with state-of-the-art fitness equipment. Eden Hazard and Nemanja Matic among players pictured working out at Cobham .
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao face off in Las Vegas on May 2. The $300million mega-fight is billed as the biggest in the history of the sport. The Filipino boxer has been keen to show off he's in the best condition of his life ahead of the fight  .
Radamel Falcao spent Thursday evening in the company of Newcastle United defender Jonas Gutierrez. Gutierrez was given a standing ovation during Liverpool's 2-0 defeat on Monday night . The Colombia striker posted a picture of the pair on his Instagram account . CLICK HERE for all the latest Manchester United news .
Raymond van Barneveld beat Michael van Gerwen 7-3 in the 'battle of Holland' Robin van Persie watched the match on a camel TV on Instagram. Phil Taylor beat Dave Chisnall and drew with Stephen Bunting in Aberdeen .
Richie Benaud died last Friday at the age of 84 of complications from skin cancer. His family opted for a smaller service at the Eastern Suburbs Memorial Park in Sydney. Former teammate Brian Booth led the service.
Nacer Chadli, Christian Eriksen and Harry Kane scored as Tottenham beat Newcastle 3-1 at White Hart Lane. Jack Colback opened the scoring for the Magpies with a well-placed left-footed strike on the half-hour mark. The result condemned Newcastle to a 10th loss in 14 Premier League games. John Carver's side have now lost six games in a row .
Sergio Aguero scored his 20th league goal of the season in the 36th minute to put Manchester City 2-0 up at the Etihad. James Collins scored an own goal for West Ham in the 18th minute after a miss-timed clearance by Adrian. Jesus Navas provided the assist for Aguero to put the home side ahead at the break. Manuel Pellegrini's side have now won three of their last nine Premier League games .
Sergio Ramos opened the scoring for Real Madrid in the 24th-minute against Malaga. James Rodriguez made it 2-0 in the 69th minute after Cristiano Ronaldo missed a penalty. Juanmi pulled one back for Malaga in the 71st-minute but Ronaldo made it 3-1 in the 90th .
Inverness defender Josh Meekings will learn on Thursday whether he has been successful in challenging the one-match suspension. Meeking was charged over the handball that thwarted a Celtic goal on Sunday. FIFA vice-president Jim Boyce says the SFA were 'entirely wrong' in their decision .
Divock Origi signed for Liverpool for £10million last summer before being loaned back to Lille. The 20-year-old striker has scored nine goals on loan at Lille this season after impressing at the World Cup.
FIFA and UEFA have sent a joint letter to the Hellenic Football Federation (EPO) warning of possible sanctions. The Greek government has put together a new set of regulations to try and crack down on violence at sports events. Click here for more.
It is exactly a year since Sportsmail revealed that David Moyes was getting the sack at Manchester United. Louis van Gaal has led United back into the top four, despite an up-and-down season. Moyes and Van Gaal have both made mistakes but the Dutchman seems to have the strength of personality to correct them in time. Click here for all the latest Manchester United news .
The 50-year-old man collapsed just after ordering breakfast at the Rooftop Restaurant on the fourth floor of the 101 Legian Hotel in Kuta. He was unable to be revived, but a doctor at the scene said it was likely he died of a heart attack.
A 4WD burst into flames in the middle of an outdoor car park at Sydney airport's busy international terminal on Thursday morning. The 4WD was fully engulfed in flames when authorities arrived and witnesses reported seeing fire spewing from bonnet.
Tegan Peters found a tennis ball deliberately covered in sharp pins in Ti Rakau Park, south of Auckland. The 22-year-old noticed the ball as she was driving past and decided to pull over to give it to her dog Odin. Ms Peters said she initially thought she would be able to take the pins out and possibly still give the ball to the dog but was surprised to find broken up pieces.
Michael J from Michigan filmed his 11-month-old daughter Leighton in floods of tears before she was handed a French fry. Footage shows the little girl reaching down to feed the hungry canine and chuckling with delight when he snaps the treat up .
Carlo Ancelotti and Diego Simeone were runners-up behind Joachim Low at the Ballon d'Or in January. The Italian coach reportedly told the Atletico Madrid boss that life in Madrid would be a lot easier if he wasn't around. Real Madrid have struggled against Atletico in recent years and were beaten 4-0 in February.
Mechanical arm slams into suitcases and thrusts them onto a lower conveyor belt. The mechanism appears to work on a sensor system, ensuring it strikes out at the centre of the luggage .
Insurers are increasingly checking people's social media accounts following a break-in. They are using it as a reason not to pay out if people announce they will be away from property. Most insurers include 'reasonable care' clause in contracts .
Sapp was arrested the night after the Super Bowl in Phoenix, Arizona, on a prostitution charge after an alleged incident involving two women. Britney Osbourne, 23, and Quying Boyd, 34, were both arrested in Phoenix along with Sapp. In a police video released on Monday, Sapp, 42, cries, cackles and confesses about what exactly went down back on February 2. Sapp admits he paid for oral sex and that 'everyone got naked' in his room.
Ron Aydelott, head coach for the Riverdale High School Warriors in Murfreesboro for nearly ten years, suffered serious facial injuries in the attack. The 17-year-old student was reportedly in the coach's office in order to turn in paperwork concerning his trying out for the team   .
Sergey Burkaev, 16, and Konstantin Surkov, 17, are said to have raped their last victim before slitting her throat. The vodka-fuelled duo doused all five bodies in petrol and set them alight at a flat in south-west Russia. They were arrested by traffic officers after fleeing in stolen car.
The man, who has not been named, was pulled up from the rails of the Washington, D.C., metro system by two men. It is unclear exactly what sent the electric wheelchair tumbling over platform.
Paul Warren Smith, 61, was identified as the man in a white Marshall Independent School District van seen in surveillance video tossing five, 3-week-old puppies over a chain-link fence just before noon on Saturday at the Humane Society of Harrison County's The Pet Place in Marshall. All five puppies are healthy and uninjured; each will be put up for adoption soon.
Passengers on delayed flight from Madrid to Manchester disembarked to find empty arrivals hall. Holidaymakers claim they were not asked for documents but walked past empty security cubicles. Schoolteacher Clinton Lakin, 46, said: 'Every passenger on that plane walked through without a passport check in Britain'
Traffic had started to build up on the M58 around Switch Island on Merseyside . A silver Mercedes driver attempted to undertake the traffic jam with an undertaking manoeuvre . But a Renault driver pulled into the inside lane to block the Mercedes from moving forwards . The incident was captured on a dashcam by a passing motorist and posted to Youtube by a user called Lancashire.
David Cameron hit back at BBC for claiming he had said foxhunting is his favourite sport. The Tory leader hit back after being left baffled by questions during an interview on Sunday. Comes as Cameron turned the clock back to ape John Major's election soapbox by climbing on to a wooden pallet .
The young German Shepherd bounces about the decking playfully while its mother relaxes on the floor. The puppy drops its ball and chases after its mother's ball.
The 20-day-old 'spider goat' was born with four forelegs and two hind legs. Owner Xiao Qibin said the kid is growing quickly and has an 'extraordinary appetite'
Celtic lost 3-2 to Inverness in the Scottish Cup semi-final at Hampden on Sunday. Virgil van Dijk scored the opening goal for the Hoops but they lost the game 3-1. Celtic can reopen an eight-point lead over Aberdeen.
Patrick Bamford has scored 19 goals for Middlesbrough this season and is the Championship's Player of the Year. He is on loan from Chelsea and hopes to fight for his place at Stamford Bridge next season. CLICK HERE for all the latest Chelsea news .
Raheem Sterling filmed apparently inhaling nitrous oxide before apparently passing out. The 20-year-old was also caught puffing on a shisha pipe on Sunday. Liverpool forward could now face disciplinary action after his second indiscretion in the space of 24 hours. Players' union chief Bobby Barnes called for understanding after Sterling 'made a mistake' at Liverpool on Monday night .
Bayern Munich thrashed Porto 6-1 at the Allianz Arena on Tuesday night. Porto had a 3-1 first leg aggregate advantage but lost 7-4 on aggregate. Fans gave their side a hero's welcome on Wednesday.
James Milner will make a decision on his Manchester City future at the end of the season. The England midfielder has been linked with a move to Liverpool. Brendan Rodgers is keen to fill the void left by Steven Gerrard's departure .
Nathan is due to speak to Chelsea next week ahead of a proposed move to Stamford Bridge. The attacking midfielder turned 19 last month but has been in contract dispute with Atletico Paranaense. Chelsea have a strong Brazilian contingency with Willian and Ramires.
Alassane Plea has scored three goals for Nice this season and can also play as an attacking midfielder. Former Lyon trainee has been capped at various levels by France including U21. Former Blackburn defender Bryan Dabo also on Tony Pulis' radar.
Juve want to sign PSG striker Edinson Cavani according to Italian newspaper Corriere dello Sport. Manchester United also hold an interest in the Uruguayan striker. Cavani's agent says his client is most likely to move to England or Spain .
Memphis Depay looks set to leave PSV Eindhoven in the summer transfer window. Manchester United target has scored 19 goals in 25 league games so far this season. Tottenham, Manchester City and Paris Saint-Germain are also interested .
Andre Gomes has been linked with a move to Premier League duo Manchester United and Chelsea. The 21-year-old has netted four times in 25 La Liga appearances since leaving Benfica last summer. Gomes says he wants to stay at Valencia this summer .
Lazio beat Napoli 1-0 in the Coppa Italia semi-final second leg on Wednesday night. Felipe Anderson set up the winning goal for Senad Lulic in the San Paolo stadium. The Brazilian midfielder has attracted interest from PSG, Manchester City, Arsenal and Liverpool .
Chelsea have made an offer for FC Tokyo forward Yoshinori Muto, according to club president Naoki Ogane. The 22-year-old will join Chelsea's Dutch partner club Vitesse Arnhem on loan next season if he completes a move to Stamford Bridge. Muto graduated from Keio University two weeks ago with an economics degree. The Japan international has played for the J-League side since 2013.
Two in three women feel anxious just having their photo taken, survey finds. Men are also guilty of taking multiple selfies before they post one they like. ITV's Good Morning Britain show is encouraging viewers to share the first selfie they take on social media .
Spencer Bell, 71, had bravely ventured on to the motorway after a man fell from a bridge in January last year. As he tended Alan Tretheway, 67, he was struck by a Toyota driven by mother-of-three Iram Shahzad. She was sentenced to 14 months imprisonment, suspended for two years .
Gloucestershire Police called to incident on unregistered road between A417 and Cowley. Officers tweet picture of the van to warn other drivers to check the height of their lorries.
America drew 1-1 with the Montreal Impact in the first leg of the CONCACAF Champions League final. Oribe Peralta scored in the 89th minute to earn America a draw at Olympic Stadium . Ignacio Piatti had put the Canadian side in front with a first-half header . The second leg will be played next Wednesday night at home at the Olympic Stadium  .
Bolton defender Marc Tierney is set to announce his retirement on Thursday. The 29-year-old fractured his ankle playing against Yeovil in September 2013. Tierney was set for a call up to the Republic of Ireland squad.
Siem de Jong played 72 minutes for Newcastle's Under-21s against Aston Villa on Monday. Midfielder is in contention for a seat on the bench against Swansea on Saturday. De Jong has only made one league start this season .
Abou Diaby's contract at Arsenal expires at the end of the season. The midfielder has suffered 42 injuries since signing for the Gunners in 2006. Arsene Wenger is close to Diaby and wants to help him get his career back on track. Click here for more Arsenal news.
Martin Skrtel has been linked with a move to Wolfsburg and Napoli this summer. The Liverpool defender's contract expires in 2016. The 30-year-old has made over 200 league appearances for the Reds since arriving at Anfield in 2008 .
Liverpool lost 2-1 to Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-finals at Wembley on Sunday. Brendan Rodgers has come under-fire following a disappointing third season at Anfield. Stan Collymore believes Liverpool must keep faith in their manager Brendan Rodgers .
Manchester City playmaker David Silva returned to training on Tuesday. The 29-year-old was injured after being caught in the face by an elbow from West Ham's Cheikhou Kouyate. Silva required eight minutes of treatment at the Etihad.
Aston Villa beat West Brom 2-0 at Villa Park and Reading beat Bradford 3-0 in FA Cup quarter-final replay. Both clubs have until Thursday to respond to the Football Association charge. Reading fans invaded the pitch after beating Bradford at Madejski.
Manchester City beat West Ham 2-0 at the Etihad Stadium on Sunday. David Silva was taken off on a stretcher after being caught in the face by an elbow from Cheikhou Kouyate. The Spaniard was taken to hospital to be assessed .
Floyd Mayweather Jnr faces Manny Pacquiao in a $300million mega-fight in Las Vegas on May 2. Mayweather's sparring partner Jeremy 'J Flash' Nichols gives a mock interview as the Filipino boxer. The American boxer also makes fun of the 'Pacman's' religious faith .
Tomas Berdych defeated Gael Monfis 6-1, 6-4 to reach the Monte Carlo Masters final. The Czech will face either Rafael Nadal or top-ranked Novak Djokovic in the final at the Country Club .
Sheik Joaan Al Thani has signed up Gregory Benoist to ride the horses which race under his Al Shaqab banner in France. Frankie Dettori is to concentrate on the British flat season and not being picked to ride in France this summer   .
Saracens lost to Clermont in the Champions Cup semi-final at Stade Geoffroy-Guichard in Saint-Etienne . Mark McCall's men will now face Northampton in the final of the Aviva Premiership next Saturday . Saracens have lost back-to-back European and domestic finals this season .
Sarries face Clermont Auvergne in a repeat of last year's European Cup semi-final at Stade Geoffroy-Guichard. Owen Farrell has recovered from a knee injury and has been named on the bench for the big clash. Maro Itoje will start at blindside flanker while Brad Barritt will captain Saracens  .
Pakistan appear set to host Test-playing opposition in their home country for the first time in six years. Zimbabwe have reportedly agreed to travel for a short one-day international series next month. No tourists have played in Pakistan because of security fears.
West Indies captain Denesh Ramdin confirmed Devendra Bishoo will play in Tuesday's second Test. Wrist spin has long been a bete noire for England batsmen since Shane Warne dominated the old enemy .
Kevin Pietersen scored 170 in his first game for Surrey this season but scored just 19 against Glamorgan. Mike Gatting believes Pietersen should not walk straight back into the England set-up. England were held to a draw against West Indies last week.
Alastair Cook has not scored a Test century since May 2013. The England captain is unbeaten in four Tests but needs runs and a victory in Antigua. Cook has scored more Test centuries than any other Englishman and is England's leading century maker.
Stephen Curry scored 34 points as Golden State Warriors beat New Orleans Pelicans. The Warriors built a 15-point lead and rolled to victory in Game One of their Western Conference first-round series. Game Two is scheduled for Monday night.
This year marks the 40th anniversary of snooker's most prestigious tournament at the Crucible Theatre. There is interest from China in hosting the event this year. Barry Hearn has dismissed rumours the Betfred World Championship will leave its spiritual home of Sheffield .
Charlotte Dujardin won the Grand Prix at the World Cup in Las Vegas. The 29-year-old and her horse Valegro recorded a score of 85.414 percent to finish clear of Edward Gal.
Scott Sinclair is currently on loan at Aston Villa from Manchester City. The winger can be bought for £2.5million in the summer. Sinclair has scored three goals in 10 games for Villa so far this season. Joe Cole believes Villa can beat Arsenal in the FA Cup final.
Burnley striker Danny Ings is a target for Manchester United and Liverpool. The 22-year-old has been linked with moves to Borussia Monchengladbach and David Moyes' Real Sociedad.
Fernando Torres says Steven Gerrard is the best player he has played with over the years. The Atletico Madrid striker spent three-and-a-half seasons with the former England captain. Click here for more Liverpool news .
Jonas Gutierrez was dropped from Newcastle's squad for Sunday's 3-1 defeat by Tottenham. The Argentinian's contract is up in the summer and he will be let go after seven years at the club. Gutierrez has twice beaten testicular cancer .
Harry Childs, Jack Hutchins, Dean Foreman and Bradley Pack were sentenced for affray on Friday. Incident occurred after last season's 3-3 draw between QPR and Burnley at Loftus Road. The foursome attacked the Plough and Harrow pub as the shouting soon turned into violence in London.
Sam Gallagher scored the winner as Southampton U21s beat Blackburn Rovers 2-1 on Monday. Ronald Koeman was in the crowd at St Mary's to watch the Under-21 Premier League Cup final. CLICK HERE for all the latest Southampton news .
Jermain Defoe posted a photo on Instagram showing him playing basketball with his team-mates. Sunderland are in the middle of a Premier League relegation battle. Defoe has scored just three goals in 11 league games for the Black Cats.
Sunderland are two places and three points above the relegation zone. The Black Cats have won just one of their last nine Premier League games. Dick Advocaat has never been relegated during his 28 years.
Crystal Palace beat Sunderland 4-1 at the Stadium of Light on Saturday night. Glenn Murray, Yannick Bolasie, Wilfried Zaha and Wilfried Wickham scored the goals for the Eagles. Sunderland have now lost all four games immediately after their Tyne-Wear derby victories. Click here for more Sunderland news.
Nelson Oliveira is on-loan at Swansea from Portuguese giants Benfica. The 23-year-old is set to make his second Premier League start against Leicester. Bafetimbi Gomis injured.
Dele Alli has impressed for MK Dons this season leading to Tottenham signing him for £5m in January. The 19-year-old was named Young Player of the Year at the Football League Awards on Sunday. Alli hopes to play for England Under 20s at the Toulon Tournament .
Bayern Munich beat Porto 6-1 at the Allianz Arena to reach the semi-finals of the Champions League. Pep Guardiola's trousers tore at the top of his leg during the game. Barcelona beat Paris Saint-Germain 2-0 at the Nou Camp .
FIFA president Sepp Blatter met with Russia president Valdimir Putin on a World Cup visit on Monday. Blatter commended the work of Putin as Russia steps up preparations to host the 2018 World Cup .
Sporting director Txiki Begiristain watched Porto in action against Bayern Munich last week. City also want to sign Alex Sandro and Yacine Brahimi this summer. City are also interested in Wolfsburg's Kevin de Bruyne and Paris St Germain.
Harry Redknapp says Tottenham have not made any progress under Mauricio Pochettino this season. Former QPR boss says the club have not moved forward under the Argentine manager. Redkn App also criticises the club's recruitment policy after selling Gareth Bale and signing big-money signings .
Tottenham beat Newcastle 3-1 in their Premier League clash at St James' Park on Sunday. Harry Kane scored his 30th goal of the season to put the result beyond doubt. Spurs boss Mauricio Pochettino believes there is more to come .
Florin Andone has scored six goals in 16 games for Cordoba this season. The 22-year-old Romanian has been called up to the Romania national side. Tim Sherwood is also interested in Wolves winger Bakary Sako .
Mark Halsey has slammed the FA's decision to put Jon Moss in charge of the FA Cup final instead of Mark Clattenburg. The former Premier League referee said the English game would be a 'laughing stock' over the decision to overlook the referee .
Martin Odegaard was refused a rating by Spanish newspaper AS for his performance for B-team Castilla. The 16-year-old was substituted after 65 minutes against Tudelano with the club's second team a goal down. The Norway international was dropped by manager Zinedine Zidane.
Martin Odegaard signed for Real Madrid from Stromsgodset for £2.3m in January. The 16-year-old has been dropped from the club's B-team Castilla side. Zinedine Zidane desperate to secure promotion.
Cristiano Ronaldo returned to Real Madrid's Valdebebas training ground after international break. Gareth Bale scored twice in Wales' 3-0 win against Israel in Haifa on Sunday. Real host Celta Vigo in La Liga on Sunday morning  .
Charlie Pye applied for the Aston Villa hotseat after Paul Lambert was sacked in February. The 6-year-old wanted a chocolate bar as a win bonus and would have agreed terms for a signed claret and blue football .
Carles N'Zogbia turned up for Aston Villa training wearing a flamboyant outfit on Tuesday. Shay Given took to Twitter to ridicule the Frenchman's choice of attire. The goalkeeper described it as the 'the worst ever' after posting a picture of it .
Arsenal face Reading in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Saturday . Per Mertesacker will not allow his side to become complacent against Championship side. The Gunners came from 2-0 down to beat Wigan in last year's semi-finals to win the trophy .
Manchester City face West Ham United in Premier League (1.30pm) on Saturday. Chelsea face Manchester United in the FA Cup semi-finals (5.20pm) . Crystal Palace face West Bromwich Albion in Premier league (3pm) and Everton face Burnley. Aston Villa face Liverpool in FA Cup final on Sunday.
Jurgen Klopp announced he will be leaving Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season. Arsenal defender Per Mertesacker says Klopp would be a good fit in the Premier League. The 47-year-old has been linked with a move to Manchester City .
David Seaman pulled off one of the most iconic saves in FA Cup history against Sheffield United. The former Arsenal keeper says it's the best save he's ever made during his career. Seaman believes it tops his penalty heroics for England at Euro 96.
Oscar has not completed a full 90 minutes for Chelsea since January. The Brazil international has been linked with a move away from Stamford Bridge. The 23-year-old insists he is happy at Chelsea and won't be leaving in the summer.
Former super-middleweight champion Joe Calzaghe enjoyed a holiday in Barbados with his girlfriend Lucy. The couple took to the beach for a jet ski and a swim before a downpour of rain interrupted their fun. Click here for more boxing news.
Marvin Hagler believes Floyd Mayweather lacks class and does not act in the manner befitting a champion. Mayweather is the richest sportsman in the world, nicknamed 'Money' as much for his ostentatious displays of wealth as his actual bank balance. CLICK HERE for all the latest boxing news.
Manny Pacquiao wrote and sang the song 'Lalaban Ako Para Sa Filipino' before directing the music video. The tune translates as 'I will fight for the Fillipino' and will be played ahead of May 2 mega-fight with Floyd Mayweather Jnr. The bout takes place in Las Vegas .
Manchester United are interested in signing Burnley striker Danny Ings this summer. Louis van Gaal is a fan of the 22-year-old and was impressed with his performance against United. Ings is out of contract in the summer but Burnley would be owed a fee of around £5million. United are able to agree a fee and pre-contract with the player to ensure a transfer in theSummer  .
Radamel Falcao joined Manchester United on a season-long loan from Monaco last summer. The Colombian has struggled to hit the heights he achieved before suffering a serious knee injury. Nabil Dirar believes the striker was not happy in France .
Phil Taylor squandered a 4-2 lead to lose 7-4 to Dave Chisnall on Thursday night. The defeat sees the 16-time World Champion finish the opening set of round robin fixtures in fifth. Michael van Gerwen continued his unbeaten record in the competition as he swept past James Wade . CLICK HERE for all the latest Premier League darts news .
Michael van Gerwen beat Raymond van Barneveld 7-2 last week to remain undefeated in Premier League Darts. The pair posed with compatriots Daley Blind and Robin van Persie at Old Trafford on Wednesday to celebrate victory .
Liverpool beat Newcastle United 2-0 in their Premier League clash on Monday night. Raheem Sterling scored the opener and set up Joe Allen for the second in the win. The 20-year-old faces a club investigation and potential disciplinary action over his behaviour .
Ian Bell hit his 22nd Test century to rescue England from trouble in Antigua. Bell and Joe Root put on 177 for the fourth wicket after England's top order collapsed. England captain Alastair Cook was bowled out for just 11 by Kemar Roach. Jonathan Trott's return to the team ended with a three-ball duck .
The Daily Telegraph in Australia had a special tribute edition with the headline 'A marvellous innings' The Weekend Australian went with 'the voice of our endless summers falls silent' while The Age simply had a picture of Benaud.
Arsenal beat Reading 1-1 on penalties in the FA Cup semi-final after extra-time. Alexis Sanchez's shot from close range squirmed through Adam Federici's legs in the 106th minute. The Reading goalkeeper left the field in tears as manager Steve Clarke tried to console him. Arsenal will now face either Liverpool or Aston Villa in the final of the competition next month .
Newcastle face Tottenham at St James' Park on Sunday afternoon in the Premier League. The Toon fans are planning to boycott the game in protest against owner Mike Ashley . John Carver has called on the advice of Alan Pardew and Alan Shearer for advice . Carver was in the dugout with Pardews at the end of last season when fans booed him at Cardiff  .
Newcastle United fans stayed away from Sunday's match against Tottenham Hotspur. Protest group AshleyOut.com had urged fans to boycott the game. Several hundred gathered outside of St James' Park before kick-off. Supporters are upset at what they see as a lack of investment and ambition.
Manchester City beat West Ham 2-0 at the Etihad Stadium on Saturday afternoon. James Collins scored an own goal and Sergio Aguero scored his 20th Premier League goal of the season. Frank Lampard started his fifth Premier League game for City and impressed in midfield .
Rafa Benitez is set to leave Napoli this summer and will have a host of clubs after his services. He was made Chelsea interim manager in 2012 but the fans never warmed to him. He got the best out of his squad for the rest of the season and got Fernando Torres back to his best. Manchester City are one possible destination and Newcastle are another .
Winston Reid says West Ham no longer suffer from fear of facing Manchester City. City had won their last five games against the Hammers by an aggregate score of 14-1. West Ham suffered just their second league defeat of the season at Upton Park in October. Manuel Pellegrini's side have lost six of their last eight games.
Yaya Toure's agent Dimitri Seluk has called Manuel Pellegrini a 'weak manager' and criticised the club's chief executive Ferran Soriano and director of football Txiki Begiristain. Seluk also criticised the decision to buy Stevan Jovetic and then leave him out of the Champions League squad.
Chelsea beat Manchester United 1-0 at Stamford Bridge on Saturday. Blues held the ball for just 29 per cent of the match, their lowest total since 2006. Jose Mourinho says he is unconcerned by statistics and only cares about the points .
Carlo Ancelotti has been linked with a return to the Premier League this summer. The Real Madrid boss says he expects to remain at the Bernabeu for at least another year. Barcelona, Real, Atletico Madrid and Valencia all play within six hours of each other on Saturday. Click here for more La Liga news .
Stoke keeper Asmir Begovic has been linked with a move away from the Britannia Stadium. Mark Hughes has played down reports linking the Bosnia international with Real Madrid. The Potters boss is hopeful of signing Moha El Ouriachi.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored his 300th goal for Real Madrid against Rayo Vallecano on April 8. The 30-year-old was presented with a special shirt by club president Florentino Perez on Friday. Real Madrid host Malaga on Saturday .
Manny Pacquiao's conference call about his fight with Floyd Mayweather Jnr was cancelled on Monday. The Filipino could only answer one question due to technical issues. Floyd Mayweather is due to have his own conference call on Wednesday  .
Neymar opened the scoring in the 18th minute to put Barcelona 2-0 ahead at the Nou Camp. Luis Suarez doubled Barcelona's lead in the 79th minute with a stunning finish to make it 3-0. The Uruguayan striker nutmegs David Luiz for the second time in the second half to complete the rout. PSG defender Luiz was forced off with a hamstring injury just 10 minutes into the game . Lionel Messi, Neymar and Luis Suarez have scored more goals than any other team away from home this season.
Lionel Messi was linked with a move away from Barcelona earlier this year. Club president Josep Maria Bartomeu has reiterated the club's stance that Messi will always have a place at the Nou Camp. Messi scored his 400th goal for Barca in Saturday's 2-0 win over Valencia   .
Luis Suarez has scored 19 goals in all competitions for Barcelona since joining the club this season. The Uruguayan striker admits he was nervous at the prospect of playing alongside Neymar. Barcelona face Paris Saint-Germain at the Nou Camp.
Barcelona president Josep Maria Bartomeu says the club are 'very happy' with Luis Enrique. The 44-year-old only took charge of the club last summer, signing a two-year deal. Enrique's side beat Valencia 2-0 on Saturday.
Radamel Falcao joined Manchester United on a one-year loan deal in September. The Colombia striker has failed to shine during his time at Old Trafford this season. Monaco vice-president Vadim Vasilyev says United are keeping their options open to sign him.
Leonardo Jardim's Monaco face Juventus in the Champions League quarter-finals on Wednesday. The principality club are bidding to overturn a 1-0 deficit from the first leg in Turin last week. Monaco are third in Ligue 1 and still in with a chance of qualifying .
Arsenal beat Reading 2-1 in extra time to reach the FA Cup final at Wembley on May 30. Arsene Wenger accepted his side were 'a bit lucky' to beat the Championship side on Saturday. Alexis Sanchez's low shot squirmed agonisingly through the legs of Adam Federici .
Flaunting a 15-second video showing off Mayweather's lavish lifestyle to his 5 million Instagram followers. Video shot by director James 'JP' Dayap, a proud member of Mayweather's The Money Team brand. Rapper Yo Gotti's song blares over footage of Mayweather inspecting fleet of super-cars and cars. Five-division world champion is expected to earn around £120million for bout with Manny Pacquiao next month. Mayweather's promoter said that tickets would go on sale this week for the May 2 fight. But MGM Grand's officials have been tight-lipped about their availability for the fight .
Jordan Henderson is set to sign a new long-term contract at Liverpool. The vice-captain had 14 months remaining on his current deal at Anfield. Henderson's new deal is worth around £100,000-a-week and will run until the summer of 2020. Click here for more.
Rafa Benitez admits he tried to sign Andre Schurrle before he joined Wolfsburg in January. Napoli travel to Wolfsburg for the Europa League quarter-final first leg on Thursday. Former Chelsea boss won the competition with the Blues in 2013. Click here for all the latest Napoli news.
Jose Mourinho has the best clean sheets percentage in Premier League history. Chelsea boss has kept 101 clean sheets from 189 Premier League matches. Rafa Benitez has 13 more, 114 from 254 games with Liverpool and Chelsea. Roberto Mancini has 59 clean sheets.
Werder Bremen beat Hamburg SV 1-0 in the northern derby to keep their Europa League hopes alive. Franco Di Santo scored the winner from the penalty spot in the 84th minute. Hamburg's Valon Behrami was sent off for bringing down Zlatko Junuzovic.
Liverpool keeper Simon Mignolet has backed Belgian striker Divock Origi to be a success at Anfield. Origi joined Liverpool after impressing at last summer's World Cup but was loaned back to Lille. The 19-year-old has endured a difficult spell in Ligue 1 this season .
Atletico Madrid are in talks to sign Palermo's Paulo Dybala, according to reports in Spain. Juventus, Roma, Inter Milan and Paris Saint-Germain are also interested in the Argentine forward. Carlo Ancelotti has upset Isco by telling him to be more defensive. Barcelona are favourites to win the Champions League .
Juventus have made an offer of 25million euros (£18m) for Palermo striker Paulo Dybala. Manchester United and Arsenal have also been linked with a move for the 21-year-old. Real Madrid beat Rayo Vallecano 2-0 on Wednesday .
Manchester City lost 4-2 to Manchester United in the Premier League on April 12. Joe Hart says the champions have 'let themselves down' this season. The England goalkeeper says the squad have had 'a lot of honest conversations' since the defeat at Old Trafford .
AP McCoy landed the second win of his last Aintree meeting thanks to a trainer he will be praying doesn't win the Grand National. Irishman Gordon Elliott trains Cause of Causes, a gelding owned by McCoy's boss JP McManus. McCoy won on board Elliott's Don Cossack, who took apart a strong Melling Chase field .
Anderson Silva will meet with Brazilian taekwondo officials in the hope of competing in next year's Olympics. The 40-year-old MMA fighter is currently suspended by UFC after failing drug tests. Silva has a hearing scheduled for May on doping allegations.
Former England team director Andy Flower is now technical director of elite coaching at the ECB. Kevin Pietersen is back playing cricket for Surrey in the hope of winning back a Test spot. Sepp Blatter’s smooth procession to a ridiculous fifth term as FIFA president continues.
Bayern Munich doctor Hans-Wilhelm Muller-Wohlfahrt has quit in the fall-out of their Champions League defeat by Porto. His son Kilian, Peter Ueblacker and Lutz Hansel, who are all part of the team at Bayern, have also resigned. The 72-year-old medical professional said 'the bond of trust is damaged' and called the blame centred at his department 'inexplicable'   .
Jessica Ennis-Hill will compete against Katarina Johnson-Thompson in Austria in May. The 29-year-old will return to the track nine months after the birth of her son Reggie . She wants to be celebrating another medal win at the Rio Games in Brazil in 2016 .
Tatyana Chernova failed a drugs test two years before beating Jessica Ennis-Hill in 2011. Chernova was found to have provided a positive sample for a prohibited steroid at the 2009 World Championships. The Russian has been banned for two years but is allowed to keep her world title. Click here for more Olympic news .
Eugene in the United States has been awarded the rights to host the 2021 IAAF World Championships. The decision was taken by the International Association of Athletics Federations Council. Eugene failed in its bid to host 2019 event which was awarded to Doha.
Liverpool are making a rival push for Manchester United target Memphis Depay. PSV Eindhoven have confirmed United have made enquiries for the Holland international. Liverpool hope to convince Depay that he would get more regular football with them. Liverpool have also spoken to the player's representatives but PSV value Depay at £25million.
Ander Herrera has played down comparisons with Paul Scholes. Scholes scored 107 goals in 499 games for Manchester United during his time at Old Trafford. Herrera has scored seven goals in 26 appearances since his £28.8million arrival last summer. CLICK HERE for all the latest Manchester United news .
Jessica Carey drove three hours to Washington to surprise her grandmother Patty Lawing. She had a portrait of her grandmother tattooed on her forearm based on a childhood portrait. Patty's heartwarming reaction was captured on film by a relative.
Real Madrid face city rivals Atletico Madrid in Champions League quarter-final on Wednesday night. Carlo Ancelotti could start Isco, Jese and Javier Hernandez in absence of Luka Modric, Gareth Bale and Karim Benzema. Click here for more Real Madrid news.
Atletico Madrid and Real Madrid drew 0-0 in the first leg of their Champions League quarter-final tie. Mario Mandzukic suffered a cut to the top of the nose from an elbow by Sergio Ramos and Dani Carvajal punched him in stomach.
Real Madrid take on Atletico Madrid in Champions League quarter-final second leg on Wednesday. Los Blancos drew 0-0 with Atletico in first leg last week, leaving the tie finely balanced. Cristiano Ronaldo and Co looked in a relaxed mood as they trained ahead of Wednesday's clash at home  .
Alex Elenes went on a trip of a lifetime to see the Amazon rainforest, but missed the whole thing being asleep. The pictures were captured by his cousin Roxy de la Rosa who posted them on Reddit. The trip cost upwards of £1,000.
Shaheen Pirouz from Denton, Texas, filmed her tiny pet canine being propped up and repeatedly falling forwards. Footage shows him falling asleep.
Match organised to help Motor Neurone Disease campaigner Gordon Aikman in his fight against the terminal condition. Labour's football-mad Scottish leader Jim Murphy scored the winning goal in the friendly match. Labour narrowly won 3-2 with Mr Murphy scoring.
Adam Johnson has been charged with three counts of sexual activity with an underage girl and one of grooming. The England international was considered a prospect for Roy Hodgson as recently as a year ago. Johnson has made three Premier League appearances under new boss Dick Advocaat this season .
Manchester City have increased season tickets for able-bodied fans by 283 per cent. Disabled supporters say they are 'disgusted' with the club after they hiked prices of some season tickets by £345 to £975 .
Aston Villa could sign Cordoba striker Florin Andone for as little as £2.5million. The Spanish side are poised to be relegated and need to raise funds. Andone has scored six goals in 17 games this season.
Inverness defender Josh Meekings cleared to play in Scottish Cup final after handball charge dismissed. Inverness beat Celtic 3-2 after extra-time in Sunday's semi-final at Celtic. The defender will face Falkirk at Hampden on May 30 .
Ronald Koeman spoke to his players to refocus them on European qualification. Victor Wanyama's future came under question after an interview where he seemed to hint at a move to Arsenal. CLICK HERE for all the latest Southampton news.
Blackpool fan Frank Knight settled before court proceedings with the Oystons for alleged defamatory comments on his Facebook page. Supporters up and down the country have raised close to £15,000 in under three days. Organiser Joe Atherton hopes to reach his £20,000 target in coming days. Blackpool fans have been protesting against the Oyston family before matches .
Juve beat Lazio 2-0 to move 15 points clear of Lazio at the top of Serie A. Carlos Tevez scored the opening goal and celebrated by dancing like a chicken. Lionel Messi and Luis Suarez scored for Barcelona against Valencia. Paris Saint-Germain beat Nice 3-1.
Liverpool face Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Sunday . Daniel Sturridge is a major doubt for the game due to a hip injury . Sturridge met up with comedian Darren Farley as part of an exclusive promotional video for BT Sport  .
Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi have both scored eight goals in the Champions League this season. But Shakhtar Donetsk's Luiz Adriano has netted on nine occasions in the competition. The Brazilian has been courted by Arsenal and Liverpool in recent months. He is out of contract at the end of the year and could move to the Premier League. Click here for all the latest Champions League news .
Cristiano Ronaldo, Javier Hernandez, Patrice Evra, Carlos Tevez, Paul Pogba and Gerard Pique are in the Champions League semi-finals. United missed out on Europe's premier competition for the first time in 19 years last season under David Moyes .
Chelsea beat Manchester United 1-0 in their Premier League clash at Stamford Bridge. Kurt Zouma was deployed in a defensive midfield role to deal with Marouane Fellaini. The 20-year-old man-marked the Belgian superbly during the Blues' win  .
Zinedine Zidane says Eden Hazard excites him more than Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi. The Real Madrid reserve boss was unashamed in his praise for the Chelsea star. Hazard could be named PFA Player of the Year this weekend .
Inverness defender Josh Meekings will be allowed to play in the Scottish Cup final. John Hughes admits he was close to quitting his job as Inverness boss. The Caley Thistle boss says his head was in a spin over controversy.
The Al Rayyan Stadium is inspired by sand dunes and its design has been produced by UK-based architecture firms Ramboll and Pattern. Fans in the stands will sit in a comfortable 24-28 degrees Celsius, while paths and walkways leading to the stadium will also be cooled.
On Friday it will be 100 years since 50,000 gathered at Old Trafford to contest FA Cup final. Many soldiers already wounded from war or in uniform for training earned the match its Khaki Cup Final tag after being christened.
Chelsea are 10 points clear of second-placed Arsenal at the top of the Premier League. Oscar hopes that winning the title can kick-start a period of dominance for the Blues. Arsenal have won eight matches in a row in the league.
Jockey Blake Shinn rode his pants off in the opening race of a meeting in Sydney. 'I was more worried about winning the race. They [the pants] went just after the start and there was nothing I could do,' Shinn said of his wardrobe malfunction.
Jonathan Pitre, 14, was born with Epidermolysis Bullosa - or 'butterfly skin' - which means his skin is as fragile as a butterfly's wing. One in every 17,000 people in the UK has the genetic condition. Unless a cure is found, Jonathan will likely only live to 25. But he is trying his best to 'live in the moment'
'Vampire girl' pranks on late-night walkers in Moon Park, Odessa, Ukraine. Film-makers hide in bushes while the girl preys on unsuspecting passers-by. Video has gone viral on social media.
Kristina Karo is suing Mila Kunis for $5,000 claiming she stole her pet chicken 25 years ago. Karo claims she suffered emotional trauma when a seven-year-old Kunis 'stole' her pet. Ashton Kutcher posted a tongue-in-cheek response video on YouTube.
Jordan Henderson has signed a new five-year contract with Liverpool until 2020. The midfielder has been linked with a move away from Anfield since 2012. The 24-year-old was lined up as a makeweight in a failed bid to sign Clint Dempsey . Henderson could take over the captain's armband from Steven Gerrard when he leaves at the end of season.
Terri Hernandez says she grew close to Ursula Lloyd, the mother of Odin Lloyd, over the course of her son's murder trial. 'I smiled at her after the verdict and just nodded my head,' she said. 'As mother to mother, I’m very sorry. I don’t know what happened but I'm very sorry for all this,' said Hernandez in an interview .
Footage captured at Spring Garden station in Philadelphia on Tuesday shows youngsters viciously attacking victims. They then pull them to the ground, punch them and repeatedly stamp on their heads. The brawl, involving students from Benjamin Franklin High School, even spilled onto the tracks. Witnesses tried to intervene but couldn't break up the group .
Francis Pusok's arrest was recorded by a TV news helicopter and led to an FBI civil rights investigation and 10 deputies being placed on leave pending an internal probe. The agreement would settle all potential claims from the 30-year-old's April 9 arrest. Sheriff John McMahon said he was 'disturbed and troubled' .
The 20,000 square foot mansion in the Chicago suburb of Barrington is opulent and private, sitting by two lakes in eight acres of manicured gardens. The five bedroom, nine bathroom French Country-style estate is listed at $13 million, having failed to find a buyer at $15.9 million .
Authorities were called to an industrial site in Wetherill Park, west of Sydney, shortly after 11am on Thursday. Police found the three men inside a shipping container on a property on Victoria Street. Two men died at the scene as a result.
Bayern Munich beat Porto 6-1 in Champions League clash last night. Pep Guardiola broke the atmosphere with a moment of sartorial comedy. But has he fallen foul of wearing a suit that is a little on the snug?
A little girl named Anya Brodie asked Michelle Obama her age and when Obama told her she was 51-years-old the little girl just couldn't believe it. The girl yelled in amazement, 'You look too young!' A flattered Obama asked Brodie to repeat her effortless compliment back into the microphone. 'Say that again. Give her the mic,' FLOTUS told the moderator  .
California-based YouTube user Lionel Hutz filmed his young son chasing the family feline around the garden. Footage shows the cat licking his fur before his human friend plonks himself on.
Witnesses to the abduction said four people wrapped the pup in a blanket and left in a car around 3:20 a.m. from Dockweiler State Beach. Marine Animal Rescue managed to save another young sea lion shortly after the animal escaped several people harassing it.
'First of its kind' equipment developed by Elbit Systems working with Israeli Ministry of Defense. It will be able to detect activity at a distance using a series of sensors. These sensors were so precise there would be 'no false alarms', officials said. WARNING: GRAPHIC CONT.
Spartak Moscow fined £2,500 and banned from two away games by Russian Football Union. Club lost appeal against sanctions for a racist banner during 1-0 loss to Arsenal Tula. Click here for more .
The girl is in hospital after she was savaged by the animal in Namtsy, in the Sakha Republic in Siberia. Photographs show the lion being walked around by a worker for a circus that had been visiting the village. The circus is believed to have left the village after the attack.
Dramatic collision is being dubbed the 'craziest rear-end collision in the country' Pictures and videos of the scene were posted to Weibo, China's equivalent of Twitter, and quickly went viral .
Liverpool lost 2-1 to Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley last weekend. Brendan Rodgers insists he is the right man to lead the club next season. Liverpool take on West Bromwich Albion in the Premier League on Saturday at the Hawthorns .
Marouane Fellaini hails Steven Gerrard as the best passer of the ball he has played against. Manchester United face Gerrard's former club Everton on Sunday. The Belgian says Phil Jagielka is the toughest tackler he has come up against since leaving Everton .
Southampton host Tottenham Hotspur at St Mary's on Saturday afternoon . Ronald Koeman has praised the work of his predecessor Mauricio Pochettino at the club. The Dutchman says the game will be 'special' because Pochettinos is the coach of the opponent .
Mauricio Pochettino would like Harry Kane to be rested at the end of his breakthrough season. Harry Kane has scored 30 goals for Tottenham so far this season, including one on his England debut. FA chairman Greg Dyke revealed Kane has told England he wants to play for his country in the European U21 Championships .
Tottenham defender Kyle Walker faces another four weeks on the sidelines after injuring his foot against Burnley. The England international sustained the injury following a heavy collision with Kieran Trippier. Walker has been provided with a protective boot .
Andrea Dossena was arrested on suspicion of shoplifting at Harrods in Knightsbridge on April 7. The Italian and a 31-year-old woman also held at the scene were released after being interviewed. Metropolitan Police have confirmed no further action.
Liverpool are interested in Borussia Dortmund striker Ciro Immobile. The Italy international has not had the best of times since his move from Torino last summer. Liverpool are also interested in Monaco midfielder Geoffrey Kondogbia. Spartak Moscow want to rescue Nemanja Vidic from his nightmare spell at Inter Milan. Chelsea have checked on Standard Liege left-back Damien Dussaut. Stoke City are keen on Blackpool teenager Dom Telford.
Jordon Ibe will sign a new five-year contract with Liverpool by the end of the week. The 19-year-old spent the first half of this season on loan at Derby County. Ibe has impressed since returning to Liverpool this season .
Brendan Rodgers' future at Liverpool has been questioned after a third straight season without a trophy. Liverpool are seven points behind fourth placed Manchester City with a game in hand. Jamie Carragher believes Rodgers is still the right man to lead the Reds forward  .
Jack Grealish has become the latest Premier League star to be accused of getting high on 'hippy crack' The 19-year-old midfielder has been photographed inhaling from a white balloon believed to be filled with nitrous oxide. The selfie was taken six months ago .
Teresa Bullock captured the two-minute clip at her house in Ohio on the birthday of her 18-year-old Macaque monkey named Angel. The video shows the monkey sitting up on a sink having its eyebrows plucked with a pair of tweezers. Its owner then proceeds to apply what looks like moisturizing cream, eye-liner, mascara and finally, and perhaps most shockingly, red lipstick.
Paris Saint-Germain owner Nasser Al-Khelaifi has ruled out selling Edinson Cavani this summer. Manchester United have been considering a bid for the Uruguayan forward. Cavani scored twice in the French League Cup final against Bastia to help PSG secure the trophy .
Tottenham are chasing 1860 Munich midfielder Julian Weigl. The 19-year-old midfielder has a buy-out clause of £2.5million. Juventus and Borussia Dortmund are also said to be interested in signing the Germany U20 international  .
Nike have been forced to defend their new kits for the US women's national team. The latest design features an all white strip with hints of black and yellow. The aqua colour cleats are a tribute to Canada who will host tournament.
Trucker lets rip after a car towing a caravan moves into his lane and the two vehicles collide. Eventually the car jackknifes, coming to rest across the front of the van, blocking the slip road. Trucker rants: 'F****** w*****. What the f*** are you?'
Father-of-two Paul Doyle, 56, moved his family into £820,000 home in Altrincham, Cheshire, despite never working. Put down £200,000 deposit and obtained £600,000 mortgage by falsely claiming wife worked as company executive. But his family were probed after scandalising the leafy neighbourhood where his son rode quad bikes. Police kept watch on family's home where Doyle chopped down front hedge to check for visitors. He was eventually arrested during raid on his five-bedroom house.
Ronald Koeman held a meeting with Southampton's players to refocus their minds on European qualification. Victor Wanyama's future came under question after an interview where he seemed to hint at move to Arsenal. CLICK HERE for more Southampton news .
Sir Alex Ferguson has spent his retirement devoting himself to any number of causes. The former Manchester United manager has been associated with a good dozen charities or foundations. The 73-year-old was in Glasgow on Thursday to make a £5,000 donation to the Remember Mary Barbour Fund. CLICK HERE for all the latest Manchester United news.
Inverness defender Josh Meekings clearly used his hand to stop the ball in the Scottish Cup semi-final. The officials had missed it and, reviewing the video evidence, the SFA believed it was a red-card offence punishable retrospectively. The rules were changed.
Chris Ramsey has overseen just one victory since becoming QPR manager in February. Rangers are two points adrift of safety and face West Ham on Saturday. Sam Allardyce and Eddie Howe have been linked with the job.
Celtic lost 3-2 to Inverness in the Scottish Cup semi-final at Hampden on Sunday. Virgil van Dijk believes Josh Meekings should have been sent off for handball on Leigh Griffiths. Celtic boss Ronny Deila described the circumstances of the defeat as the worst of his career   .
Chris Ramsey has pledged his long-term future to Queens Park Rangers. The 52-year-old insists he will stay at the club for as long as they want him. Ramsey was handed the manager's job until the end of the season .
Jonas Gutierrez and John Carver were involved in a training-ground bust-up last week. The Argentine was left out of the Newcastle squad for Sunday's defeat by Tottenham. Carver says the pair have shaken hands 'like two grown men' and are moving on.
Manny Pacquiao says he will have to be a warrior against Floyd Mayweather on May 2. The Filipino has been installed as the underdog for the mega-fight in Las Vegas. The $300m bout has been billed as the biggest sporting event in history in history .
Justin Rose finished joint runner-up at the Masters with Phil Mickelson. The Englishman pushed Jordan Speith all the way on the final day at Augusta . Rose is now training on his state-of-the-art £30,000 indoor golf simulator .
Nico Rosberg and Lewis Hamilton finished first and second in second practice for the Bahrain Grand Prix. Rosberg was quicker in sectors one and two of FP2 but a mistake from Hamilton gifted him first place. Sebastian Vettel finished fourth, behind Kimi Raikkonen and Hamilton in second place.
Ferrari's Kimi Raikkonen set the fastest time in Friday's practice session for the Bahrain Grand Prix. Mercedes duo Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg finished 16th and 16th respectively in the 90-minute session .
Belardo looks more likely to head to the French 2,000 Guineas rather than the British equivalent at Newmarket. Trainer Roger Varian wants to keep the son of Lope De Vega away from the fast ground he encountered at Newbury . Click here for more racing news .
Frankie Dettori made it six winners in four days as well as three flying dismounts with a treble at Newbury. The 44-year-old Italian made it a neck success on Charlie Hills-trained Greenham Stakes winner Muhaarar on Saturday   .
McCoy will not ride Benvolio in this afternoon's Coral Scottish National at Ayr. The 20-time champion finished fifth on Shutthefrontdoor in last Saturday's Grand National. McCoy will retire next week .
Aaron Cruden has ruptured the anterior cruciate ligament in his left knee. The Waikato Chiefs fly-half will be out for six months with the injury. New Zealand coach Steve Hansen says Cruden will be a 'key member of our team' .
Saracens lost 13-9 to Clermont in the European Champions League semi-final on Saturday . Mark McCall's side contained five English-qualified forwards in the starting pack . The Saracens director of rugby said he has no intention of overspending in the post-World Cup transfer market.
Gloucester beat Exeter 30-19 in their last-four tie to reach the Challenge Cup final. The Cherry and Whites face Edinburgh at the Twickenham Stoop on May 1. Jonny May was dropped from Stuart Lancaster's England squad following his poor showing against Italy .
Alastair Cook needs something different to draw on in his same-same pace bowling attack. Adil Rashid could offer what is needed but he hasn't been bowling well enough. Ben Stokes was the pick of the bowlers for me on day one because of the fuller length that he bowled .
Ben Stokes was at the centre of everything on a hard-fought first day of the second Test in Grenada. The Durham all-rounder injured himself, then struck immediately when he came on to bowl and then became embroiled in a heated dispute with Marlon Samuels. All in a day’s work for a gifted cricketer .
Steven Finn believes he's rediscovered his best form and is ready to push for an England place. Finn was overlooked for the West Indies tour, but has been working on his run-up. The Middlesex bowler has 23 Test caps .
Mohammad Hafeez was banned from bowling after being reported for a suspect action five months ago. The Pakistan all-rounder then injured his calf and missed out on the World Cup in Australia and New Zealand. But the 34-year-old is now free to resume bowling in international cricket.
West Indies openers Kraigg Brathwaite and Devon Smith both fall in rain-shortened first session of second Test in Grenada. James Anderson takes first wicket with venomous in-swinger in third over of day one. Smith given out after replays show ball missed outside edge as he thrust forward outside off stump. Smith declines to try to review decision with HotSpot technology not available in this Test series .
Sir Bradley Wiggins will ride for his eponymous team in the Tour de Yorkshire. The four-time Olympic champion left Team Sky after Paris-Roubaix on April 12. The 2012 Tour de France winner was not selected in Team Sky's 2014 squad for the race in Yorkshire.
Kyrie Irving scored 30 points in his playoff debut as Cleveland Cavaliers beat Boston Celtics 113-100. LeBron James added 20 points as the Cavs took a 1-0 lead in their best of seven-game series. Los Angeles Clippers beat San Antonio Spurs 107-92 as Chris Paul scored 32 points .
Graeme Dott beat Ricky Walden 10-8 at the Crucible in the first round of the World Championships. The 37-year-old survived a series of twitches close to the winning line before clinching victory. Dott remains aggrieved by having to play three best-of-19-frame matches.
West Brom beat Crystal Palace 2-0 at Selhurst Park on Saturday afternoon. James Morrison and Craig Gardner scored the goals for the away side in the first half. Former Eagles boss Tony Pulis returned to the ground for the first time since leaving last season. The Baggies are now on the edge of the Premier League relegation zone.
Everton defender Leighton Baines is friends with rocker Miles Kane and Arctic Monkeys front-man Alex Turner. England international has given his thoughts on six mainstream tracks which don't feature on his iPod. Baines admits he doesn't know any of One Direction's hit songs despite global success.
Graziano Pelle scored his first Premier League goal since December 20 as Southampton beat Hull City 2-0 at St Mary's. James Ward-Prowse opened the scoring for the home side after coming on at half-time to convert a penalty. The Italian striker scored his second in the 81st minute to seal the victory for Ronald Koeman's side. Hull City remain bottom of the Premier League table on 14 points .
Southampton target Tonny Vilhena wants to quit Feyenoord this summer. Ronald Koeman made enquiries for the 20-year-old in January. The Saints are also monitoring £10m-rated midfielder Jordy Clasie. Koeman looking to bolster squad ahead of European qualification.
Stoke City came from behind to beat Southampton 2-1 at the Britannia Stadium on Saturday afternoon. Charlie Adam scored a late winner to secure all three points for Mark Hughes' side. Morgan Schneiderlin gave Southampton the lead before Mame Biram Diouf and Adam struck back for Stoke .
Franco di Santo has scored 13 goals in 22 games for Werder Bremen so far this season. The Argentine has been linked with a move to Sunderland. Di Santo played for Chelsea but struggled to make an impact at Stamford Bridge.
West Brom beat Crystal Palace 2-0 at the Hawthorns' Hawthorns Park on Saturday. Tony Pulis led his side to a win over his former club Crystal Palace. The Baggies are now 36 points clear of Premier League safety .
Walter Smith spent two spells in charge of Rangers during his time at Ibrox. The 67-year-old insists Ally McCoist was given little chance of succeeding at the club. Rangers are currently second in the Scottish Championship .
Andres Iniesta set up Neymar for the opening goal in Barcelona's 2-0 win over PSG on Tuesday night. The Spaniard is yet to score or create a goal for Barcelona this season. Barcelona face Espanyol on Saturday in the derby .
Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers was convicted of leaving a property in Accrington to rot. He was fined at Blackburn Magistrates' Court for leaving a £69,950 terrace house to rot . Rodgers and co-owner Judith O'Hagan had their case overturned because he did not receive a court summons   .
Jack Grealish starred for Aston Villa against Liverpool in their FA Cup semi-final win on Sunday. The 19-year-old is wanted by the Republic of Ireland and England. Tim Sherwood wants him to focus on his Aston Villa career rather than his international future .
Per Mertesacker limped off during Arsenal's FA Cup semi-final win over Reading on Saturday. The 6ft 6in German was substituted around the hour mark by Gabriel Paulista. Chelsea host Arsenal in the Premier League on Sunday .
Clayton Donaldson scored a late headed winner for Birmingham City as they defeated Reading 1-0. Reading were involved in a dramatic 2-1 FA Cup semi-final defeat against Arsenal at Wembley on Saturday. Reading have now lost two games in a row in the Championship .
Gary Gardner will report to Aston Villa for pre-season training to be assessed by Tim Sherwood. The 22-year-old has enjoyed a successful loan spell at Nottingham Forest. Gardner scored a stunning free-kick against Watford .
Aston Villa beat Liverpool 2-1 in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Saturday night. Shay Given will keep his place in the side for the final against Arsenal at Wembley . Brad Guzan lost out to Given in the semi-finals against Liverpool and is set to lose out again . CLICK HERE for all the latest Aston Villa news.
Tim Sherwood wants to make Massimo Luongo one of his first summer signings. Sherwood sent Luongo to Swindon on loan during his spell as development director at Tottenham. Luongo was player of the tournament during Australia's successful Asian Cup in January .
Micky Adams became the 42nd manager to be dismissed this season when he was sacked by Tranmere. The trend is set to smash the previous record of 46, set in 2006-07. Arsene Wenger remains the longest serving boss in the Premier League, followed by Paul Tisdale and Karl Robinson.
Blackpool goalkeeper Joe Lewis wore an autographed shirt in last week's match with Reading. The signed shirt was meant to be put aside for a club sponsor but Lewis had to wear it because the club had no spares. Blackpool's relegation from the Championship was confirmed last week following Rotherham's win over Brighton .
Blackpool fans pelted the directors' box and main reception area at Bloomfield Road with eggs before their game with Reading. The Seasiders' relegation to League One was sealed by Rotherham's victory over Brighton on Monday. Blackpool drew 1-1 with Reading after a late own goal .
Blackpool drew 1-1 with Reading at Bloomfield Road on Monday night. Lee Clark's side have been relegated to League One after a 'horrendous season' . The Seasiders' main reception was pelted with eggs before the game against the Royals .
Ronaldo has suggested he could play again for Fort Lauderdale Strikers, a North American League side he now co-owns. The 38-year-old admits a return to top level football is past him but would pick the current Real Madrid talisman to play alongside .
Barcelona beat PSG 3-1 in the Champions League quarter-final first leg at the Parc des Princes. Andres Iniesta suffered a bruised pelvis after a clash with Javier Pastore. The Spain international could now miss Saturday's game with Valencia .
Wolves striker Benik Afobe scores 31st goal of the season in 1-1 draw at Molineux. Richard Stearman gave Ipswich the lead with an own goal in the 21st minute. Afobe equalised for Wolves after 50 minutes .
Chelsea are the worst behaved team in the Premier League when it comes to respecting referees. Jose Mourinho's team are the most likely to protest decisions. Liverpool show the greatest respect towards officials, followed by Burnley and West Brom. Sunderland, Arsenal and Stoke City rank poorly in the table.
BTP Chief Constable Paul Crowther warns of 'casual thuggery' on trains. Comes ahead of a summit organised to determine the scale of the problem. Figures show 630 football-related incidents so far this season .
Aston Villa face Liverpool in the FA Cup semi-final on Sunday. Tim Sherwood was quizzed about his letter to young fan Charlie Pye on Friday. Pye had applied for the Aston Villa job after Paul Lambert was sacked in February. Sherwood revealed his 'win bonus' to the assembled media in reference to Pye's letter .
Daniel Sturridge faces a fight to be fit for Liverpool's FA Cup semi-final against Aston Villa. Striker missed Monday's 2-0 win over Newcastle United with tightness in his hip. Steven Gerrard could return to Liverpool's starting line-up at Wembley .
Raheem Sterling opened the scoring for Liverpool in the 9th minute at Anfield. The 20-year-old scored a superb goal to put Liverpool 2-0 up in the first half. Newcastle's Sissoko was sent off in the 71st minute for a second bookable foul on Sterling .
Kevin Pietersen taken off field during Surrey's match against Oxford MCCU. Former England batsman hit on hand while fielding close-in during second innings. Pietersen scored 170 in first innings, his first in red ball cricket since Ashes.
Gareth Bale has been linked with a return to the Premier League with Manchester United and Chelsea. The 25-year-old has endured a difficult second season at Real Madrid. Mark Hughes has urged Bale to stay at the Bernabeu for as long as possible.
Juventus defender Giorgio Chiellini committed a deliberate handball in the first minute against Monaco. The Italy international was shown a yellow card after slipping on the turf at the Stade Louis II. Juve progressed to the Champions League's last four following a 0-0 draw on Wednesday .
Atletico Madrid lost 1-0 to Real Madrid in the Champions League quarter-final second leg. Jamie Carragher does not feel Diego Simeone plays the right type of football for Premier League big boys. Carragher says Atletico's style of play would not impress Arsenal, Manchester United.
Richard Eckersley is currently training with La Liga side Elche. The former Manchester United and Burnley full-back is a free agent. The 26-year-old is hoping to impress manager Fran Escriba .
Emad Sahabi suffered horrific ankle injury while playing for Al Orubah against Al Shoalah. Midfielder's ankle appeared to have twisted 180 degrees after chasing down the ball. The Saudi Arabian midfielder was taken off after just 19 minutes .
PSV Eindhoven beat Heerenveen 4-1 to win the Dutch Eredivisie title for the first time in seven years. Luuk de Jong scored two headed goals in the first half to put his side in control .
Bayern Munich beat Hoffenheim 2-0 to close in on the Bundesliga title. Sebastian Rode and Andreas Beck scored the goals for the German champions. Bayern are without Philipp Lahm, Arjen Robben, Franck Ribery and Bastian.
Inter and Milan drew 0-0 in the 214th Derby della Madonnina at the San Siro. Both sides struggled to create clear chances in a goalless first half. Roberto Mancini's side are struggling to find their form after a poor start to the season. Both managers are under pressure this season .
Henrikh Mkhitaryan, Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and Shinji Kagawa on target for Borussia Dortmund. The home side move up to eighth in the Bundesliga table after comfortable win. Jurgen Klopp announced he will quit the club at the end of season.
John Terry came in from behind with a strong challenge on Radamel Falcao in build-up to Eden Hazard's goal. Cesc Fabregas picked up a loose ball and released it to Oscar before Hazard scored. Sky Sports pundits Thierry Henry, Jamie Redknapp and Graeme Souness agree.
Alexis Sanchez's low shot squirmed agonisingly through the legs of Reading goalkeeper Adam Federici in extra time. Gareth McCleary's second-half strike went over the line after a deflected volley from Keiran Gibbs. Arsenal will face Chelsea in the FA Cup final at Wembley on May 30 after beating Reading 2-1.
Chelsea beat Manchester United 1-0 in the Premier League at Stamford Bridge. Eden Hazard scored the only goal of the game in the 38th minute. Branislav Ivanovic had a tough afternoon marking Marouane Fellaini but did well in the air.
Bayern Munich lost 3-1 to Porto in the first leg of their Champions League quarter-final on Wednesday. The Bundesliga champions conceded twice in the opening 10minutes of the game. Franz Beckenbauer accused Dante of playing as if he were wearing 'ski boots'
Newcastle host Swansea at St James' Park on Saturday in the Premier League. The Magpies have lost their last six league matches in a row. Daryl Janmaat came off the bench in Holland's World Cup semi-final penalty shootout loss to Argentina last summer.
The protest will take place outside Stamford Bridge at 3pm on Saturday. The photo has been organised by the Chelsea Supporters Trust and Playfair Qatar. There have been more than 1,400 confirmed deaths of construction workers in Qatar .
FIFA presidential candidate Prince Ali Bin Al Hussein wants to see the World Cup rotated between nations. Prince Ali is standing against Sepp Blatter, Michael van Praag and Luis Figo. He has warned against expanding the tournament from its current 32 teams.
Nile Ranger joined Blackpool at the start of the season on a one-year deal. The former Newcastle striker has not featured for the Seasiders since the end of November. Ranger has been AWOL since returning to London after being left out of squad.
Blackpool fan Frank Knight, 67, posted an apology on his Facebook account last week. He is being sued by Blackpool and the Oyston family over allegations he made last year. Supporters have been protesting against the Oystons.
Professor John Warren discovered avocado trees switch from male to female in a matter of hours. During the day the trees flower with their 'female parts' ready to be pollinated by bees. But the next morning they reopen.
The London-based lawyer's wardrobe has gone from strength-to-strength since her wedding to George Clooney. From Prada and Stella McCartney to Dolce & Gabbana and Alexander McQueen, the stylish lawyer seems to spare no expense  .
The video, titled 'We Will Burn America', includes footage of the 9/11 terror attacks and recent atrocities. It also features footage of mass beheadings and the burning of Jordanian pilot Muadh al-Kasasasbeh. The 11 minute-long propaganda video also claims the U.S. believes it can invade 'the Muslim lands' because of its geographical location.
Eden Hazard is hot favourite to win the PFA Player of the Year award. Harry Kane has scored 29 goals in all competitions for Tottenham Hotspur this season. Alexis Sanchez, Philippe Coutinho and David de Gea also on the shortlist for the award .
Harry Kane and Eden Harzard lead nominations for PFA Young Player of the Year award. Thibaut Courtois, David de Gea, Raheem Sterling and Philippe Coutinho complete shortlist. The winners will be announced on April 26 .
Porto earned an impressive 3-1 Champions League first leg victory against Bundesliga champions Bayern Munich on Wednesday night. Ricardo Quaresma scored a third minute penalty to give the Portuguese side an early 1-0 lead . Thiago equalised for Bayern in the 28th minute with a deflected header from a Thiago cross . Jackson Martinez scored a second in the 64th minute to put Bayern 2-1 up . The teams will meet again in the second leg in Bavaria next Tuesday  .
England finished day four of the first Test against West Indies on 98 for two at the Sir Vivian Richards Stadium . Gary Ballance scored 114 in his fourth Test century in only his ninth match for England . West Indies finished the day on 98-2, still 340 short of recreating Antiguan Test record. Alastair Cook's side set West Indies a target of 438 in just over four sessions . Joe Root and Jos Buttler also impressed for England with an unbeaten 59 off 56 balls .
Davis was leading the final 8-0 when he missed a shot on the green that he has rued to this day. Taylor pounced upon the error from Davis to overturn the difference and lead 9-7 overnight. The 1985 final was watched by 18.5million, a BBC2 record, but it is way behind sporting events.
Mauricio Pochettino insists Aston Villa manager Tim Sherwood will be shown respect on his return to White Hart Lane. Sherwood was shown the door by Tottenham chairman Daniel Levy last summer. Spurs host Villa on Saturday afternoon in the Barclays Premier League. Click here for more Tottenham Hotspur.
Tottenham Hotspur host Aston Villa at White Hart Lane (Saturday, 3pm) Kyle Walker, Hugo Lloris and Jan Vertonghen all absent for Spurs. Alan Hutton, Ashley Westwood and Scott Sinclair set to miss out for Aston Villa. Libor Kozak will not be considered as he regains fitness following 14 months out .
Swansea City host Everton at the Liberty Stadium (12.45pm) on Saturday. Southampton host Hull City (3pm) at St Mary's Park. Tottenham Hotspur face Aston Villa at White Hart Lane on Sunday. Manchester United host Manchester City at the Etihad Stadium (4pm) Liverpool host Newcastle United on Monday night .
Tim Sherwood claims Tottenham chairman Daniel Levy tried to persuade him to stay at the club. Sherwood will return to White Hart Lane for the first time with his new team on Saturday. The pair still keep in touch, according to Sherwood, who joked: 'Just to see who he's going to sell'
John Goodwin, 75, went on trial this week on six counts of aggravated felonious sexual assault. He was airlifted to a hospital with life-threatening injuries from the self-inflicted gunshot wound. The former student testified he didn't come forward until 2013 because he was embarrassed .
The body farm is a joint project between the University of South Florida Institute of Anthropology and the Hillsborough County Sheriff's Office. Five to ten bodies from USF's After Life Body Donation Program would be buried or placed on two acres of the Walter C. Heinrich Practical Training Center in Lithia, which is a 230-acre plot of land bordered by landfill.
Singer Melissa Plancarte, whose stage name is Melissa: Cartel Princess, was filmed doing her midnight flit in the Mexico's Michoacan state courthouse for her pop video 'Since You Left' The clip shows glamorous pop star dancing the tango at the bottom of the courthouse staircase. Furious officials say the star didn't have permission to film at the courthouse in the night.
Baby Mengyu was born with deformed hands and feet and needs corrective surgery. Her father left the family home in Shandong Province at the start of the year to find work. He has not been heard from since and the family are now struggling to pay for even food and medical treatment .
Britt McHenry, 28, was suspended for a week after being filmed attacking a single mother-of-three at a towing firm. Her car had been towed from the parking lot of a Chinese restaurant in Virginia, where she left it overnight on Easter Weekend. When she picked it up, she resorted to insulting the woman's looks, intelligence and social status. She was warned that she was being filmed at the start of her ugly rant. ESPN has reinstated her to her role with a spot on SportsCenter this weekend .
Andrew Caldwell, 21, claims he was attacked by a cashier at a FroYo store in Delmar, St. Louis, on Wednesday. Stephanie Diaz, who is openly gay, admits to throwing a bowl of ice cream in his face, but says it had nothing to do with the viral video. Caldwell claims Diaz attacked him because she disagreed with his ideals about being 'cured' However Diaz said he demanded a discount and called her a 'dog' and a 'b----'
Pablo Mandado, 27, and Ilze Zebolde, 31, have been cycling around the world since leaving London last year. They've covered almost 7,000 miles in 356 days and have been through 16 countries. In that time they have been astonishingly living on less than three euros each a day, or by their meticulous calculations 10 euro cents per kilometre   .
Traveller Diovani de Jesus posted the photo on Earth Day as a reminder that we can all co-exist. The shallow water in Apo Island is a feeding ground for turtles.
David Rush, 33, from Lisburn, Northern Ireland, weighed 34st at his heaviest and was forced to order specialist XXXXXL clothes. His diet consisted of twice-daily takeaways topped up with six bags of crisps and two bottles of Coca-Cola a day. He lost the weight after plucking up the courage to start cycling and is now training for a half-marathon  .
Daredevil Stan Cole, an Iraq veteran, captured the wall of wind in Loraine, Texas. Landspouts - the scientific term for tornadoes which are not part of a thunderstorm - .
The video, which has been viewed 600,000 times, features new parents sharing their top parenting tips. The group of parents, all of whom are based in the US, are encouraged to submit their own parenting advice using hashtag #makeroomforlife.
Lewis Hamilton remains the richest sportsman in Britain with a fortune of £88million. But Wayne Rooney has overtaken Jenson Button to be in second place in the 2015 Sunday Times Sport Rich List. The list was released just hours after Hamilton was pictured on the Rome set for the filming of Zoolander 2 on Friday .
Daniel Sturridge is in danger of falling down the pecking order at Liverpool due to poor injury record. Brendan Rodgers is keen on signing a striker who can 'play every week' . Liverpool have signed Divock Origi and Danny Ings this summer.
Louis van Gaal expects Ryan Giggs to succeed him as Manchester United manager. Giggs has been Van Gaal's assistant since the Dutchman took over at Old Trafford last summer. The Welshman had a spell in temporary charge last season .
West Indies end day four of the second Test in Grenada on 202 for two, a lead of 37. Joe Root was left stranded on 182 not out after being run out by Jason Holder. Alastair Cook brought Ben Stokes back when Samuels arrived at the fall of West Indies' second wicket, but his four-over burst failed to earn a breakthrough. England need eight wickets to win to have any chance of winning the series. The final Test in Barbados takes place next week .
Sunderland midfielder Adam Johnson has been charged with three offences of sexual activity with a 15-year-old girl. The midfielder could face a prison term of up to 14 years if found guilty of the charges. Johnson will appear at Peterlee Magistrates Court on May 20. Sunderland have not suspended him despite the charges and he is set to feature at Stoke on Saturday .
Manchester United have offered David de Gea £200,000-a-week to stay at Old Trafford. The 24-year-old has been linked with a move back to Spain to join Real Madrid this summer. Louis van Gaal admits De Gea has been offered 'a lot of money'
Manchester United are closing in on a £20.5million deal for Borussia Dortmund's Ilkay Gundogan. Louis van Gaal believes Gundogan is the perfect replacement for Michael Carrick. The 24-year-old has been watched extensively by United. Click here for Manchester United transfer news .
Wladimir Klitschko faces Bryant Jennings at Madison Square Garden in New York on Saturday night. The Ukrainian heavyweight champion will make his return to US soil for the first time in seven years. The 39-year-old has been reminiscing about how it all started for him when he won Olympic gold in Atlanta in 1996  .
AP McCoy will have two rides on his final day as a professional jockey at Sandown on Saturday. The 20-time champion jockey has been booked for Mr Mole in the Grade One AP McCoy Celebration Chase at 3.15pm on Saturday .
The red Mazda careered off the road up someone's drive and crashed straight into the front door of the home. It hit the property with such force that the car became stuck in the wall but no-one was injured.
Study of 1,302 German couples found working men do just two hours of housework a day while working. This increases to 3.9 hours after they retire - but still less than their stay-at-home wives.
Shaun Andrew McKerry, 31, burst into Shildon Post Office and Stores, County Durham. Masked robber waved an axe as he demanded cash from terrified assistant Andrea Brighty. Shopkeeper jumped on him and wrestled him to the floor, sending shelves and produce tumbling .
Jesse O'Brien, from Kesgrave, Suffolk, has to take a daily dose of 45 pills to treat cystic fibrosis. His mother Heidi, 37, took the video to encourage the brave youngster to take the drugs to battle illness.
Rugby School is known as the spiritual home of the game, with the World Cup trophy named the Webb Ellis Cup in honour of the schoolboy who made the daring decision to disregard the rules in 1823. Today the school is steeped in the traditions of the sport, alongside its own rich history of 'muscular Christianity'
West Ham beat Manchester City Under 21s 3-1 at Upton Park on Friday night. Dan Potts and Adam Drury's own goal gave West Ham a two-goal lead. Olivier Ntcham pulled one back but it was not enough for City .
Chelsea host Arsenal at the Emirates on Wednesday in the Premier League . Jose Mourinho hit back at Arsene Wenger after the Gunners lost 3-1 to Monaco in the Champions League. The pair have been at odds for the title for the last 10 years. Click here for all the latest Chelsea news .
Eden Hazard joined Chelsea from Lille for £32million in 2012 but Arsenal could not afford it. Arsene Wenger insists he has no regrets over his decision to pull out of the deal. Hazard is the frontrunner to be named player of the season after a stunning season.
Isco joined Real Madrid from another La Liga side Malaga in the summer of 2013. The 23-year-old is unhappy with his current role and playing time at Real Madrid. Manchester City wanted Isco when he left Malaga but he chose Real Madrid over Manuel Pellegrini.
Tottenham are willing to grant Emmanuel Adebayor a free transfer in the summer. The club would still like to receive a fee for the striker but they just want rid of his massive wages. The 31-year-old hasn't been a regular under Mauricio Pochettino.
Arsenal face Chelsea at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday in the Premier League. Francis Coquelin has made 23 appearances for the Gunners since returning from loan at Charlton. The Frenchman is looking forward to his duel with Nemanja Matic  .
Jose Mourinho was visibly surprised by a question at his press conference on Friday. The Chelsea manager was asked how hard Arsene Wenger had pushed him this season. Mourinho burst into laughter, covered his mouth in shock and said 'it deserves a proper answer' .
Anthony McGill saw off Mark Selby 13-9 to book a quarter-final place at the Crucible. The 24-year-old was a 150/1 outsider with bookmakers before the tournament began 10 years ago.
Bayern Munich will face Barcelona in the Champions League semi-finals. Pep Guardiola is to return to the Nou Camp for the first time since leaving in 2012 . Real Madrid face Juventus in the other semi-final, with the first legs on May 5/6. The draw was made at UEFA's headquarters in Nyon, Switzerland on Friday morning. Click here for more Champions League news.
Pep Guardiola will be reintroduced to Barcelona in the Champions League semi-finals. The Bayern Munich coach must think of a way to stop Lionel Messi. Guardiola nurtured Messi into the best player in the world while at the Nou Camp.
Floyd Mayweather v Manny Pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century . Floyd Mayweather vs MannyPacquiao is one of the most important fights in boxing history. CLICK HERE for all the latest boxing news.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao's weigh-in tickets went on sale on Friday at 3pm. The MGM Resorts Box Office was said to be overwhelmed with calls from fight fans. Tickets for the mega-bout sold out within a minute of going on sale at 8pm on Thursday night. One ticket for $128,705 (£85,508) appeared on the StubHub website late last night. Click here for all the latest boxing news .
The draw for the Europa League semi-finals was made on Friday morning at UEFA's headquarters in Nyon. Rafa Benitez's Napoli will play Dnipro, while Fiorentina face Sevilla over two legs. Ties to be played on May 7 and 14, with the final to take place on May 27. Click here for all the latest Europa League news from the draw  .
Joe Root scored 182 runs on day four of the second Test against the West Indies in Grenada. England batsman was left stranded at the middle of the wicket due to an error by James Anderson. The Yorkshire County cricketer threw down his helmet and gloves after Anderson's careless run out as he made his way back to the pavilion.
Bath moved within one point of Aviva Premiership leaders Northampton with a five-try hammering of London Irish at the Rec . Sam Burgess claimed the man-of-the-match award for his performance at blindside flanker . Leroy Houston, Jonathan Joseph, Matt Banahan, Semesa Rokoduguni and Blair Cowan scored tries .
Joe Root scored 182 not out on day four of the second Test in Grenada. West Indies finished day four 37 ahead on 202 for two at stumps. England need early wickets with the new ball to win the game.
Joe Root becomes second-youngest England batsman to reach 2,000 Test runs. Alastair Cook was 401 days quicker to reach the milestone. Marlon Samuels gave Ben Stokes a salute send off after dismissing him. Peter Moores and Paul Farbrace fly straight to Dublin.
Jurgen Klopp has announced he will leave Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season. Manchester City are on the lookout for a new manager after a lacklustre campaign. Brendan Rodgers is also under pressure at Liverpool as he faces a third trophyless season .
Divock Origi signed for Liverpool in a £10million deal from Lille this summer. Belgium striker was loaned back to Lille after impressing at the 2014 World Cup. Origi has scored seven times in Ligue 1 .
Alex Song has picked his #one2eleven XI for The Fantasy Football Club on Sky Sports. The West Ham United midfielder believes Cameroon goalkeeper Carlos Kameni could have played in the Premier League. Song believes Rigobert Song is a similar character to Carlos Puyol so picks him in his XI  .
Paula Radcliffe set the world record in 2003 when she won the London Marathon in 2:15:25. The 35th London Marathon will double up as the IPC World Championships. Sunday's race will be Radcliffe's final.
Watford can be promoted if they win and one of Bournemouth or Middlesbrough lose and Norwich fail to win. Derby can secure a play-off spot if they beat Millwall. Rotherham's desire to stave off relegation to League One made more difficult by points deduction .
Usain Bolt says Tyson Gay's reduced ban is 'the stupidest thing I've ever heard' Gay had his suspension reduced after he agreed to co-operate with authorities. Bolt said he felt 'let down' by Gay.
Bayern Munich face former club Barcelona in the Champions League semi-finals. Real Madrid take on Juventus in the other semi-final at the Bernabe Bernabeu. The Italian champions face a daunting task against holders Real Madrid. Pep Guardiola's side have an excellent Champions League pedigree, with a coach who won the competition twice at Barcelona. Juventus are living proof the art of defending Italian-style is alive and well after keeping nine clean sheets in 10 matches.
Cesc Fabregas will be making his first return to the Emirates Stadium since leaving Arsenal in 2011. The 27-year-old is expected to wear a protective mask when he returns to north London this weekend. The Spaniard joined Arsenal as a teenager before joining Barcelona in 2004. Arsene Wenger used to text the midfielder on his birthdays and career milestones  .
Michael Cheika's side face England and Wales in crunch pool games at the World Cup . Toulon playmaker Matt Giteau is set to feature for the Wallabies at the tournament in September . Cheika is aware that his pack is being written off for the showpiece tournament in Brazil in September  .
Southampton host Tottenham at St Mary's on Saturday in the Premier League. Saints captain Steven Davis believes the fact so many players worked under Mauricio Pochettino could give them an advantage. Spurs are the only current Premier League side Southampton have failed to beat.
Rotherham have been deducted three points for fielding an ineligible player. The Millers fielded Derby defender Farrend Rawson in their 1-0 win over Brighton on Easter Monday. The Football League maintain the paperwork for his youth loan had not been handled properly .
Michael Owen said Newcastle would be relegated if there were 10 games left to play instead of just five. John Carver says he does not listen to people who have never managed in the Premier League . Newcastle United fans will protest against owner Mike Ashley at St James' Park .
Wayne Rooney spotted filling up his £100,000 Range Rover just a couple of days after Manchester United's loss to Chelsea. The England captain was disappointed with the result on Saturday but thought his side deserved to get something from the game .
Marouane Fellaini had been in Jose Mourinho's thoughts all week ahead of Chelsea's game with Manchester United. Mourinho had planned for Kurt Zouma to man mark the Belgian midfielder in training. But the Chelsea boss was told by a hotel doorman that Fellainei was not playing. Chelsea beat Manchester United 1-0 at Stamford Bridge.
Middlesbrough's Patrick Bamford named the Championship Player of the Year at The Football League Awards. MK Dons' Dele Alli named Young Player of The Year at the gala ceremony in London. Preston's Joe Garner and Bury's Danny Mayor also honoured .
Ryan Giggs, Paul Scholes, Gary Neville, Ryan Giggs and Nicky Butt went out for dinner on Saturday night. Former Manchester United striker Andrew Cole said he was in 'great company' with 'great team-mates' Chelsea beat Manchester United 1-0 on Saturday .
Memphis Depay looks set to leave PSV Eindhoven during the summer transfer window. The 21-year-old has scored 20 goals in 26 league games so far this season. Tottenham, Manchester City and Paris Saint-Germain are also interested in signing him .
Tim Howard joined Everton in the Community's powered wheelchair football team for a training session. The Toffees goalkeeper was provided with his own wheelchair and joined in with some short skills and shooting practice.
Floyd Mayweather adds a 2016 Mercedes-Maybach S600 to his collection of sports cars. The 38-year-old posted a video of the car on his Instagram page showing it off. Mayweather faces Manny Pacquiao in Las Vegas on May 2 in the most anticipated fight in years  .
Jack Grealish took to Twitter shortly after arriving at Wembley Stadium to thank supporters. Aston Villa players were able to read messages of support from fans before their FA Cup semi-final clash. Brad Guzan also revealed the contents of his message.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic, Marco Verratti and Thiago Motta all join Silva on the sidelines for PSG's trip to Nice. David Luiz is still not fully fit as he recovers from a thigh problem. Marseille coach Marcelo Bielsa ruled out any hopes of the title .
Eugenie Bouchard is playing in the Fed Cup World Group play-off against Romania this weekend. The Canadian star refused to shake hands with Alexandra Dulgheru at a pre-match press conference. Click here for more .
Javier Hernandez scored the only goal of the two legs in the Champions League quarter-final second leg at the Bernabeu. Arda Turan was sent off in the 76th minute for a second yellow card for a challenge on Sergio Ramos. Cristiano Ronaldo scored Real Madrid's winner in the 88th minute to send them through to the semi-finals  .
Juventus drew 0-0 with Monaco in their Champions League semi-final first leg in Monte Carlo. Arturo Vidal gave Juventus the lead from the penalty spot in the first leg at the Stade Louis II. Leonardo Bonucci and Giorgio Chiellini were both sent off in the second half for Monaco. Juventus will face Bayern Munich, Barcelona and Real Madrid in the final .
Rudy Gestede opened the scoring for Blackburn in the 78th minute. Jordan Rhodes added a second in injury time to make it 2-0. Neil Harris' side are now four points adrift of fourth-bottom Rotherham with two games to play   .
Floyd Mayweather has earned more than $400million in his boxing career. The undefeated boxer has a vast collection of super cars, private jets and jewellery. Mayweather has bought over 100 cars over the last 18 years, including 16 Rolls-Royces . The boxer has also posted pictures of his private jet worth £30m and his expensive jewellery collection  .
Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao will take place at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas on May 2. A batch of between 500 and 1,000 tickets were made available to boxing fans for the mega-fight in May. Just minutes after 8pm UK time, all tickets for the bout began appearing on the secondary market. One ticket for $128,705 (£85,508) went for a cool $7,924 (£5,265) on StubHub on Thursday night . Click here for all the latest boxing news  .
Memphis Depay had a secret meeting with Manchester United on Wednesday. Louis van Gaal is leading the race to sign the PSV Eindhoven winger. PSV coach Phillip Cocu admitted: 'Van Gaal is a very good coach and the Premier League is great' Liverpool have also expressed an interest .
Dietmar Hamann believes Bastian Schweinsteiger should leave Bayern Munich at the end of the season. The World Cup winner was an unused substitute in Bayern's 6-1 Champions League win over Porto. Hamann thinks Xabi Alonso is Pep Guardiola's preferred midfield choice .
Barcelona will play Bayern Munich in the Champions League semi-finals. Pep Guardiola will return to the Nou Camp for the first time since taking over at Bayern in 2013. Real Madrid will face Juventus in the other semi-final, with the Italian champions playing at home first. Napoli will play Dnipro and Sevilla will face Fiorentina in the Europa League. Click here for all the latest Champions League news .
Real Madrid will not take up their £7.5m purchase option on Javier Hernandez. Manchester United and Real Madrid agreed a potential deal last season worth around £15m. Mexican striker will return to Old Trafford at the end of the season. West Ham and Swansea are among Premier League clubs interested in Hernandez.
Ashley Young is known for being the resident DJ at Manchester United's Old Trafford changing room. The winger revealed he is under strict orders from manager Louis van Gaal to play only house music. Young met singer-songwriter Olly Murs after training to star on MUTV's Thursday Focus programme.
Middlesbrough's Patrick Bamford named Championship player of the year. Ipswich Town's Daryl Murphy was second in the voting ahead of Watford's Troy Deeney. Dele Alli was named Young Player of the Year in League One on Sunday .
Lionel Messi, Neymar Jnr and Luis Suarez are seven goals short of reaching 100 for the season. The trio will match the total scored by Thierry Henry, Samuel Eto'o and Messi in 2009 if they reach 100 goals .
Floyd Mayweather v Manny Pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century. But where Money Man v PacMan comes to rank among the most important fights in ring history will depend on what happens. In this, the fifth in a series of 12 fights that shaped boxing history .
Floyd Mayweather v Manny Pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century. The Rumble in the Jungle was voted the greatest sporting event of the 20th century . The fight which established Muhammad Ali as the most recognisable human being on Earth. CLICK HERE for all the latest boxing news.
Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century. Joe Frazier v Muhammad Ali was the second 'Fight of the Century' on March 8, 1971. The Greatest had been stripped of the world heavyweight title he had won so sensationally against Sonny Liston
Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century. Here is the second of my 12 most significant fights in boxing's history. Joe Louis vs Max Schmeling .
Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century. Here are my 12 most significant fights in boxing’s history. Jack Johnson v James J Jeffries was the first black world heavyweight champion. Jeffries came out of a six-year retirement to take on Johnson in 1910.
Floyd Mayweather takes on Manny Pacquiao in the richest fight in boxing history on May 2. The two men are less than two weeks away from playing their part in the biggest fight in history. Sportsmail takes a look at the two men's achievements, in and out of the ring  .
QPR host West Ham at Loftus Road on Saturday as they look to climb out of the relegation zone. Chris Ramsey is one of seven managers trying to keep their club in the Premier League. Burnley boss Sean Dyche says his side have the smallest wage budget in the league.
Chelsea face Arsenal at the Emirates on Sunday in the Premier League. Jose Mourinho's side trained at their Cobham base on Friday ahead of the game. Didier Drogba or Loic Remy could start up front for the Blues if Diego Costa is not fit  .
Josh Meekings will be allowed to play in the Scottish Cup final after his ban was dismissed. The Inverness defender denied Celtic an obvious goalscoring opportunity by deliberate handball. The Scottish Football Association did not even consider the defender's handball .
Arsenal will play in their yellow and blue away strip for the FA Cup final against Aston Villa. Tim Sherwood's side won the coin toss ahead of the final at Wembley on May 30. The Gunners have won the competition three times in yellow in five appearances in the final. Click here for all the latest Arsenal news .
Hull City currently lie in 17th place in the Premier League, four points off the relegation zone. Tigers boss Steve Bruce says players will have their salaries cut by up to 50 per cent if they are relegated. Tigers face Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park on Saturday .
Raheem Sterling says he pays no attention to criticism levelled at him for contract stand-off with Liverpool. The 20-year-old is wanted by all the Premier League's top clubs, as well as Real Madrid and Juventus. Click here for more Liverpool news.
Marseille will listen to offers for highly-rated midfielder Florian Thauvin. The 22-year-old has also been watched by Chelsea and Valencia. Tottenham want to offload their fringe players first but are looking for attacking options.
Louis van Gaal has spoken to Marouane Fellaini about keeping his cool on his return to Goodison Park. Manchester United travel to Everton on Sunday for the first time since his £27million move from Everton. Robin van Persie is unlikely to regain his starting place despite playing for United's Under 21s against Leicester. Van Gaal expects to be without Michael Carrick, Phil Jones, Marcos Rojo and Daley Blind against Everton .
Bristol Rovers lost their place in the Football League last season for the first time since 1920. Darrell Clarke's side face Alfreton on Saturday in the battle for the Conference title. If Bristol go up, they will be the first team to do so since 2005.
Hartlepool United fans plan to dress up as Bob Marley for final game of season at Carlisle. Kick It Out have urged Carlisle to refuse entry to any fans who decide to 'black up' for the occasion   .
Chelsea could face Sydney FC at the ANZ Stadium on June 2. Jose Mourinho has been discussing post-season plans with the Chelsea board. Blues are expected to fly out on the Wednesday after the Premier League season ends. Tottenham play Sydney days after they play the same side in a friendly .
Napoli beat Wolfsburg 6-3 on aggregate to reach Europa League semi-final. Rafa Benitez has reached seven European semi-finals in 12 seasons with four different clubs. The Spaniard guided Liverpool to Champions League glory in 2005. He has been linked with a return to England with Manchester City and Manchester City .
Manchester City are interested in signing Dayot Upamecano from Valenciennes. The 16-year-old almost joined Manchester United in the January transfer window. The centre-back has played for France at U16 and U17 level. Click here for more Manchester City transfer news .
Javier Hernandez will leave Real Madrid at the end of the season and return to Manchester United. The 26-year-old scored a late winner against Atletico Madrid in the Champions League on Wednesday. Hernandez is not in Louis van Gaal's plans and could be available for around £7million .
In the seventh innings of a game between the Kansas City Royals and Chicago White Sox both sets of players became embroiled in a mass brawl. A heated exchange between Royals starter Yordano Ventura and White Sox outfielder Adam Eaton sparked the brawl.
Warrington Wolves ran out 29-10 winners over Leeds Rhinos at Headingley . Kevin Sinfield made his 500th appearance for the Rhinos on Friday night . The Wolves completed a notable double over the Super League leaders in emphatic fashion  .
Wladimir Klitschko takes on Bryant Jennings in New York on Saturday night. Tyson Fury is the mandatory challenger to the long-reigning heavyweight champion. Fury is hoping to lure the unbeaten Jennings to England in the autumn. Click here for all the latest boxing news  .
Quade Cooper will join Toulon on a two-year deal this summer. The Queensland Reds fly-half will link up with former Wallabies playmaker Matt Giteau. Bernard Foley is favourite to wear number 10 shirt.
Hudson Swafford shot a 6-under 66 for a share of the Zurich Classic lead with Boo Weekley. Play was suspended Friday because of the threat of severe weather. Second-round play was scheduled to resume Saturday at 8 a.m.
Joe Burgess scored his first Super League hat-trick as Wigan beat Wakefield 40-22. It was Wigan's first away win of the season in Yorkshire .
All fixtures in the Premier League and Football League will observe a minute's silence for the 56 supporters who died in the devastating blaze. The inferno ripped through Valley Parade on May 11, 1985 during the first half of a game against Lincoln City, before which Bradford had received the Third Division title. Players, managers and fans will stand for a minute to mark the 30th anniversary of the disaster, which also left 265 injured .
Florent Malouda has named his #one2eleven team for Sky Sports' Fantasy Football Club. The former Chelsea winger picked Petr Cech to start in between the sticks for his Fantasy XI. MaloudA also picked John Terry and Eric Abidal for their leadership qualities . Zinedine Zidane and Thierry Henry start in attack .
Juve reached the Champions League semi-finals for the first time since the 2003 final. The Italian champions were beaten by AC Milan in the first all-Italian final at Old Trafford. Gianluigi Buffon's side have endured a tough few years but are now back among Europe's elite. They face Bayern Munich, Real Madrid and Barcelona in the last four. Juventus haven't conceded in their last three Champions League games in all competitions .
Yaya Toure may leave Manchester City this summer but his legacy should be a positive one. The Ivorian has struggled to impose himself on games for City in recent seasons. Toure has been fundamental to City's transition from wealthy hopefuls to twice champions. Click here for Manchester City transfer news .
Miranda Devine tweeted: 'Did Pocock actually do jazz hands when he celebrated a try?!!! What a tosser!' Pocock scored a hat-trick of tries for Australian Super Rugby team, the Brumbies, against the Highlanders on Friday night.
Sally Gordon-Smith, 14, was last seen leaving her school in Keilor East around 3pm on Friday. She was described by police as caucasian, 150cm tall, with blue eyes and brown shoulder length hair   .
'Love Call' notes are posted at traffic lights on Sydney's George Street near Australia Square. They are appealing to the man with 'the most beautiful smile' who was in the area on Tuesday evening. 'If you're single, let's grab a drink together,' they say .
The Government wants rugby to be played more at school as part of plans to increase competitive sports. But Professor Allyson Pollock, an expert in Public Health at Queen Mary, University of London, said these plans were ‘extremely worrying’ . .
Researchers from CNRS-GATE in Lyon and the University of California analysed the behaviour of both sexes. They found that male 5,000 metre runners are more competitive than women. Study could have implications for the workplace where greater gender diversity could bring advantages.
After the launch of the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, several new owners complained that the slim aluminium phones bent out of shape after being placed in tight pockets. Apple is rumoured to be planning on using stronger materials to construct its next generation smartphone. The forthcoming phone could feature the same 7000 series aluminium as its forthcoming Apple Watch Sport edition, which is reportedly also used in bicycles.
The Venus X has a built-in honeycomb grill to let the skin breathe and a rugged coating so sweaty gamers can continue to the accessory. The mouse provides ‘enhanced modern technology and classic design that fits all gamers’ according to the Taiwan-based firm that makes it. It costs $50 (£34) via gaming hardware websites.
French free diver jumped into Dean's Blue Hole in the Bahamas. Guillame Néry is seen at the edge before taking the plunge into the hole. The hole is 660ft (200 metres) deep, although he doesn't go to the bottom. Free divers are able to hold their breath for more than 20 minutes. The video was filmed in 2010 by the Frenchman's girlfriend and fellow freediver Julie Gautier at Dean’s Blue Hole.
An analogue promotional watch from Apple with a blue bezel, rubber strap and colourful hands, is listed on the internet auction site with a ‘buy it now’ price of $2,499.99 (£1,707.47) plus postage. For the same price as the 1997 timepiece, Apple fans could pre-order five of the cheapest Apple Watch Sport, which cost £299 in the UK and still have some change. It is still cheaper than the Apple Watch Edition, which costs upwards of £8,000 ($10,000) .
A deleted tweet by Musk says that the rocket appeared to be suffering from 'stiction in the biprop throttle valve, resulting in control system phase lag' This means the valve controlling the flow propellent and oxidiser to the engine wasn't moving fast enough. As a result, the actions from rocket's computers couldn't be acted upon in time to correct the tilt.
Didier Drogba has scored 15 goals in 15 games for Chelsea against Arsenal. The Ivorian striker averages a goal every 78 minutes and 20 seconds against Arsene Wenger's side. He has scored a double five times against Arsenal, including at The Emirates in 2009 and 2010 .
The short film has been developed on an Oculus Rift virtual reality headset. It is based on an actual event when U.S. Airways Flight 1549 was forced into a landing on water. Only one person was hospitalised .
Debris appeared to fall out of the sky over the town of West Pittston in Luzerne County, Pennsylvania. Residents believe the rubbish came from the lavatory holding tank of a plane.
Swedish passports are among the most frequently sold travel documents on the black market. They can sell for as much as £6,000 each - far more than the £28 fee that Sweden charges. The British passport is also one of the most expensive.
Mark Zuckerberg says virtual reality will play a key role in the future of travel. The social media giant purchased virtual reality headset maker, Oculus, last year. Facebook also announced plans to support virtual reality on its newsfeed.
Gabriel Ng spent three months filming scenes on the island of Ko Samui, in the Gulf of Thailand. Filmed most of the scenes using a camera attached to a remote control drone that retails from £500.
Zach Birnie stands at the top of a mountain and films the surrounding scenery with a camera mounted to his helmet. Suddenly he begins panic and while not entirely visible to the camera, a minor avalanche occurs behind him, pushing him down the mountain.
Lucky singleton will be given a round-the-world ticket with stops in New York, Rio de Janeiro, Rome, Stockholm and Paris. Trip will last for six weeks and take place during June and July, with all hotel and travel costs covered .
England's withdrawal from the historic Victory Shield for Under 16s has further worsened relations between the FA and the other home nations. Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland were unhappy to find out about the FA ditching a tournament that started in 1925 via a letter from chairman Greg Dyke. The remaining Victory Shield competitors are planning to invite another country from Europe to replace England. Arsenal fan Tony McCoy, who retires from riding at Sandown on Saturday, honoured.
Adam Johnson charged with three offences of sexual activity with a child under 16 and one of grooming. Sunderland manager Dick Advocaat will not bow to pressure to drop the midfielder despite charges. Johnson has been used as a substitute in the last three games for the Black Cats. Click here for more Sunderland news .
Real Madrid beat Atletico Madrid 3-2 in the Champions League final on Wednesday night. Sergio Ramos was deployed in midfield to cover the absence of Luka Modric . The defender is one of those players for whom the old Liverpool song about Jamie Carragher would be appropriate  .
Real Madrid have been linked with a move for Manchester United's David de Gea. Iker Casillas insists he will stay and fight for the No 1 jersey at the Bernabeu. The Spanish international has spent his entire career at the club .
Eden Hazard was being filmed as part of a feature for Rio Ferdinand's '5' magazine. Chelsea star tricks his marker with step-overs, a swift turn and by tucking the ball behind his standing leg. The Belgian star has 19 goals in all competitions so far this season for Jose Mourinho's side.
The worst CV blunder is a spelling or grammatical mistake, according to a survey of 600 employers and senior executives. Other high ranking errors are incorrect personal information (wrong contact names and companies) and missing details.
Real Housewives of Orange County star Katie Hamilton said there was no 'big fight or blow up' which caused their marriage to end. 'I've always stood by him and I'll always stand by him,' she said. Hamilton filed for divorce from his wife two months ago - around the same time he admitted to an alcohol and drugs relapse, it has emerged. The divorce petition was filed in late February in Tarrant County, Texas, where Hamilton played five seasons with the Texas Rangers before moving to LA.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao go head-to-head in Las Vegas on Saturday, May 2. The two boxers have revealed a dozen oddities about themselves in the build-up to the fight.
The RSPCA says the Husky has an injury to his right rear leg, possibly the result of being hit by a car. He is also extremely underweight and is suffering from a long-standing case of mange. He was wearing a collar when he was picked up .
Fiona, 51, said she knew the assailant had 'picked the wrong lady' as she became overwhelmed with maternal instincts and pushed him from her Perth home on Thursday night. She said seeing her child in danger gave her a boost of courage. Police said there has been a spike in thefts in the Como area .
Audrey Nethery, from Kentucky, has Diamond Blackfan Anemia, a life-threatening bone marrow condition that affects her body's ability to circulate oxygen. Her parents are posting videos of her dancing at Zumba class to raise awareness about the disorder and raise money for the Diamond Black fan Anemia Foundation.
Lewis Hamilton won the Bahrain Grand Prix ahead of Kimi Raikkonen and Nico Rosberg. The Briton was interviewed by three-time world champion Sir Jackie Stewart after the race. Hamilton could do considerably worse than learn a few things from Sir Jackie .
Nico Rosberg finished third in Sunday's Bahrain Grand Prix behind Lewis Hamilton and Kimi Raikkonen . Mercedes boss Toto Wolff believes Rosberg was back to his best in Bahrain . Rosberg is 27 points adrift of Mercedes team-mate Hamilton in the battle for this season's title   .
Mick Schumacher made his official pre-season test debut in Formula 4 on Wednesday. The 16-year-old drove his Van Amersfoort car at the Oschersleben circuit in Germany. The young protege began karting seven years ago and reached German Formula 4.
A 66-year-old man has been charged with a 'breach of the peace' and public nuisance. An Australian flag was reportedly set alight at the Shrine of Remembrance in Brisbane's Anzac Square on Friday afternoon. The man will face Brisbane Magistrates Court on Saturday morning  .
More than 1000 homes lost power between Houston and Dallas on Saturday. Hundreds evacuated from circus big top after weather system tore through sides. Cars left floating in Harris County in half a foot of rain water as state struggles to cope.
The young fox cub had been stuck for around 40 minutes and was in desperate need of being set free. The rescue mission was captured on camera and features Mr Cowell, who runs the Wildlife Aid Foundation in Leatherhead, Surrey, travelling to the cub's location in his car.
Nine-year-old Frankie Franz watched the Spanish right-back pull off the staggering trick shot in a video recorded at Barcelona’s Ciutat Esportiva training ground earlier in the month. The video has gone viral .
Shannon Hayes, 12, believes her pet hen has laid the smallest chicken egg in the world. The egg, which was laid in Capel Iwan, Carmarthenshire, is smaller than a five pence piece. It is 3mm smaller than current record holder.
Jeb Corliss jumped over the 562m high Ball's Pyramid near Lord Howe Island, in the Tasman Sea between Australia and New Zealand. The US-born thrill-seeker has been base-jumping since the age of 22 and has dedicated his life to human flight.
A staggering 312mm of rain fell in 24 hours in Dungog, in the Hunter region of New South Wales, where three elderly people were found dead. Four houses in the town were washed away in the raging murky storm waters while a horse was rescued from drowning by a woman in a tin boat. Some people ignored warnings from authorities to stay out of the water as wild storms lashed the eastern coast of Australia around Sydney, such as these two teenagers who took on the surf at swimming baths at Bronte Beach in Sydney .
Lewis Hamilton took to the water after winning the Bahrain Grand Prix on Sunday. Jenson Button is training for the London Marathon with his wife Jessica Michibata. Former team-mates Hamilton and Button have thee weeks off before Spanish GP.
Lewis Hamilton has won nine of the last 11 grands prix and is 27 points ahead of Nico Rosberg. The Briton won the Bahrain Grand Prix on Sunday. Hamilton admits he feels more powerful than at any stage in his career.
James Wilson says Wayne Rooney practices his free-kicks every day and often hits the target. The 19-year-old also praised Robin van Persie's movement and Radamel Falcao's instincts. Click here for all the latest Manchester United news.
Paul Downton has left his role as managing director of England and Wales Cricket Board. Nasser Hussain believes the sacking of Alastair Cook as one-day captain was a slow and protracted affair. The system is broken and it desperately needs fixing if England are ever going to compete in limited-overs cricket.
 talkSport pundit Stan Collymore was in full fan mode during Aston Villa's 3-3 draw with QPR. The former Villa striker called QPR's Joey Barton a 'f*****g rat' after he fell down to win a free-kick. Liverpool's American representative on daily business for the club's Fenway Sports Group faces scrutiny.
Luis Suarez was handed a four-month ban for biting Giorgio Chiellini during the World Cup. His wife Sofia says that he told her he didn't bite the Italian defender but then admitted the truth 10 days later  .
Adam Johnson has been charged with three counts of sexual activity with a 15-year-old girl. The England international has been bailed to appear before Peterlee magistrates on May 20. Sunderland are under pressure to suspend Johnson after he was arrested on March 2 and his bail extended.
Sunderland will not suspend Adam Johnson after he was charged with three counts of sexual activity with a 15-year-old girl. The club's hierarchy have decided he should be allowed to continue playing for the Black Cats. Johnson will appear at Peterlee Magistrates Court on May 20 - the same day Sunderland travel to Arsenal  .
Adam Johnson charged with three offences of sexual activity with a 15-year-old girl and one of grooming. Sunderland winger will appear at Peterlee Magistrates Court on May 20. CPS Chief Crown Prosecutor Gerry Wareham says there is realistic prospect of conviction.
Eden Hazard is favourite to win the PFA Player of the Year award this season. The Chelsea playmaker has scored 13 goals and made eight assists in 32 appearances. Paul Scholes believes Hazard needs to be more ruthless to be compared with Ronaldo.
Wladimir Klitschko takes on Bryant Jennings at Madison Square Garden on Saturday. The Ukrainian has dominated the heavyweight division for nearly a decade. The 39-year-old will match Joe Louis in boxing's record books with his 27th heavyweight title fight. Click here for more boxing news .
Wladimir Klitschko faces Bryant Jennings on April 25 at New York's Madison Square Garden. Victory for the Ukrainian will take him to within one win of Larry Holmes' 19 defences. Jennings defends his unbeaten record when he takes on Klitsch
Mr Mole is one of three 7-2 co-favourites in the Grade One Celebration Chase at Sandown. It will be AP McCoy’s last ride in a Grade One race as a professional jockey .
AP McCoy has won 20 consecutive champion jump jockey titles. He has won every major race to his name including 2 Cheltenham Gold Cups, three Champion Hurdles and the Grand National. McCoy has chipped 14 teeth and broken 13 bones in his quest to be the best in the sport.
Chris Gayle is currently in India ahead of this year's IPL tournament which starts on Wednesday. The West Indies batsman is hoping to help Royal Challengers Bangalore be crowned IPL champions for the first time in their history.
Wayne Rooney has been interviewed by Little Ant and Dec for ITV's Saturday Night Takeaway. England captain enjoyed a kick-around with Neil Overend and Hayden Reid. Rooney admits he gets annoyed when fans chant his name at him in the street .
Paris Saint-Germain star David Luiz and Ezequiel Lavezzi played a prank on birthday boy Zoumana Camara. The duo dunked the 36-year-old's face into his cake on his special day on Friday. PSG face Marseille in Ligue 1 on Sunday night .
Manny Pacquiao appeared on friend Mario Lopez’s Extra programme at Universal Studios Hollywood. The Filipino superstar took a break from preparations for his $300million superfight against Floyd Mayweather on May 2. The pair are friends from their time training at the same gym in the same Los Angeles gym .
Ronda Rousey appeared at the premiere of Fast & Furious 7 in Hollywood. The UFC bantamweight champion wore a sleek black dress by London designers House Of CB. The premiere follows Rousey’s acclaimed debut WWE appearance in WrestleMania 31 .
Diego Maradona has not worked since leaving United Arab Emirates club Al-Wasl in 2012. The 54-year-old is widely considered one of the greatest players to have played the game and guided Argentina to World Cup glory.
Bayern Munich have an interest in Chelsea defender Branislav Ivanovic. Serbia captain has yet to open talks over a new contract at Stamford Bridge. PSG are set to make a £7million bid for Ivanovic's team-mate Petr Cech.
Stevan Jovetic has started just 11 Premier League games for Manchester City this season. The 25-year-old striker has made just 39 appearances since his £22million move from Fiorentina in 2013. Inter Milan will propose loan deal with view to permanent deal.
Vict Wanyama claims he has never spoken to Arsene Wenger over a move to Arsenal. The Saints midfielder was linked with the Gunners before moving to Southampton in 2013. The 23-year-old has been linked with a reunion with former Saints boss Mauricio Pochettino at Tottenham. CLICK HERE for all the latest Southampton news .
Javier Hernandez scored the goal of his life against Atletico Madrid on Wednesday night. But Real Madrid are unlikely to take up their option to buy the Manchester United striker. The Mexican international broke down in tears after scoring in the Champions League quarter-final. Click here for more Real Madrid news.
Alan Pardew is not interested in raiding former club Newcastle for Tim Krul. Crystal Palace manager is happy with current No 1 goalkeeper Julian Speroni. Pardyew says he has had no contact with Newcastle or Krul over a transfer this summer.
Radamel Falcao has scored only four goals since arriving at Manchester United on loan from Monaco. Juventus have ruled out a move for the Colombia striker after claiming his wages are 'beyond their means' The Serie A champions have expressed an interest in Paulo Dybala.
Chelsea have been linked with a move for Palermo striker Paulo Dybala. The 21-year-old has scored 13 league goals this season for the Serie A side. Juventus have offered £23million for the striker, according to reports in Italy  .
Gareth Bale wants to stay at Real Madrid beyond the end of this season. Manchester United are keen to sign the Welshman despite strong interest from Real Madrid. Bale is out of Wednesday's Champions League quarter-final second leg against Atletico Madrid through injury. Carlo Ancelotti wants to sign David de Gea to be long-term successor to Iker Casillas .
Kevin de Bruyne has attracted interest from Manchester City, Bayern Munich and Paris Saint-Germain. De Bruyne's agent Patrick de Koster admits he could receive 20 phone calls a day about his client. The Wolfsburg midfielder has scored 10 league goals and provided 17 assists this season .
Yaya Toure has hinted that he is open to leaving Manchester City this summer. The Ivorian midfielder is wanted by Inter Milan boss Roberto Mancini. The 31-year-old has struggled to hit top form this season. CLICK HERE for all the latest Manchester City news .
Chelsea defender Kurt Zouma has revealed he hopes to win the Ballon d'Or. The 20-year-old has impressed at the heart of the Blues' defence this season. He is hoping to emulate compatriot and former club captain Marcel Desailly.
Manchester United have made an official approach for PSV Eindhoven's Memphis Depay. The Red Devils boss Louis van Gaal is keen to make the winger one of his first signings this summer. Depay worked under Van Gaal during Holland's successful 2014 World Cup campaign. The 21-year-old has scored 20 goals in 26 league games for the Eredivisie champions .
Petr Cech looks certain to leave Chelsea at the end of the season after losing No 1 spot to Thibaut Courtois. Arsene Wenger must make a swift decision on Petr Cech this summer or risk losing out on the goalkeeper. Liverpool, Paris Saint-Germain, Roma and Inter Milan are all showing an interest .
Manchester City are preparing bids for Raheem Sterling, Ross Barkley and Jay Rodriguez. City are aware of a lack of homegrown talent at senior level. Frank Lampard and James Milner will leave the club in the summer. Sterling has refused to sign a new £100,000-a-week contract at Anfield .
West Ham are showing interest in Crystal Palace midfielder James McArthur. The Hammers have been impressed by his workmanlike performances for the Eagles. McArthur has formed a solid partnership with Mile Jedinak in the Eagles' midfield  .
Manchester City are keeping tabs on Juventus striker Alvaro Morata. The Spain international was a target for Arsenal a year ago when he left Real Madrid. Real have a buy-back option set at around £15million but are unlikely to take that up .
Hearts captain Danny Wilson will leave the club at the end of the season. The defender activated a clause in his contract to leave Tynecastle this summer. Celtic manager Ronny Deila has been linked with a move for the former Rangers player .
Carlos Tevez has been linked with a return to Boca Juniors in the summer. The Juventus striker is yet to make a final decision on his future. The 31-year-old has said he wants to end his career at his boyhood club .
Carlos Tevez has shocked Juventus by suggesting he wants to leave the club this summer. The 31-year-old striker is close to completing a return to his first club Boca Juniors in Argentina. Tevez's contract expires at the end of 2016.
Edinson Cavani insists he will stay at Paris Saint-Germain until his contract expires. Manchester United have been considering a bid for the Uruguayan forward. PSG striker missed several chances during defeat to Barcelona on Wednesday. Club owner Nasser Al-Khelaifi ruled out sale.
Georginio Wijnaldum has been linked with a move to Manchester United, Arsenal and Newcastle. The PSV captain favourited Sky Sports' tweet promoting their interview with him. The 24-year-old has scored 16 goals in all competitions for the Dutch giants this season  .
Chelsea midfielder Oscar has been criticised by Jose Mourinho in recent weeks. The Brazil international has struggled to make an impact for the Blues this season. Juventus and Liverpool are interested in signing the 23-year-old this summer. Brazil coach Dunga says Oscar reminds him of Roberto Baggio .
Carlos Tevez has shocked Juventus by suggesting he wants to leave the club this summer. Tevez is under contract at Juventus until the end of next season. Striker wants to finish his career at Boca Juniors in Argentina .
Sheffield Wednesday are ready to offer new contracts to defender Tom Lees and goalkeeper Keiren Westwood. Wednesday equalled their club record of 17 clean sheets in a season with a 1-0 win over Brentford on Tuesday .
Chelsea have opened talks with Patrick Bamford over a new contract at Stamford Bridge. The 21-year-old is currently on loan at Middlesbrough on a season-long loan deal. Bamford currently earns £7,500 a week, but Chelsea are keen to improve on that .
Victor Moses has returned to Chelsea for treatment after injuring his hamstring against West Ham. The winger has been on loan at Stoke but is expected to be out for six weeks. Stoke are still interested in tying up a permanent deal for Moses .
Chelsea will announce the £4.5million signing of Brazilian wonderkid Nathan on Wednesday. The 19-year-old will join fellow Brazilians Willian, Ramires, Filipe Luis and Oscar at Stamford Bridge.
Swansea have made a contract offer to Marseille striker Andre Ayew. The 25-year-old Ghana international is out of contract in the summer and free to talk to foreign clubs. Swansea have also expressed an interest in Schalke full-back Christian Fuchs .
Arsenal may pull out of the running to sign Raheem Sterling following recent events . The 20-year-old is stalling on a new £100,000-per-week contract at Liverpool. Arsene Wenger has condemned Jack Wilshere and Wojciech Szczesny .
Gareth Bale has been linked with a move to Manchester United in recent weeks. Real Madrid legend Zinedine Zidane insists Bale will not be sold this summer. Bale joined Real Madrid for a world record £86million from Tottenham Hotspur in 2013 .
Manchester City have decided to listen to offers for Yaya Toure and Samir Nasri this summer. The Premier League champions are also open to allowing Nasri to leave the Etihad Stadium. CLICK HERE for all the latest Manchester City news .
Swansea City have expressed an interest in signing Schalke defender Christian Fuchs. The 29-year-old is out of contract in the summer and is keen on a move to the Premier League. West Bromwich Albion are also interested in signing him.
Tottenham will offer Nabil Bentaleb a new deal in order to ward off interest from other clubs. The Algerian midfielder's current deal expires in the summer of 2018. Clubs from across Europe are monitoring the situation and could move if the talks continue to drag on.
Helal Abbas, 55, lost his bid to become mayor of Tower Hamlets in East London days after the claim appeared in an ethnic freesheet. The race was won by Lutfur Rahman, 50, a controversial figure who has been accused of rigging his re-election.
A time lapse video shows the water creeping along the tracks at Bardwell Park in Sydney's south. The murky flood water eventually submerges the train line and begins moving like a river past the platform. The flooding forced the partial closure of the T2 Airport line in Sydney. Sydney's two-day total rainfall totalled about 225mm by 9am Wednesday - the most in 17 years.
Gracie Joy Roseman died after she managed to move over the edge of her adjustable cot. A 'safety ridge' cut off the oxygen supply to her brain, West Sussex Coroner's Court heard. Coroner Penelope Schofield called for urgent action to be taken to prevent future deaths. The cot has a moveable panel on one side which can be folded down, leaving a ridge just 7cm high .
The British star documented his journey to Sydney, via Doha and Melbourne, in a video posted online. Dapper Laughs sprang to fame on video network Vine where he joked about how women couldn’t resist him. He came under fire last year after telling a female audience member at one of his shows she was 'gagging for a rape' .
Footage of the brief contest was captured on a property near the Amber Mountain National Park on the northern edge of Madagascar. It shows the males sizing each other up before a violent battle.
Members of the New York Police Department claim the man, 30, opened fire in the Queens section of the city after they responded to a call from a bar that shots had been fired. When he turned around to do so again he was shot dead. No officers were hurt.
Rudy Gestede has scored 20 goals in the Championship for Blackburn this season. Swansea, Crystal Palace, Hull and West Brom have all shown an interest in the £7million-rated forward .
Celtic lost 3-2 to Inverness in the Scottish Cup semi-final after extra-time last weekend. Josh Meekings was not sent off and no penalty was given for handball. Celtic manager Ronny Deila has called for more transparency from Scottish referees. Click here for more Celtic news .
Mauricio Pochettino left Southampton in the summer to take up the reins at Tottenham. The Argentine will return to his former stomping ground at St Mary's on Saturday. CLICK HERE for more Tottenham news.
Alan Pardew will target a marquee signing to boost Crystal Palace's profile this summer. Eagles boss is prepared to let star winger Yannick Bolasie leave for between 40 and 60 million pounds. Palace host Hull City at Selhurst Park on Saturday .
Josh Meekings will be allowed to play in the Scottish Cup final against Falkirk. The Inverness defender was cleared of a charge of deliberate handball against Celtic. The SFA judicial panel decided it was not entitled to apply retrospective punishment .
Lorient beat Marseille 5-3 at the Stade Velodrome to climb out of the Ligue 1 relegation zone. It was Lorient's first win in five games after a poor run of five games. Jordan Ayew scored twice for the Breton side  .
Ronald Koeman has promised not to leave Southampton this summer for a bigger club. The Dutchman has been a revelation in his first season in English football. Southampton only need a point to break their record Premier League points tally set last season  .
Tottenham are considering sharing their new £400m stadium with an NFL franchise. The north London club's new 65,000 capacity stadium could be better suited to the NFL than Wembley. The NFL is said to be within five years of having a franchise.
Carl Jenkinson says Jack Grealish should follow his heart when choosing between Ireland or England. The West Ham defender made the same decision in 2012 when he chose England over Finland. The 23-year-old defender is on loan from Arsenal until end of season.
West Ham became the first Premier League club to reduce season ticket prices this week. The Hammers will move to the Olympic Stadium from Upton Park next year. Manager Sam Allardyce says filling the stadium is the most important thing.
Mauricio Pochettino spent 16 months as Southampton manager before leaving for Tottenham. The Argentine has brought through a number of young players at the south coast club. Harry Kane has been in sensational form under the former Saints boss this season. Tottenham host Southampton at St Mary's on Sunday night .
Greg Hardy has been suspended without pay for 10 games for conduct detrimental to the National Football League. The decision follows a two-month NFL investigation that started after the dismissal of his domestic violence case. Hardy may appeal the NFL's decision within three days .
New England Patriots will host the Pittsburgh Steelers in the opening game of the season on September 10. Week one also features a prime-time showdown between the New York Giants and Dallas Cowboys. Seattle Seahawks will play the Green Bay Packers in a rematch of last season.
Hernandez, 25, looked to his right and pursed his lips after the jury forewoman read the verdict. The first-degree murder conviction carries a mandatory sentence of life in prison without parole. The former football pro was also found guilty on firearm and ammunition charges. Lloyd was shot six times in the middle of the night on June 17, 2013, in a deserted industrial park near Hernandez’s home.
Michael Bennett labelled the tight end 'soft' and 'overrated' after Seattle's playoff win over the Saints two years ago. The defensive end added: 'Just because he's on my team I don't stop feeling that way'
Charles Tillman has ended his 12-year career with the Chicago Bears. The 34-year-old cornerback has agreed a deal with the Carolina Panthers. Tillman was a staple of Lovie Smith's stingy defense during his time in Chicago.
Pittsburgh Steelers running back Le'Veon Bell will miss the first three games of the season. Bell will also be fined a game cheque for abusing the league's substance abuse policy. Bell was also charged with a DUI .
The 26-year-old has signed a one-year deal after suffering a tear to his right ACL last season. He played just six games as the Patriots won their sixth straight AFC East title and went on to win Super Bowl.
Denver Broncos cornerback Aqib Talib and his brother Yaqub are being investigated for aggravated assault. Talib was wanted on charges of aggravated assault with a deadly weapon in 2011 in Garland, Texas. He and his mother were accused of shooting a gun at his sister's live-in boyfriend. The charges were dropped because prosecutors believed the man was not a credible witness.
Sarah Thomas is the NFL's first full-time female referee. The 41-year-old was in the league's officiating development program in 2013-14. Shannon Eastin worked regular-season NFL games in 2012 as replacement.
LeSean McCoy was shipped to the Bills in exchange for linebacker Kiko Alonso last month. McCoy says Kelly's team has a college feel and that he doesn't like star talent. McCoy ran for 1,000 yards in four of six seasons with the Eagles .
Adrian Peterson was due to be reinstated on April 15 but will meet with the NFL this week. The Minnesota Vikings running back played once last season before being placed on the Commissioner's Exempt list. The 30-year-old has been linked with the Dallas Cowboys and Cardinals.
Sarah Thomas is set to become the NFL's first full-time female official. The 42-year-old mother-of-three has officiated pre-season games as a line judge for the NFL.
Efe Obada played just five games for the London Warriors last season. The 22-year-old will fly out to Texas next month for rookie mini-camp. The 6ft 5in, 225-pound man mountain will play defensive end or tight end.
The Jacksonville Jaguars will bring the NFL Draft to London next month. A UK-based fan will announce their sixth and seventh round picks live on TV. It will be the first time the draft has taken place outside America.
Badou Jack outpointed Anthony Dirrell on Friday night at the UIC Pavilion to take the WBC super-middleweight title. Jack (19-1-1) received winning of 116-112 and 115-113, and the third had it even at 114-114. George Groves will fight Jack for the WBA world super- middleweight title as he is mandatory challenger.
Floyd Mayweather takes on Manny Pacquiao on May 2 at the MGM Grand Garden Arena in Las Vegas. Tickets will cost £6.60 and will go on sale through MGM Resorts call centre and box office on Friday at 8pm. All funds raised will go to charities chosen by the fighters.
Olympic gold medallist Nicola Adams pulls out of English National Championships after burglary at her home. Adams and other family members were at home at the time of the break-in. Two cars, training kit and valuable personal possessions were taken .
Floyd Mayweather faces Manny Pacquiao in 'The Fight of the Century' in Las Vegas on May 2. Joe Calzaghe believes Mayweather will overcome the challenge of his opponent. The former world super-middleweight and light-heavyweight boxing champion is undefeated  .
Luke Rockhold beat Lyoto Machida by second-round submission in New Jersey. Rockhold now wants a title shot and a shot at MMA history in New York. Jacare Souza beat Chris Camozzi in the co-main event of the UFC 187 event .
Lyoto Machida takes on Luke Rockhold in a welterweight fight in New Jersey on Saturday. UFC president Dana White posted a video showing the lengths fighters go to make weight. Machida was wrapped in an electric blanket with the dial turned up to 'max'
Luke Rockhold takes on Lyoto Machida in New Jersey on Saturday. The middleweights will meet in the co-mainweight title eliminator at UFC New Jersey. Rockhold is bidding for his fourth consecutive victory since losing to Vitor Belfort two years ago .
Conor McGregor says he would 'kill' Floyd Mayweather 'in less than 30 seconds' if he was ever pitted against the best boxer in the world. McGregor is preparing for his world title fight against UFC featherweight champion Jose Aldo in July at the MGM Grand .
Ronda Rousey wants to 'find a way' to return to the WWE after her debut appearance at Wrestlemania 31. The UFC champion made her WWE debut with Fast and Furious co-star The Rock on March 29. Rousey's focus is on her fight against Bethe Correia .
Conor McGregor is challenging Jose Aldo for his featherweight title in Las Vegas on July 11. The Irishman has already got a picture of a gorilla eating a heart inked on his chest. McGregor has now revealed a tiger's face on his stomach.
Londoner Jimi Manuwa takes on Jan Blachowicz in Stockholm tonight. The Londoner suffered his first career loss to Alexander Gustafsson last year. The 29-year-old doesn't expect to spend more than 10 minutes .
Mirko ‘Cro Crop’ Filipovic faces Gabriel Gonzaga in Poland on Saturday. Filipovic lost to the Brazilian in 2007 when a first-round head kick brought a swift end to the bout at UFC 70. Click here for more.
Conor McGregor takes on Jose Aldo in Las Vegas on July 11. The featherweight champion will make the eighth defence of his belt against the Irishman. McGregor insists Aldo doesn't want the title in his presence .
Jeff Novitzky has been appointed as the UFC's new Vice President of Athlete Health and Performance. The federal agent helped bring down Lance Armstrong. He was also involved in the investigations into Barry Bonds, Marion Jones and Justin Gatlin  .
Chad Mendes beat Ricardo Lamas in the first round to retain his No 1 featherweight ranking. Mendes came into the fight on the back of a decision loss to champion Jose Aldo in 2014. Al Iaquinta took a split decision win over Jorge Masvidal in the co-main even.
Chad Mendes and Ricardo Lamas meet in the main event of UFC Fight Night: Mendes vs. Lamas on Saturday night. The bout could determine the next challenger to the UFC featherweight title. Mendes' only two professional losses have come at the hands of the Brazilian king.
Paula Creamer has called for a Masters tournament for women to be held at Augusta National. Creamer won the 2010 women's US Open and is the current world No 27 in the world . The American suggested a women's event could be staged the week following the men's showpiece in April. Click here for more golf news .
Justin Rose returns to action at the Zurich Classic of New Orleans this week. The former US Open champion was joint second in the Masters at Augusta National earlier this month. Rose has not been outside the top 15 on his last three outings at TPC Louisiana. Click here for more golf news.
Lindsey Vonn spoke about her relationship with Tiger Woods on the Late Night With Seth Meyers. The 30-year-old has been dating the former No 1 golfer since 2013. Vonn has been pictured with Woods' children Sam, seven, and Charlie, six,  .
Bubba Watson shows off incredible baseball-style trick shot while practicing in China. The 36-year-old hit the ball as it was dropped from a tree and it flew straight down the middle .
Sir Nick Faldo and Tom Watson will compete at The Open for the last time at St Andrews in July. Faldo will cross the Swilcan Bridge for the final time on the 25th anniversary of his victory there. Watson will play his final Open at Carnoustie .
Jim Furyk defeated Kevin Kisner on the second play-off hole to win the RBC Heritage title. The former US Open champion hit a final round 63 to finish 18-under in regulation play. The 2010 winner claimed a second title at Harbour Town .
Kiradech Aphibarnrat won the inaugural Shenzhen International on Sunday. The 25-year-old beat Li Hao-tong on the 18th hole to claim his second European Tour title. It was the first time a Chinese has won a European Tour event on home soil.
Kiradech Aphibarnrat fired six birdies in the space of nine holes to take the lead at the Shenzhen International. The 25-year-old has one European Tour win to date when he won the Malaysian Open in 2013. Bubba Watson struggled to his second consecutive round of 74 to finish two over.
Troy Merritt fired a 10-under 61 to equal the course record at Harbour Town Golf Links. Jordan Spieth bounced back from his opening 74 with a nine-under-par round of 62 to sit six under. Matt Kuchar is tied for second place with John Merrick.
Scott golfer Carly Booth is currently in Mauritius for a photo shoot with Golf Punk magazine. The 22-year-old is the youngest-ever Scot to qualify for the Ladies European Tour at the age of 17 .
Jordan Spieth finished the first round of the RBC Heritage on three over par. The Masters champion finished well off the pace by carding a three-over-par 74. Matt Every and Graeme McDowell lead.
Rory McIlroy's foundation is hosting the Dubai Duty Free Irish Open from May 28-31. Martin Kaymer, Luke Donald and Patrick Reed have all confirmed their participation. The tournament will feature five players who have been world number one.
Deposed Masters champion Bubba Watson sits four shots off the pace at the Shenzhen International. The defending champion had to settle for an opening-day 70 to sit in joint 17th place. Huang Wen-yi leads the way at the tournament .
Jordan Spieth returns to golf just days after winning the Masters. The 21-year-old will play in the RBC Heritage Classic at Harbour Town Golf Links. Spieth has had two victories and two runner-up finishes in his past four events.
Rory McIlroy battled with Fifty Shades of Grey star Jamie Dornan to promote new football concept Circular Soccer. The World No 1 golfer defeated the film star 2-1 to take the crown, with the deciding goal coming from an impressive long-range.
Agnieszka Radwanska and Martina Navratilova announced in December that they would work together. The pair announced the parting on Friday to announce the end of their partnership. The Polish star was knocked out in the first round in Stuttgart this week.
Angelique Kerber of Germany beats Maria Sharapova 2-6, 7-5, 6-1 in second round of Porsche Grand Prix. Top-seeded Russian loses her world No 2 ranking to Simona Halep of Romania on Monday .
Rafael Nadal lost to Fabio Fognini 6-4, 7-6 (8-6) in the third round of the Barcelona Open. The world No 4 was looking for his ninth career title on the Catalan clay court .
Agnieszka Radwanska loses 7-6 (8/6) 6-4 to Sara Errani at Porsche Tennis Grand Prix in Stuttgart. World No 9 follows Ana Ivanovic out of tournament after losing to Caroline Garcia. Angelique Kerber beats Alexa Glatch to reach second round.
Rafael Nadal beat Nicolas Almagro 6-3 6-1 to reach the Barcelona Open third round. World No 4 is looking for his ninth title on the Catalan clay court. Nadal will play 13th seed Fabio Fognini or Russian qualifier Andrey Rublev on Thursday.
Marin Cilic lost to Victor Estrella of the Dominican Republic in the second round of the Barcelona Open. Cilic is the 2014 U.S. Open champion but is struggling for form after a shoulder injury. Santiago Giraldo and Pablo Andujar also progressed .
Ana Ivanovic was beaten 7-6 (8/6) 6-4 by Caroline Garcia in the first round of the Porsche Tennis Grand Prix in Stuttgart. Other seeds Ekaterina Makarova (six) and Carla Suarez Navarro (eight) also made it through their first round matches on Tuesday .
Ordinary British tennis fans face a Wimbledon-type scramble for Davis Cup quarter-final tickets. There will be a capacity of 7,000 for July's match against France at London's Queen's Club. Andy Murray will lead the GB team in the tie from July 17-19.
Top seed Kei Nishikori beat Teymuraz Gabashvili 6-3 6-4 in the second round of the Barcelona Open. Rafael Nadal will play Nicolas Almagro in the third round on Tuesday. Fernando Verdasco crashed out of the competition against Andrey Rublev.
Jose Mourinho was given a tour of Wimbledon by former British No 1 Tim Henman. The Chelsea manager described SW19 as 'more than a Grand Slam' due to its traditions and aura. Mourinho was part of launch for new deal with Jaguar .
Britain face France in the Davis Cup quarter-final at Queen's Club in July 17-19. The match will be the biggest home tie in three decades for the British team . Andy Murray has won the pre-Wimbledon title three times at the club, including in 2013 and 2013  .
Serena Williams beat Sara Errani 4-6 7-6(3) 6-3 in the Fed Cup play-off on Sunday. The US were beaten 3-2 as Williams and Alison Riske lost doubles .
Novak Djokovic beat Rafa Nadal in the Monte Carlo Masters semi-finals last week. The Serbian has won 17 matches on the bounce and is in superb form. Nadal is looking to win a sixth consecutive French Open at Roland Garros.
Novak Djokovic defeated Tomas Berdych 7-5 4-6 6-3 in the final of the Monte Carlo Open. The Serbian became the first player to win the opening three Masters 1000 events of the 2015 ATP World Tour season  .
Kimi Raikkonen finished second at the Bahrain Grand Prix behind Lewis Hamilton . The Finn finished on the podium for the first time in 26 grands prix this season . Ferrari team principal Maurizio Arrivabene has revealed to using a carrot-and-stick method with the Finn .
Lewis Hamilton secured his 36th win of his career in Bahrain and his 21st from pole position. Kimi Raikkonen secured a record seventh podium finish in Bahrain, although the Ferrari driver has never won in the Gulf Kingdom. Bernie Ecclestone denied trying to engineer a deal for Hamilton to join Ferrari  .
Azerbaijan will stage the European Grand Prix next season. The race will be held in the capital of Baku, despite the country's poor human rights record. F1 supremo Bernie Ecclestone has given Azerbaijan the all-clear ahead of its debut next season's race .
Jenson Button was set to start from the back of the grid after he broke down in qualifying. The British driver took to Twitter to update his fans following yet another car failure . McLaren chairman Ron Dennis said the engine was not broken  .
Jenson Button will start the Bahrain Grand Prix 20th and last after failing to complete qualifying session. Fernando Alonso managed to get a McLaren into Q2 for the first time this season and will start 14th on the grid.
Lewis Hamilton qualified on pole position for the Bahrain Grand Prix on Saturday. Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg was third six-tenths of a second behind Hamilton. Hamilton has dominated Roberg this season and has got pole in every race during the current campaign .
Lewis Hamilton takes pole position for the Bahrain Grand Prix on Saturday. Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg was third six-tenths of a second behind the Brit. Sebastian Vettel of Ferrari was second with Kimi Raikkonen of Ferrari third and Valtteri Bottas fourth .
Maurizio Arrivabene has urged Kimi Raikkonen to prove himself if he wants to stay at Ferrari. The Finn's contract finishes at the end of the current season but there is an option for 2016 providing both parties are in agreement .
Nico Rosberg leads Lewis Hamilton by 17 points in the drivers' standings ahead of Sunday's Bahrain Grand Prix. Mercedes driver described Ferrari's pace as 'dangerous' and 'worrying' Rosberg finished 0.115secs quicker than Hamilton in Friday practice.
Jenson Button's McLaren suffered an electrical fault just three minutes into the first practice session. The Briton finished 19th, almost 4.5 seconds off the pace of Nico Rosberg. Click here for more Formula One news .
Formula One supremo Bernie Ecclestone has urged Lewis Hamilton to consider a move to Ferrari. Hamilton has yet to put pen to paper on a new contract with Mercedes. The 30-year-old is currently 13 points ahead of Sebastian Vettel in the drivers' championship.
Davy Condon was riding Portrait King in the Grand National at Aintree when he fell at the third-last. It was the second time within a year that the rider had suffered a similar injury .
Robbie McNamara broke eight ribs, cracked six vertebrae and has no feeling in his legs. The jockey was due to partner last year's Cheltenham Gold Cup winner Lord Windermere in the Crabbie's Grand National .
Ride Like The Wind is one of 34 colts which remain in the first Classic of the season run on Saturday, May 2. Trainer Freddy Head likens his 2,000 Guineas hope to last year's fifth-placed runner-up Charm Spirit at this time last year .
Ian Wright will present AP McCoy with his 20th champion jockeys trophy at Sandown on Saturday. Thierry Henry was asked to present the award but Sky did not allow it. McCoy is a huge Arsenal fan and has been invited to attend.
McCoy confirmed he will ride to the final race at Sandown on Saturday if he can secure mounts. The soon-to-be-crowned 20-time champion jockey will ride in the AP McCoy Celebration Chase or the feature Bet365 Gold Cup on Saturday.
Northampton host Saracens at St Mary's on Saturday afternoon . The Saints have been knocked out of the Champions Cup quarter-finals by Clermont and Exeter . Tom Wood's side have lost their last two games and are struggling to find their form . Click here for more .
Jack Cosgrove has agreed to join Edinburgh on a two-year deal. The 20-year-old Worcester Warriors prop has been capped nine times for the Dark Blues Under 20s side. Click here for more Edinburgh news.
Gloucester lost 23-6 to Sale Sharks at the A J Bell Stadium last month. Mariano Galarza played for Gloucester despite being ineligible. The Aviva Premiership side now face a Rugby Football Union hearing .
Manu Tuilagi has not played for England since the three-Test summer tour of New Zealand in 2014. The Leicester Tigers centre has been out of action since October with a groin injury. The 23-year-old is targeting a return to action in the summer  .
Matt Giteau has not played for Australia since the 2011 World Cup in New Zealand. The Toulon fly half missed out on selection for the last World Cup due to injury . The 32-year-old has been in outstanding form for the French club this season . Gitesau is eligible to play for Australia again if he has 60 caps and seven years of professional service at home. The ARU will pick 'elite' players based abroad if they have 60 caps .
Saracens No 8 Billy Vunipola, Toulon flanker Steffon Armitage and Clermont full back Nick Abendanon have all been shortlisted for the European Player of the Year award. The English trio are joined on the shortlist by Leinster captain Jamie Heaslip and Cleront No 8 Fritz Lee.
Michael Allen will join Edinburgh at the end of the season on a two-year deal. The 24-year-old can play either at wing or centre for Alan Solomons' side this summer .
England begin their World Cup campaign against Fiji at Twickenham on September 18. Andy Farrell says rugby union is going to be the sport of the year with the World Cup coming up in England .
Davy McGregor was hurt while playing for Heriot's Racing Club against the Barbarians. The hooker's ear was left hanging off after being caught by an opponent's hip or shorts  .
Players with 60 caps who have held professional contract with Australian Rugby for at least seven years will be eligible to continue their international careers. Other players based abroad will immediately become eligible if they commit to playing Super Rugby in Australia for the following two seasons  .
Mike Brown could miss the rest of the season after failing to recover from concussion. Brown was knocked out in the 13th minute of England's RBS 6 Nations match against Italy in February. The 29-year-old is still suffering from headaches and has taken no part in team meetings .
Leicester Tigers have announced a move for Super Rugby lock Mike Fitzgerald. The 28-year-old New Zealander has helped the Chiefs win two Super Rugby titles. Fitzgerald will follow Peter Betham to Welford Road.
Alastair Cook and Jonathan Trott are the sixth English pair to score more than 100 runs together on 10 occasions. West Indies bowler Shannon Gabriel picked up where he left off after reaching 93mph on Wednesday. New Zealand all-rounder Corey Anderson could miss the Test series in England with a broken finger .
England posted 373 for six at stumps on day three of the second Test in Grenada . Joe Root's unbeaten 118 came with England posting a 74-run lead at the end of day three . Captain Alastair Cook got 76 in a century stand with Jonathan Trott (59) at the top . Gary Ballance's 77 boosted his 165-run partnership with Root, making it a very happy St George's Day . The end of the day was slightly marred by the loss of three quick wickets in the final session .
Marlon Samuels sent Ben Stokes on his way with a military-style salute on Thursday night. Stokes had given his wicket away just before the close of the third day. England closed on 373 for six, a lead of 74, thanks to an outstanding 118 from the prolific Joe Root .
England captain Alastair Cook has gone 34 innings and 697 days without a Test ton . Joe Root scored his sixth Test century and his first overseas on day three of the second Test against the West Indies . England ended on 373 for six, a lead of 74, and Root and Jos Buttler will have to stick around for as long as possible on Friday if England are going to dictate terms on the final day . The Yorkshireman is the fifth England batsman to score six consecutive 50s in Test innings . Root has featured in five of England’s past six Test partnerships of 150-plus runs . He has scored 1,037 runs since June 2014, averaging 103.7.
Stuart Broad took three wickets for 19 as England bowled West Indies out for 299. Alastair Cook and Jonathan Trott reached 74 without loss at stumps on day two. Broad produced his best bowling since knee surgery last year in Grenada  .
Alastair Cook passed Alec Stewart's 8,463 runs to become England's second highest Test run-scorer. Cook and Jonathan Trott shared a first half-century stand after safely negotiating the final session on day two. Click here for more .
Australian batsman Aaron Finch has had surgery on his left hamstring. Finch sustained the injury playing for the Mumbai Indians in the Indian Premier League. The 28-year-old has never played Test cricket .
Ben Stokes was involved in a war of words with West Indies batsman Marlon Samuels. The two clashed repeatedly on the pitch on the opening day of the second Test in Grenada. Samuel taunted the Durham all-rounder, saying: 'The English boys don't learn' England toiled to 188 for five at stumps' end .
Alastair Cook's form with the bat took a turn for the worse against West Indies. Graeme Swann points out the moment when Cook was compared to Don Bradman. Adil Rashid was made to wait for his Test debut after being left out on day one. Devon Smith became the first Grenadan to score a Test run in Grenada after being dismissed without hitting the ball .
San Antonio Spurs beat Los Angeles Clippers 100-73 in Game 3 on Friday. Kawhi Leonard scored a play-off career high 32 points as Spurs take 2-1 lead in series. Houston Rockets beat Dallas 130-128.
Zara Phillips pulls out of Rolex Kentucky three-day event after High Kingdom suffers injury. Phillips was due to make her debut in the Kentucky competition. High Kingdom is still entered in the Mitsubishi Motors Badminton.
Golden State Warriors beat New Orleans Pelicans 123-119 in overtime to lead play-off series 3-0. Stephen Curry scored 40 points, including a 3-pointer in the final seconds of regulation. Chicago Bulls beat Milwaukee Bucks 113-106 in double overtime.
Michael van Gerwen beat James Wade 7-0 to book place in May's play-offs. Gary Anderson lost 7-1 to Stephen Bunting in the opening match of the Betway Premier League. Raymond van Barneveld beat Dave Chisnall and Phil Taylor drew 6-6 with Adrian Lewis.
Judd Trump beat Stuart Carrington 10-6 in the first round of the World Championship. The 25-year-old will now face Marco Fu in the next round. Mark Selby beat Anthony McGill 10-9 in Sheffield .
Hans-Wilhelm Muller-Wohlfahrt has worked with Ronaldo, Michael Owen and Usain Bolt. Radcliffe said she 'was close to pulling out' of the London Marathon on Sunday. The 41-year-old's world record time of 2:15:25 still stands 12 years later .
Alejandro Valverde successfully defended his Fleche Wallonne title on Wednesday. The Movistar rider finished ahead of Julian Alaphilippe and Michael Albasini. Team Sky's Chris Froome fell in the final 12km but fought on to finish the race despite being 'banged up'
Ronnie O'Sullivan beat Craig Steadman 10-3 in the first round of the World Snooker Championship. The 39-year-old had trouble with his shoes during the session at The Crucible. He could face a small fine for breach of dress.
The August 1 encounter will feature a Team Africa vs Team World format at Ellis Park Stadium in Johannesburg. Eight-time NBA All-Star Chris Paul will captain Team World, while Luol Deng will lead out Team Africa.
All five of the series that have played two games now stand at 2-0, with the Wizards, Cavaliers and Rockets leading. Washington Wizards beat Toronto Raptors 117-106 on Tuesday. LeBron James scored 30 points as Cleveland Cavaliers beat Boston Celtics 99-91 .
Reanne Evans saw her 10-year reign as women's world snooker champion come to a shock end. The 29-year-old lost 4-2 to Hong Kong's Ng On Yee in the semi-finals at the Northern Snooker Centre in Leeds .
Ding Jinhui was on for a maxumumum break of 147 before screwing back for the blue instead of the black. The Chinese world No 3 realised what he had done and started to giggle .
Chicago Bulls beat Milwaukee Bucks 91-82 to take a 2-0 lead in their first-round NBA play-offs series. Jimmy Butler scored a play-off career-high for the second straight game with 31 points against the Bucks .
The 2010 champion rattled in an opening break of 133 as he reeled off the three frames required to turn a 7-2 lead into a 10-2 victory. Robertson has committed more hours to the game than ever before.
Arsene Wenger wants Cesc Fabregas to be shown the 'respect he deserves' when he returns to Arsenal on Sunday. Wenger wants 'respect' for the club's former players and counts the Spaniard as a man who deserves that. Arsenal face Chelsea at the Emirates Stadium in the Premier League .
Gabriel Agbonlahor posted a video of himself performing a boxing workout with a trainer. The Aston Villa striker missed the FA Cup semi-final win against Liverpool because of a hamstring injury. Villa face Manchester City at the Etihad on Saturday in the Premier League.
Just nine points separates the bottom seven teams in the Premier League. Chris Ramsey believes QPR will avoid relegation if they win three more league games. Tim Sherwood believes his appointment at Aston Villa has given them more belief and confidence .
Danny Ings hasn't scored for Burnley since February 11 and is being linked with a move to Liverpool or Manchester United. Burnley manager Sean Dyche has called on the rest of his team-mates to share the goalscoring burden. The Clarets have scored just one goal in their last seven matches  .
Crystal Palace manager Alan Pardew says he would sell Yannick Bolasie for £40-60million. The winger has been in fine form for the Eagles in recent weeks . The 25-year-old joined Palace for £400,000 from Bristol City in 2012. Click here for more Crystal Palace news.
Everton host Manchester United at Goodison Park on Sunday at 1.30pm. Roberto Martinez admits to not knowing what the future holds for Kevin Mirallas. Belgian forward has been linked with a move away from the Toffees this summer .
Former Everton chairman Sir Philip Carter has died aged 87. Carter also served as president of the Football League and vice-president of the FA. Current Toffees Chairman Bill Kenwright also paid tribute to Sir Philip at Goodison Park.
Romelu Lukaku is Everton's top scorer in the Premier League this season with 18 goals. The 21-year-old says he dealt with racism as a youngster by using it as motivation. Lukaku hails work rate of strike partner Arouna.
Roberto Martinez wants to get the most out of Aaron Lennon's loan spell at Everton. The Tottenham winger has just four games remaining on loan at Goodison Park. Martinez said discussions about Lennon's future will come at end of season.
There are just four points separating the bottom five sides in the Premier League. Leicester, Burnley and QPR are all in the relegation zone, but Hull and Sunderland are teetering on the brink. Sportsmail's reporters give their verdicts on the closest relegation run-in for years. Can any of the bottom three climb to safety? Or will the clubs above them succumb to fiendishly difficult fixture lists?  .
Hull City were beaten 2-0 by Southampton at the St Mary's Stadium on Saturday. Steve Bruce's side are just two points clear of the Premier League relegation zone. Hull have six games to save their season and avoid relegation .
Esteban Cambiasso is wanted by Delhi Dynamos for India's I-League. The former Real Madrid and Inter Milan midfielder signed a one-year deal with Leicester last summer. Nigel Pearson is keen for the 34-year-old to stay .
Brendan Rodgers insists he is the man to guide Liverpool to success this season. The Liverpool manager is under pressure following the FA Cup semi-final defeat by Aston Villa. Rodgers has been boosted by the news that Jordan Henderson has committed his future to the club. Jordan Henderson signed a new five-year contract worth £100,000.
Steve McClaren is understood to be one of two people on Newcastle's short list for the head coach role. John Carver is the current incumbent at St James' Park. McClaren insists his sole focus is steering Derby to promotion .
John Carver says Newcastle's hierarchy must try to bring an end to protests against the club. The Magpies slumped to a sixth straight defeat at home to Spurs last weekend amid an atmosphere of unrest. Thousands of supporters boycotted the match at St James' Park in protest at a lack of ambition and investment from owner Mike Ashley .
Leroy Fer has not played since injuring his knee against Sunderland back in February. QPR manager Chris Ramsey admits the club are taking a chance on the Dutch midfielder. The club face West Ham in the London derby on Saturday night .
Queens Park Rangers are in the Premier League relegation zone with 28 points. Chris Ramsey's side face West Ham, Liverpool, Manchester City, Newcastle and Leicester. QPR lost 1-0 to Chelsea in their last game at Loftus Road.
Southampton fans plan to turn St Mary's orange to show support for Ronald Koeman. Mauricio Pochettino is returning to St Mary’s for the first time since leaving for Tottenham last year. The Saints face Spurs at White Hart Lane on Saturday .
England Under 21 captain Jack Butland has revealed he voted for Harry Kane to win PFA Young Player of the Year. Butland hopes Kane can fire the young Lions to European Championship glory this summer. Tottenham striker has declared he wants to play .
Thibaut Verlinden is a highly regarded member of Belgium's U16 squad. The 15-year-old midfielder has had trials with Liverpool and Everton this summer. Club Brugge and Anderlecht have also expressed an interest in the Standard Liege starlet  .
Stoke City have opened talks over a contract extension for Asmir Begovic. The Bosnian goalkeeper has attracted interest from Real Madrid and Manchester United. Mark Hughes is keen to keep the 27-year-old at the Britannia Stadium after Saturday's win over Southampton.
Eden Hazard powered Chelsea to a vital, narrow win against Manchester United. Everton claimed a win over struggling Burnley, Stoke City saw off Southampton and Leonardo Ulloa scored for Leicester City. Seamus Coleman was key to Everton's win over Burnley and Aaron Lennon won a penalty for Everton against Burnley .
Swansea City have revived their interest in Blackburn Rovers striker Rudy Gestede. The Swans are also interested in Anderlecht hitman Aleksandar Mitrovic and Club Brugge striker Obbi Oulare. Click here for more transfer news .
Leonoardo Ulloa opened the scoring for Leicester in the 15th minute against Swansea City at the King Power Stadium. It was his first Premier League goal in four months for the Foxes. Leicester moved off the bottom of the Premier League for the first time since November. Nigel Pearson's side have now won three in a row.
Harry Kane is nominated for both the PFA Player and Young Player of the Year awards. The Tottenham striker is up against Eden Hazard and Alexis Sanchez for the top prize. Kane has scored 20 Premier League goals this season .
West Brom host Liverpool on Saturday eight points above the Premier League relegation zone. The Baggies also face Manchester United, Chelsea and Arsenal in their final five games. But Tony Pulis insists his side will relish their underdog tag as they start their nightmare run-in .
Sebastien Pocognoli says he's baffled by Tony Pulis' decision to drop him from the starting 11. The Belgian defender was an important player for West Brom under Alan Irvine. But since Irvine left the club, he has found his game time limited.
Harry Kane tops this week's EA Sports' Performance Index for the Premier League. Kane scored his 30th goal of the season in Tottenham's 3-1 win at Newcastle on Sunday. The 21-year-old is also nominated for the PFA Young Player of the Year award this season .
West Ham's season tickets will cost as little as £289 when the club move to the Olympic Stadium. The cheapest season ticket at Upton Park is £620 but there will be £289 seats on offer from 2016-17. Click here for more West Ham news.
Andre Blackman, 24, stole a jacket worth more than £1,000 from Harrods in Knightsbridge, London. Blackman was ordered to carry out 40 hours of unpaid work as part of a 12-month community order and to pay £85 in costs  .
Celtic are eight points clear at the top of the Scottish Premiership. They face Aberdeen on May 10 and could win the title on their patch. Aberdeen striker Adam Rooney does not want to see Celtic celebrating at home.
Celtic lost 1-0 to Inverness Caley Thistle in the Scottish Cup semi-final on Sunday. Josh Meekings was sent off for a handball on Leigh Griffiths. Former Celtic striker Chris Sutton has called for more accountability for officials.
Inverness defender Josh Meekings handled a goal-bound header from Celtic's Leigh Griffiths with his hand. Celtic wrote to the SFA to seek 'clarification' on the reasons for referee Steven McLean and his four assistants missing the first-half incident, when they were leading 1-0.
Virgil van Dijk had given Celtic the lead before Josh Meekings was sent off. Craig Gordon was then sent off for fouling Marley Watkins in 53 minutes. Greg Tansey equalised from the spot in extra time.
Celtic lost 3-2 to Inverness in Scottish Cup final at Hampden Park. Josh Meekings blocked Leigh Griffiths' shot with his hand. John Hartson urges his former club to move on from the controversy .
Stuart McCall says he is compiling a dossier of transfer targets for next season. Rangers are currently second in the Scottish Championship table and in play-off position. McCall still does not know if he will be in charge beyond season.
Rangers legend John Brown says Celtic have a case of 'sour grapes' about their recent Scottish Cup exit. Celtic lost 1-0 to Inverness in the Scottish Cup semi-final after Josh Meekings handball.
The Rangers board have held their first meeting with Mike Ashley since assuming control at Ibrox. Paul Murray and director John Gilligan held talks with Sports Direct on Wednesday. Ashley owns an 8.92 per cent stake in Rangers.
Ally McCoist deserves a chance to prove himself a successful manager at a stable club, says Walter Smith. The Ibrox legend worked closely with McCoists and coach Kenny McDowall before they took over .
Ally McCoist will be welcomed back to Rangers 'with open arms' according to John Brown. The club's record scorer has not been spotted at his old stomping ground since his surprise appearance at last month's general meeting.
Walter Smith hopes that the club can move on from its off-field dramas. Dave King has still to obtain SFA clearance for a seat in the boardroom. Championship promotion play-offs threaten more landmines than the Somme.
Isco has been one of Real Madrid's best players this season, but has seen his place come under threat recently. The Spaniard was dropped to the bench for the Champions League semi-final after James Rodriguez's return. Click here for more Real Madrid news .
Aston Villa are four points above the bottom three with five games remaining in the Premier League . Manager Tim Sherwood believes his side have enough to stay up. Villa travel to Manchester City on Saturday looking good ahead of the FA Cup final. Sherwood could have Gabriel Agbonlahor back from a hamstring injury.
Bacary Sagna signed for Manchester City last summer after leaving Arsenal. The France international has played only 16 times for City this season. City are fourth in the Premier League, while Arsenal are second. Click here for more Manchester City news .
Arsene Wenger has failed to win in 12 games against Jose Mourinho at Stamford Bridge. The Arsenal manager has drawn five and lost seven of his 12 clashes with the Chelsea boss. Sunday's game marks the return of former Arsenal midfielder Cesc Fabregas. CLICK HERE for all the latest Arsenal news .
Mauricio Pochettino has blamed Tottenham's lunchtime lethargy this season on Europa League. Spurs have won two of 10 Premier League games kicking off at 12.00, 12.45 or 1.30. Spurs face Southampton at St Mary's.
Borussia Monchengladbach boss Lucien Favre is a candidate to replace Pep Guardiola, says Ottmar Hitzfeld. Bayern Munich boss Pep Guardiola has yet to commit his future to the Bundesliga giants. Manchester City have been linked with the Spaniard.
Real Madrid face Barcelona in the Champions League semi-final in Berlin on June 6. Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi go head-to-head for the biggest club prize of all. Pep Guardiola could face his former side Barcelona after guiding Bayern Munich to the last four. Carlo Ancelotti and Luis Enrique could meet for the fourth time as Real Madrid boss in the competition .
Bayern Munich boss Pep Guardiola will see out his three-year contract, claims Karl-Heinz Rummenigge. Guardiola has been linked with a move to Premier League champions Manchester City. The Spaniard won the domestic double last season.
Floyd Mayweather is using a cryotherapy bath to aid his recovery after training. The bath is cooled to as low as -175F (-115C) using liquid nitrogen. Mayweather faces Manny Pacquiao in Las Vegas less than two weeks away.
Manny Pacquiao held an open workout at the Wild Card gym in Los Angeles on Wednesday. The Filipino star will fight Floyd Mayweather on May 2 in the biggest fight of his life. Pacqu Xiao says he wants to talk to Mayweather about the Gospel of the Lord.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will fight on May 2 in the richest-ever boxing fight. Mayweather will earn more than $100million in Las Vegas. The pair will also split $120m between them if they win the fight . Mayweather says the fight won't define his legacy, but it wraps together his career .
Floyd Mayweather is within three-and-a-half pounds of the welterweight limit ahead of mega-fight with Manny Pacquiao. The pair will go head-to-head in a $300million mega- Fight of the Century on May 2.
Manny Pacquiao faces Floyd Mayweather in Las Vegas on May 2 in 'The Biggest Fight in History' The Filipino has been given a personalised speed ball with Mayweather's face painted on it by celebrity lawyer Robert Shapiro. Shapiro was an integral member of OJ Simpson's defense team when he fought charges that he murdered his ex-wife Nicole Brown and Ronald Goldman in 1994.
Floyd Mayweather Jnr and Manny Pacquiao will meet in Las Vegas on May 2. The mega-fight is expected to break the pay-per-view record for the richest fight in boxing history . Click here for all the latest boxing news  .
Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao will take place in Las Vegas on May 2. Mayweather's daughter Iyanna Mayweather has been spending time in her father's training camp. The Money Man's daughter says she is amazed by her dad's work ethic . Mayweather vsPacquiao is expected to generate millions .
Floyd Mayweather takes on Manny Pacquiao in a £160million mega-fight in Las Vegas on May 2. Mayweather released two pictures from his training camp appearing to hold a weight from his head. Pacqu Xiao had a famous visitor visit from actor Mark Wahlberg.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will fight on May 2 in Las Vegas. The WBA and WBC welterweight world champion posted a picture of his private jet on Wednesday. Muhammad Ali's daughter says he 'really likes' Pacqu Xiao.
Floyd Mayweather's fight against Manny Pacquiao in Las Vegas on May 2 will cost US viewers up to $100 (£67.48) HBO and Showtime confirmed the recommended prices for the May 2 fight. The fight itself will set viewers back $89.95 (£60.70) in the US .
Arsenal host Liverpool at the Emirates Stadium on Saturday (12.45pm kick-off) Danny Welbeck faces fitness test on knee injury picked up on international duty with England. Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain remains a doubt with hamstring injury. Daniel Sturridge expected to be fit to face Gunners .
Burnley host Tottenham Hotspur at Turf Moor (Sunday, 1.30pm) Spurs goalkeeper Hugo Lloris will miss the game with a knee injury. Burnley defender Stephen Ward should be back in contention after overcoming an ankle injury. Matt Taylor is also nearing a return .
The draw for the Europa League semi-finals was made on Friday morning at UEFA's headquarters in Nyon. Holders Sevilla will take on Fiorentina for a place in the final, which takes place on May 27. Napoli take on Dnipro of Ukraine in the other semi-final. The final will take place in Warsaw, Poland, on that day .
Manchester City have already met Jurgen Klopp to assess him for the manager's job. But it was back in 2013 when they were seeking a replacement for Roberto Mancini . Txiki Begiristain concluded that Klopp was not the right fit for City. Manuel Pellegrini was appointed instead .
Rafael Benitez could return to English football after leaving Napoli. West Ham need a coach of high ambition to underline the size of the venture. Sam Allardyce is not the man to lead West Ham into their new exciting adventure at the Olympic Stadium .
Jurgen Klopp will leave Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season. Arsene Wenger should be given two more years at Arsenal, according to Nigel Winterburn. Wenger has two years left on his contract at the Emirates. The Frenchman has been linked with a number of top clubs in the past .
Thomas Tuchel will replace Jurgen Klopp as Borussia Dortmund manager in July. Klopp announced on Wednesday he was leaving the club at the end of the season. The 41-year-old will take over on a three-year deal at Dortmund .
Kenya's athletics federation has suspended the agents of Dennis Kimetto, Wilson Kipsang and Rita Jeptoo. Kenyan authorities have blamed the rise in doping on the influence of foreign agents in the country.
18 of the 20 Premier League clubs in England's top four divisions are in Labour control. Only Chelsea, who voted Tory, and Burnley, where Lib Dems hold sway, are any different. Only one club falls into independent hands: Bradford West, which voted Respect leader George Galloway .
Usain Bolt wants to beat his own 200-metre world record by running the distance in under 19 seconds. The Jamaican sprinter ran the 200 metres in 19.19 sec at the 2009 World Championships in Berlin. Bolt is currently in Rio de Janeiro.
Usain Bolt visited a small gym in Rio de Janeiro's Mangueira favela on Thursday. The Jamaican sprinter took three shots on the basketball court - at least one from 3-point range .
Rotherham will find out whether they will be deducted points for fielding an ineligible player. The Millers played Derby defender Farrend Rawson in their 1-0 win over Brighton on Easter Monday. The Football League sanctioned the Millers last week.
Matt Derbyshire opened the scoring for Rotherham after four minutes at Craven Cottage. Ross McCormack equalised for Steve Evans' side in the 67th minute. Fulham boss Kit Symons admits his side were out-played for large parts.
Swansea host Newcastle United at St James' Park on Saturday afternoon. Magpies have lost their last six Premier League games under caretaker manager John Carver. Supporters' group have asked fans to stand in the 34th minute of the match. Garry Monk insists Newcastle's players will not be affected by the protests .
Tiger Woods suffered a bizarre injury on the ninth hole at the Masters on Sunday. The four-time Masters champion drilled his club into a tree root on his follow through. The 39-year-old managed to shake off the injury to finish the competition at 5-under-par.
Real Madrid beat city rivals Atletico Madrid 1-0 on aggregate in Champions League quarter-final. Fans mobbed the team coach and banged on the windows to welcome Real to the Santiago Bernabeu. Click here for more .
Rafa Benitez has won 12 trophies since 2002 with Valencia, Liverpool, Inter Milan, Chelsea and Napoli. The 55-year-old is out of contract this summer and is a man in demand. Manchester City, Paris St Germain and Real Madrid.
Yaya Toure has hinted that he is open to leaving Manchester City this summer. The midfielder's agent Dimitri Seluk says he wants to talk to City about his future. Inter Milan boss Roberto Mancini wants to be reunited with Toure after managing him at the Etihad Stadium last season .
Paris Saint-Germain were thrashed 5-1 on aggregate by Barcelona in the Champions League. Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Marco Verratti failed to shine for the Ligue One side. Laurent Blanc says PSG need more time to reach top.
Joe Launchbury has been sidelined since October due to a nerve problem caused by a bulging disc in his neck. The 24-year-old's potential return vs Leicester would be his debut at the club's new home at the Ricoh Arena .
Swansea striker Bafetimbi Gomis will miss three to four weeks with a hamstring injury. The Frenchman came off in the early stages of last weekend's 1-1 draw with Everton. GomIs had scored four goals in his last seven matches .
Jack Wilshere was on the bench for Arsenal's FA Cup final win over Reading on Saturday. Ray Parlour has backed the 23-year-old to be the future of the Gunners' midfield. But the former Arsenal legend fears his injury record could turn him into another Abou Diaby, fears club legend  .
Arsenal came out on top globally with 5.68million followers ahead of Chelsea (5.49m) and Manchester United (4.87m) Guangzhou Evergrande Taobao are third on the list of clubs in the world with most Weibo followers. Tottenham are the only other Premier League club in China.
Jordan Spieth broke several scoring records on the way to his four-stroke victory. He equalled the 18-under total set by Tiger Woods in 1997. Spieth became the championship's second-youngest winner of all time after Bubba Watson .
Alexis Sanchez has scored 22 goals in all competitions for Arsenal this season. Chilean forward has been nominated for PFA Player of the Year award. Sanchez has singled out team-mate Santi Cazorla as a 'spectacular' player for particular praise  .
The Champions League semi-final line-up for this season's competition has been confirmed. Barcelona, Bayern Munich, Juventus and Real Madrid are all in the last four. Real Madrid and Juventus won their quarter-final matches on Wednesday to join Barcelona and Bayern Munich. We asked our team of reporters who they think will win the Champions League this season  .
Juventus beat Monaco 0-0 at the Stade Louis II on Wednesday night to reach the Champions League semi-finals. Patrice Evra believes Juventus played the 'Italian way' to secure their place in the last four. The French defender believes French clubs should learn from Italian style of play.
England coach John Peacock has named his squad for next month's UEFA European Under-17 Championship. Young Lions are the defending champions, having beaten Holland on penalties in the final last year. They will open their campaign against Italy in Burgas on May 7.
Photographs show men and women rushing towards those crushed in 1989 tragedy released today. They form part of an ongoing Home Office inquiry into the disaster which killed 96 Liverpool fans . Police say the 'unusual' appeal is necessary as those pictured may be able to answer questions of victims' families . Appeal issued on behalf of the Coroner Sir John Goldring  .
Jordan Henderson has signed a new long-term contract with Liverpool until 2020. The 24-year-old midfielder put pen to paper on a deal worth more than £100,000 per week on Thursday. Henderson's current terms had 12 months to run but leaving Merseyside was never an option. Click here for more Liverpool news .
Gareth Bale has not started eight of Real Madrid's 50 matches this season through injury and omission. The Welshman has received criticism from sections of the Bernabeu support. Real have won all of their eight games without him, scoring 25 goals and conceding just one. CLICK HERE for all the latest Real Madrid news .
Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho watched Marcus Bettinelli play in Fulham's 1-1 draw against Rotherham United. The 22-year-old could potentially provide back-up for Thibaut Courtois. Petr Cech is expected to leave Stamford Bridge in the summer.
Bayern Munich lost 3-1 away at Porto in the first leg of their Champions League quarter-final last week. Pep Guardiola's side have a 12-point lead in the Bundesliga and are in the German Cup semi-final. Click here for all the latest Bayern news.
David Moyes believed Thiago Alcantara was not the right fit for Manchester United. Pep Guardiola had made it clear he needed the midfielder at Bayern Munich. United's need for passing quality from deep midfield was apparent during Moyes' time at the club. Thiago delivered the kind of passing display in Bayern's 6-1 win over Porto on Wednesday .
Bayern Munich thrashed Porto 6-1 to reach the Champions League semi-finals. Pep Guardiola's side have scored 115 goals in all competitions so far this season . Bayern still have five Bundesliga matches to play as they march towards a third consecutive title .
David de Gea has been heavily linked with a move to Real Madrid this summer. Louis van Gaal's side have been linked with big-money moves for Gareth Bale and Mats Hummels. But Phil Neville says keeping De Gea would be the biggest signing Manchester United could make this summer .
Saints are only ranked 16th in the top flight in terms of their wage bill - £55.2m - yet are seventh in the Premier League. Chelsea are third-highest payers with a wage bill of £192.7m behind Manchester United and Manchester City .
Radamel Falcao has scored just four league goals for Manchester United this season. The striker has been on loan at Old Trafford on a season-long loan deal from Monaco. Manchester United chief executive Ed Woodward held talks with Monaco on Sunday. CLICK HERE for all the latest Manchester United news.
Rafael may have played his last game for Manchester United after he cracked three ribs. The Brazilian right-back is surplus to requirements and will be sold in the summer. The 24-year-old was hurt by a stray knee from Leicester's Anthony Knockaert. Manchester United have handed trials to Luke Tingey and Kyran.
Manchester United have put in a £21.5m bid for Mats Hummels, according to German newspaper Bild. The Germans are keen to bring in Real Madrid's Sami Khedira as their new captain. United also retain an interest in Ilkay Gundogan .
Louis van Gaal has been impressed with Michael Carrick's contribution to Manchester United. Borussia Dortmund's Ilkay Gundogan is a prime contender to replace Carrick. Jurgen Klopp's impending departure from Dortmund could see a host of players leave the club.
Reading lost 2-1 to Arsenal in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Saturday. Adam Federici let Alexis Sanchez's shot slip through his grasp in the sixth minute of extra-time. Steve Clarke backs Federici to bounce.
Adam Federici let Alexis Sanchez's shot slip through his grasp in the sixth minute of extra-time. The 30-year-old was 'inconsolable' after the match and issued an apology on Twitter. Click here for more Arsenal news .
Alexis Sanchez scored twice as Arsenal beat Reading 2-1 in the FA Cup semi-final on Saturday. The Chile international has scored three goals in his last three matches. Sanchez is shortlisted for the PFA Player of the Year with Eden Hazard the hot favourite to win the award .
David Luiz was at fault for both goals as PSG crashed out of the Champions League. Neymar scored twice as Barcelona beat PSG 2-0 in the quarter-finals on Tuesday night. ITV pundit Roy Keane described Luiz as looking 'lost' .
UEFA has published Champions League regulations for next season confirming a seeding change. Top-seeded teams in eight groups will be defending Champions League winner plus title holders in seven highest-ranked countries. Arsenal, Atletico Madrid and Porto will drop in status in the August 27 draw.
Bayern Munich beat Porto 7-4 on aggregate to reach Champions League semi-finals. Pep Guardiola weathered his first major crisis at the German club after 3-1 first leg defeat. The Spaniard said winning is a matter of life and death .
Bayern Munich beat Porto 6-1 at the Allianz Arena on Tuesday night. Pep Guardiola's side raced in to a 5-0 lead before half-time before Porto pulled back to 5-1. Bayern find out their semi-final opponents on Thursday in the Champions League.
Campbell has listed a second property for sale in the same exclusive neighbourhood of Chelsea. He bought it in 2011 for £4.25million after staging a sit-in at an estate agents' in the hope of securing it for his family .
Barcelona beat Paris Saint-Germain 2-0 at the Nou Camp to reach the semi-finals of the Champions League. Neymar has the blend of Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi in his skillset. Luis Enrique has a strong chance of matching Pep Guardiola's treble-winning debut season. Barcelona look like genuine treble contenders .
DeShane Beckford impressed on trial with West Ham's academy earlier this month. The 17-year-old forward from Montego Bay United is said to be one of the hottest prospects to emerge from the Caribbean.
West Ham are set to move into the London 2012 showpiece venue for the start of 2016-17 season. Fresh questions were raised about the award of the 99-year lease to West Ham on Tuesday. Click here for more West Ham news.
Barcelona beat PSG 2-0 in the Champions League quarter-final second-leg on Tuesday night. Andres Iniesta had failed to register a single assist or goal from 19 La Liga appearances this season. The Spaniard has responded to critics by claiming he 'never went away' following a vintage first-half performance .
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will fight in Las Vegas on May 2. Referee Kenny Bayless will be in charge of the richest fight of all time. Bayless has refereed previous super fights involving Mayweather and Pacqiao. Bob Arum says: 'Bayless is the best out there'  .
Kenny Bayless will referee Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao on May 2. The 64-year-old has overseen five of Mayweather's previous fights, including his pro debut against Roberto Apodaca. Oscar De La Hoya believes the appointment of Bayless favours Mayweather.
Barry Hawkins beat Matthew Selt 10-9 to qualify for the second round of the World Snooker Championship. The 2013 finalist looked set to ease through to the last 16 after a 7-2 overnight lead. But Selt responded by reeling off five frames in a row.
Four-time winner Higgins impressed with a 10-5 first-round victory over Robert Milkins. Higgins has sprung back to competitive form level this year, notably in taking the Welsh Open title in February to end a major trophy drought.
Tiger Woods and Rory McIlroy were paired together for the final round at Augusta on Sunday. Ian Poulter shot a second straight 67 for a share of sixth at the Masters. Phil Mickelson opted for an all-black outfit in an unusual bid to improve his performance.
Andy Murray tied the knot with Kim Sears at Dunblane Cathedral in Ayrshire on Saturday afternoon. Hundreds of well-wishers gathered outside the historic cathedral to greet the couple as they arrived. The tennis star posted a tweet to his 2.98 million followers showing his plans for the day through emojis.
There are 23 current and former Premier League players still involved in Europe's top competition. Cristiano Ronaldo, Patrice Evra, Carlos Tevez, Paul Pogba, Gerard Pique, Dimitar Berbatov and Javier Hernandez are among them. Gareth Bale, Xabi Alonso and Jerome Boateng are also involved.
Manchester City director of football Txiki Begiristain is keen for Pep Guardiola to become their new manager in 2016. Pep Guardiola is the man City want to install at the Etihad Stadium in the summer of 2016. Guardiola is facing his first Champions League exit prior to the semi-final stages of his coaching career. The 44-year-old will come under more scrutiny if Bayern fail to overturn their quarter-final deficit .
Xabi Alonso could become the second player to win the Champions League with three different teams. The Spaniard won the trophy with Liverpool, Real Madrid and AC Milan. The only other player to have done so is AC Milan legend Clarence Seedorf. Thiago Motta could also equal Seedorf's record if he wins the title with Paris Saint-Germain this season  .
West Ham lost 2-0 to Manchester City at the Etihad Stadium on Sunday. Sam Allardyce was furious that a foul by Eliaquim Mangala on Stewart Downing was missed. The Hammers boss also screamed at fourth official Robert Madley.
West Ham lost 2-0 to Manchester City at the Etihad Stadium on Sunday. The Hammers have won just one of their last 11 Premier League games. Carl Jenkinson insists the club are determined to finish mid-table .
Glenn Roeder has made a surprise return to football as part of a new management team at Sheffield Wednesday. Roeder and former Hull City chairman Adam Pearson are joining head coach Stuart Gray in a three-man task force .
Tim Sherwood has had an inspired start in charge of Aston Villa. The former Tottenham boss has won five games and reached the FA Cup final. Christian Benteke has flourished under Sherwood and has scored nine goals in his last seven games. Fabian Delph and Jack Grealish have also impressed .
Martina Hingis defeated 6-4, 6-0 by Agnieszka Radwanska in Fed Cup tie against Poland. Former World No 1 played her first tour-level singles for nearly eight years on Saturday .
Memphis Depay has been compared to a young Cristiano Ronaldo by Ronald de Boer. The PSV Eindhoven star has been linked with a move to Manchester United. Liverpool hope to convince the 21-year-old he would get more regular football at Anfield. Click here for more .
Premier League and FA blame each other for clash of Chelsea vs Manchester United. FA Cup semi-final against Arsenal clashed with top Premier League fixture. Luke Shaw enjoyed one of his better games against Chelsea in a season when he rates his own performances as C minus. Kevin Pietersen is the elephant in the room.
Manchester United lost 1-0 to Chelsea at Stamford Bridge in the Premier League on Saturday. Eden Hazard scored the only goal of the game in the 38th minute to give Chelsea the lead. Louis van Gaal's side will be locked in full combat mode when the fixture list for the 2015-16 season is released.
Eden Hazard scored the winner against Manchester United to extend Chelsea's lead at the top of the Premier League. Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho says Hazard is one of the best three players in the world .
Liverpool have been given the go-ahead to install a 4.5metre fine mesh privacy screen around their Melwood training ground. The club had grown concerns over confidentiality of their team details being leaked prior to matches.
Juventus are monitoring Raheem Sterling's situation at Liverpool. The Serie A side are looking to strengthen further this summer. Manchester City, Chelsea, Real Madrid, Paris St Germain and Bayern Munich are all interested in the England international .
Steven Gerrard was denied the chance to end his Liverpool career in the FA Cup final at Wembley. The 35-year-old's final game at Anfield will come against Crystal Palace on May 16. Gerrard's final Liverpool game will come at Stoke City on May 24. The Liverpool captain is likely to begin his new career with LA Galaxy in July .
Liverpool face a major rebuilding job after another trophyless season. Brendan Rodgers could see up to 10 of his stars leave Anfield this summer. Captain Steven Gerrard has already agreed to join MLS side LA Galaxy. Kolo Toure and Glen Johnson are both out of contract and could leave on a free transfer. Raheem Sterling is embroiled in a contract stand-off with Manchester City certain to make an offer .
Amir Khan could be set to face Manny Pacquiao in Abu Dhabi in November or December. Khan has been waiting for Floyd Mayweather to fight him for two years . Mayweather and PacQuiao are preparing to fight in Las Vegas on May 2 . Khan is the stand-by for Pacqu Xiao had Mayweather refused the Fight of the Century in May .
Michael Conlan was close to pulling out of his must-win bout in the World Series of Boxing. The Irish bantamweight claimed a 49-46 unanimous points win over José Vicente Azocar. Paddy Barnes beat Yoel Finol to book his place at the Rio 2016 Olympics .
Manny Pacquiao's shorts will carry sponsorship logos worth $2.25m (£1.5m) when he fights Floyd Mayweather on May 2. The richest fight of all time is said to be worth $300m and then some to those involved  .
Manuel Pellegrini should have given Frank Lampard more game time against West Ham. Phil Jagielka is five games away from going a complete season without getting a single booking. Tom Cleverley has found a steely edge since Tim Sherwood took charge at Aston Villa. Didier Drogba covered more ground than Radamel Falcao.
Liverpool lost 2-1 to Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Sunday. Brendan Rodgers must accept criticism for the way his side have performed this season. The Liverpool boss has not been able to solve the problem of Mario Balotelli. The club's transfer committee must provide the right answers in the summer .
Aston Villa beat Liverpool 2-1 in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Sunday. Christian Benteke and Fabian Delph scored for Villa in the last-four clash. Tom Cleverley says Tim Sherwood's attacking style is paying off.
David Moyes gave Wayne Rooney his professional debut as a 16-year-old at Everton in 2002. Moyes succeeded Sir Alex Ferguson as Manchester United manager in the summer of 2013 . The pair had a well-publicised falling out following Rooney's departure from Goodison Park in 2004 . CLICK HERE for all the latest Manchester United news .
Manchester United lost 1-0 at Chelsea in the Premier League on Saturday. Wayne Rooney was happy with his side's performance at Stamford Bridge despite defeat. Louis van Gaal labelled it as their best display of the season so far .
Eden Hazard scored his 13th Premier League goal of the season to give Chelsea the lead at Stamford Bridge . The Chelsea forward nut-megged Manchester United goalkeeper David de Gea to open the scoring in the first half . Manchester United midfielder Ander Herrera was sent off in the second half for a tackle .
Chelsea beat Manchester United 1-0 at Stamford Bridge on Saturday afternoon . Eden Hazard scored the only goal of the game in the 38th minute . The Belgian forward is now on 17 goals for the season . CLICK HERE for all the latest Chelsea news .
Chelsea beat Manchester United 1-0 at Stamford Bridge to move 10 points clear at the top of the Premier League. Eden Hazard's goal was enough to give Jose Mourinho's side all three points at the weekend . The Blues require two wins from their last six matches to claim the title .
Eden Hazard's first-half goal gave Chelsea a 1-0 win over Manchester United at Stamford Bridge. Ander Herrera went over under the challenge of Gary Cahill but was denied a late penalty. Jose Mourinho reignited talk of a campaign against Chelsea, even though it was not a player.
Chelsea beat Manchester United 1-0 at Stamford Bridge on Saturday to move within two wins of winning the Premier League. Jose Mourinho's side need just two more wins to clinch the title. Click here for more Chelsea news.
Chelsea host Manchester United at Stamford Bridge on Saturday afternoon. Marouane Fellaini has been in superb form for Manchester United in recent weeks. Thibaut Courtois believes his side will be able to deal with the midfielder's style of play  .
Bournemouth drew 2-2 with Sheffield Wednesday at Dean Court on Saturday afternoon . Chris Maguire scored an injury time penalty to salvage a draw for the Owls . The Cherries had dominated, then trailed, then they levelled and had a man sent off . Matt Ritchie then hit the top corner and put Bournemouth top again in stoppage time.
Arsenal beat Reading 1-1 in FA Cup semi-final at Wembley after extra-time. Garath McCleary scored a shock equaliser for the Gunners. Steve Clarke will hope the performance will inspire his return to the Premier League .
Paul Scholes co-owns Salford City with Ryan Giggs, Gary Neville, Phil Neville and Nicky Butt. The club are currently five points clear at the top of the Evo-Stik League First Division North. Click here for more football news .
Radamel Falcao started in Manchester United's 1-0 defeat at Chelsea on Saturday. The striker hasn't scored or had a shot on target in the Premier League since January 31. He has collected £3,080,000 in wages since joining United on a season-long loan from Monaco .
Andres Iniesta made his Barcelona debut against Manchester United during the 2002-03 season. Louis van Gaal was Barca manager when Iniesta played for the Spanish club. Iniesta has praised Van Gaal for helping him make the breakthrough into the first team .
All Premier League clubs have agreed to pay the living wage from the start of the 2016-17 season. Manchester United have decided to implement the policy a year early. Chelsea became the first professional club in England to pay a living wage  .
Manchester United face Manchester City at Old Trafford on Sunday. Wayne Rooney is the leading United scorer in derby history with 11 goals. United have lost their last four meetings against their biggest rivals . Click here for all the latest Manchester United news .
Rotor Volgograd beat Manchester United 2-2 in the UEFA Cup in 1995 after a 0-0 draw in Russia. The Russian outfit have been wound up after going bankrupt. Rotor were competing in the second division in the Volga region of Russia, which is effectively Russian football's third tier .
Everton beat Burnley 1-0 in their Premier League clash at Goodison Park on Saturday. Kevin Mirallas opened the scoring on his return to the first team for the Toffees. Ashley Barnes was sent off on the stroke of half-time after two fouls. Ross Barkley missed a penalty for the visitors after Ross Barkley was brought down .
Everton beat Burnley 1-0 in their Premier League clash at Goodison Park on Saturday. Ross Barkley missed from the spot in the 10th minute despite Leighton Baines being on the pitch . Everton boss Roberto Martinez insists Barkley was within his rights to request penalty-taking duties . Baines has scored 15 penalties from 16 attempts in the Premier League this season   .
Everton forward Steven Naismith has won the Barclays Spirit of the Game Award. The 28-year-old has worked with Job Centre Plus, Dyslexia Scotland and the Whitechapel Centre in Liverpool .
Everton face Burnley at Goodison Park on Saturday in the Premier League. Sean Dyche's Clarets are two points from safety in the relegation zone. Roberto Martinez says Burnley's players remind him of his old side.
Manny Pacquiao takes on Floyd Mayweather in Las Vegas on May 2. The Filipino boxer has promoted a range of t-shirts commemorating the bout. There are four shirts for sale, three of which cost $29.99 (£321)
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will fight in Las Vegas on May 2. But tickets for the fight have yet to go on sale two weeks before the bout. The two camps and the MGM Grand have been locked in a stand-off over allotments for the tickets .
Sky Sports pundits Jamie Redknapp and Thierry Henry face-to-face ahead of Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao. Sky Sports Boxing are asking people to film their own head to heads to celebrate the fight. Click here for all the latest boxing news with our live updates .
Christian Benteke could be sold in the summer if he wants to go, says Tim Sherwood. Aston Villa boss will consider selling the Belgium international this summer. Sherwood said there would likely be talks over the striker's £50,000-a-week contract.
Martin Skrtel says Steven Gerrard is still one of the best players in the world. Gerrard is set to leave Liverpool at the end of the season and move to LA Galaxy. Liverpool face Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final on Sunday.
Liverpool face Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Sunday. Brendan Rodgers is looking to lead Liverpool to an eighth FA Cup victory. Liverpool's last trophy success came in 2012 in the League Cup under Kenny Dalglish .
Stoke City are 17th in the Premier League Fair Play table. Mark Hughes believes Tom Jones' song 'Delilah' is costing them a spot in the Europe League. The Potters have been singing the 1960s hit as their unofficial club anthem since the 1980s .
Paris Saint-Germain striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic has had his four-game ban reduced by one match. Dimitri Payet has also had his ban reduced after an appeal to the French Olympic Committee. Ibrahimovic will now miss three games and Payet just one after both clubs successfully appealed .
Barcelona beat Paris Saint-Germain 3-1 in the Champions League semi-final first leg on Wednesday night . Luis Enrique's side are five points clear at the top of the La Liga table after 10 games . Valencia visit the Nou Camp in the midst of a 10-match unbeaten run. Click here for all the latest Barcelona news.
Luis Suarez scored a brace in Barcelona's 3-1 win over PSG in the Champions League quarter final. The striker says he nutmegged David Luiz twice because it was his quickest way to goal . Suarez says the tie is not over despite the two goal lead  .
Laura Robson has not played since the 2014 Australian Open more than 15 months ago. The 21-year-old has been training in Tampa in a bid to build up her fitness in time to take part in next month's French Open at Roland Garros.
Greek government have proposed new laws banning teams from European competitions. UEFA and FIFA say that is direct government interference in football. Gianni Infantino says there will be no choice but to suspend Greece from international football. Greece's government are refusing to back down from proposed laws.
Gareth Bale is out of Real Madrid's Champions League quarter-final second leg against Atletico Madrid. Bale injured his calf against Malaga in the opening stages of Saturday's 3-1 win. The Welsh forward took to Facebook on Wednesday to wish his team good luck on Wednesday.
Stephan Lichtsteiner played with Eden Hazard at Lille and Paul Pogba at Juventus. The defender believes Kingsley Coman is being sculpted into a special player. Click here for all the latest Juventus news  .
Leonardo Jardim says Monaco's performance in the Champions League shows you don't need to buy big. The French club host Juventus at the Stade Louis II on Wednesday in the quarter-final first leg. Click here for all the latest Champions League news .
Atletico Madrid take on Real Madrid in the Champions League quarter-final second leg on Wednesday night. Diego Simeone believes English football needs to 'wake up' after poor showing in Europe this season. Chelsea, Arsenal and Manchester City were eliminated at the last 16 stage. Everton were dumped out of the Europa League in the same round as Everton .
Manchester United's Under 21 side drew 1-1 with Leicester at the King Power Stadium. Harry Panayiotou put Leicester in the lead after 18 minutes after getting on the end of a cross by Anthony Knockaert. Sean Goss levelled the scoreline in the 32nd minute by wriggling past Leicester's defence before scoring past Adam Smith .
Nathaniel Clyne enters the final year of his current deal at Southampton at the end of the season. The Saints are in talks with the defender's representatives over an extension. Manchester United, Chelsea and Liverpool are all interested in the 24-year-old England right-back  .
Everton have expressed an interest in QPR striker Charlie Austin who could leave Loftus Road in the summer. The Toffees were among Premier League clubs who watched Club Brugge forward Obbi Oulare on Sunday   .
Brentford are considering appointing Gianfranco Zola as their new manager. Mark Warburton is to leave the club at the end of the season. The Italian was at Griffin Park on Saturday for the draw against Bolton. Zola was sacked by Cagliari last month.
Rob Green made a calamitous error in England's 1-1 draw with USA at the 2010 World Cup. Sam Allardyce believes Green can rival Joe Hart for England No 1 spot. Green faces former club West Ham at Loftus Road on Saturday.
Memphis Depay has held talks with Paris St Germain over a move to PSG. Manchester United and Liverpool are both interested in signing the Holland international. Depay is good friends with PSG team-mate Gregory van der Wiel  .
Real Madrid beat rivals Atletico Madrid 2-1 in the Champions League on Tuesday night. Javier Hernandez scored a late winner for Real Madrid at the Bernabeu Stadium . Thierry Henry was quick to criticise the Mexican striker for celebrating his winner 'like he had just won the World Cup'
Real Madrid beat Atletico Madrid 1-0 in Champions League quarter-final second leg on Wednesday night. Javier Hernandez scored the winning goal with two minutes to go against rivals Atletico. Thierry Henry was quick to criticise Hernandez's celebration after the match. The former Arsenal striker posted an 84-minute video of Michael Laudrup's passing .
Barcelona face Paris Saint-Germain in the Champions League semi-finals on Tuesday. Luis Suarez admits he was nervous at the prospect of playing alongside Lionel Messi and Neymar. The Uruguayan has scored 19 goals in all competitions for Barcelona this season.
Amir Khan will fight Chris Algieri at the Barclays Center in New York on May 29. Kell Brook is going to fight Frankie Gavin at London's 02 Arena on Saturday, May 30. Brook has repeatedly called out Khan but the Bolton-born fighter has hit back at him.
Manny Pacquiao takes on Floyd Mayweather in the Fight of the Century on May 2 in Las Vegas. Ricky Hatton says Pacqu Xiao has the style to beat Mayweather. Hatton also says having Freddie Roach in his corner gives PacMan a huge advantage . CLICK HERE for all the latest boxing news .
Kell Brook will fight Frankie Gavin at the O2 Arena in London on May 30. Brook beat Jo Jo Dan for the IBF World Welterweight title in Sheffield last month. The welterweight will return to action on a packed pay-per-view show in London .
Manny Pacquiao and Floyd Mayweather will go head-to-head in Las Vegas on May 2. The pair came close to agreeing a big-money bout five years ago but it fell through. Freddie Roach believes the 2015 Manny is better equipped to beat Mayweather than he was in 2010  .
Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao will take place on May 2 in Las Vegas. The official advert for the fight has been released with less than a month to go. The 30-second clip was filmed in a Los Angeles studio on March 11. Click here for more boxing news .
Floyd Mayweather takes on Manny Pacquiao in their $300 million mega-fight on May 2. Mayweather believes there has never been a better boxer in the history of the sport. Muhammad Ali lost his world titles to Leon Spinks who had only fought seven times before the fight  .
Bob Arum pulled the plug on Manny Pacquiao's last conference call. The PacMan's promoter ordered an end to the discussion when he realised that many more than the promised tight-knit group of leading sportswriters were jamming the lines. Click here for more.
British boxer Amir Khan shows off party trick using an empty plastic bottle. The 28-year-old will fight Chris Algieri on May 29 at the Barclays Center in New York. CLICK HERE for more boxing news.
Blackpool chairman Karl Oyston denies five FA charges for allegedly abusive text messages. The Seasiders chairman sent a series of vitriolic volleys to a fan before Christmas. Oyston still faces a ban from football activities next month.
Celtic boss Ronny Deila has called for Josh Meekings to be spared a Scottish Cup Final ban. Inverness defender has been retrospectively suspended for one match for his handball on Leigh Griffiths. FIFA's head of referees Jim Boyce has criticised the SFA's decision to charge him.
Hull chief scout Stan Ternent has watched the 25-year-old playing for Russian side Terek Grozny. Rybus has one year left on his current deal and has a get-out clause for £3.2million.
Manchester City need eight homegrown players for their first-team squad next season. The Premier League champions are in danger of losing at least four players this summer. Frank Lampard, Scott Sinclair and Micah Richards will all leave while Richard Wright is expected to follow. James Milner will decide his fate at the end of the season and Dedryck Boyata and John Guidetti are also ready to move.
Harry Kane, Nabil Bentaleb and Ryan Mason are all products of Tottenham's youth system. Pochettino has questioned the logic of blooding more academy players. Spurs goalkeeper Hugo Lloris wants to play in the Champions League .
Cheltenham Town have two games left to stay in the Football League. Gary Johnson asked players to sign a pledge to give their all when he took over. The League Two club are 23rd in League Two after two games.
Micky Adams has left Tranmere by mutual consent, with two games to go. The Wirral side are bottom of the Conference after a 3-0 defeat to Oxford. Barnet and Bristol Rovers battle it out for automatic promotion .
Micky Adams has left Tranmere Rovers by mutual consent. The League Two side are bottom of the table after a 3-0 defeat by Oxford on Saturday. Adams has overseen just two wins in 17 games since taking over at Prenton.
Lucas Akins scored both goals in Burton Albion's 2-1 win at Morecambe. Shrewsbury are just one win away from a return to League One after beating York City. Bury set a new club record of seven straight away wins by beating Portsmouth 1-0 at the weekend.
Steven Gerrard and Frank Lampard will be honoured by the PFA at their annual awards ceremony. The pair will leave the Premier League at the end of the season. Gerrard will join LA Galaxy, while Lampard joins New York City.
Rafael Benitez has dismissed reports linking him to the Manchester City job. The Spaniard is out of contract at the end of the season and has yet to agree an extension. Napoli host Wolfsburg in the Europa League quarter-final second leg on Thursday .
Rafael Benitez has been linked with the managerial job at Sampdoria. Sinisa Mihajlovic is the current Blucerchiati boss and is being lined up to take over at Napoli. But president Massimo Ferrero has quashed rumours that a job swap is imminent   .
Javier Hernandez scored in the 88th minute to send Real Madrid through to the Champions League semi-final. Cristiano Ronaldo provided a splendid assist for Hernandez's goal. Some believe Hernandez should start more often ahead of Karim Benzema.
West Ham boss Sam Allardyce claims no club has made an offer for Aaron Cresswell. The 25-year-old has been a consistent performer for the Hammers this season. Chelsea and Manchester City have been linked with a move for the defender .
Elliot Kear will return to rugby league's Championship with London Broncos. The Welsh international has spent most of the year playing rugby union for London Welsh. London Welsh were relegated from the Premiership last season .
Featherstone prop James Lockwood given two-year ban for breaching anti-doping regulations. 29-year-old former Dewsbury forward was handed the suspension by UK Anti-Doping.
Three cars were broken into during the match against Hull KR at Odsal Stadium on Sunday . Bradford have launched an investigation into reports that cars were vandalised. The Championship club are appealing for witnesses to the incident .
Toulon winger Bryan Habana scored a decisive try in extra-time against Leinster. The Springbok wing intercepted Ian Madigan's long pass to race away unopposed in the 90th minute. Toulon were reduced to 14 men when Ali Williams was sin-binned for taking out Devin Toner. Leigh Halfpenny kicked 20 points from six penalties and a conversion.
Salford assistant coach Ian Watson is poised to come out of retirement at the age of 38. Watson's last game was as player-coach in the Championship for Swinton last June. Watson has stepped up his training ahead of Sunday.
The fire at Bradford City's Valley Parade stadium claimed 56 lives on May 11, 1985. John Helm was commentating on Bradford's game against Lincoln City when the fire broke out. He still struggles to listen to his description of that fatal day. Martin Fletcher's new book Fifty-Six suggests the fire may not have been an accident   .
Bradford City's Valley Parade was destroyed by a fire on May 11, 1985. 56 people died and 265 were injured in the inferno at the football ground. Stuart McCall's father was one of the 56 people who died in the blaze. Rangers boss McCall has always declared himself and his father the fortunate ones of the tragedy.
New book claims Bradford's Valley Parade stadium fire was one of at least nine blazes at businesses owned by or associated with club's then chairman Stafford Heginbotham. Popplewell's inquiry concluded that the cause was an accident probably started by a spectator dropping a cigarette into rubbish .
New book claims Bradford City fire in 1985 was just one of nine fires at businesses owned by Stafford Heginbotham. Former sports minister Gerry Sutcliffe does not believe a new inquiry into the disaster is justified. The fire at Bradford City's Valley Parade claimed 56 victims and injured 265 on May 11, 1985   .
Paul Smith will fight Andre Ward in Oakland, California, on June 20. The Liverpool boxer has lost his last two world title challenges to Arthur Abraham. Ward has not fought since defeating Edwin Rodriguez in November 2013. The 31-year-old could face Carl Froch in a rematch  .
Carl Froch has expressed his desire to fight Julio Cesar Chavez Jr in Las Vegas. But the former middleweight world champion was stopped in nine rounds by Andrzej Fonfara. Chavez was thoroughly outclassed by Polish opponent.
Manchester City are four points clear at the top of the Premier League table. But what if Liverpool reel them in over the next six matches? Manuel Pellegrini and Txiki Begiristain are not adept at identifying replacements for Yaya Toure.
Patrick Vieira has the backing of Manchester City players to replace Manuel Pellegrini. The Frenchman is highly-respected among senior players at the Etihad Stadium. City's first-choice managerial option remains Bayern Munich boss Pep Guardiola. Click here for Manchester City transfer news.
John Lahiff, 70, was playing golf at the Palmer Sea Reef Golf Course in Port Douglas on Monday afternoon. He believes he accidentally stood on a sunbaking crocodile on the 11th hole, causing the croc to retaliate. The golfer received puncture wounds on his leg and foot, including one down to the bone. He is in a stable condition.
Facebook consumes 40 per cent of the time young women spend online, study finds. Women aged 17 to 25 read magazines 'infrequently' but checked Facebook every few hours .
Nicholas Tooth, 25, was playing for the Quirindi Lions against the Narrabri Blue Boars in mid-north NSW on Saturday when he collapsed after hitting his head on an opponent's shoulder during a tackle. He was treated at the ground before being airlifted to Newcastle's John Hunter Hospital in a critical condition but died in hospital late on Sunday. The young man was visiting his hometown in the New England region of NSW for the weekend  .
Alexander Giniyatullin kept a remarkably steady hand filming the scary scene in the Kemerovo Region of Russia. The eerie phenomenon is called an 'earthflow' and is a rare type of landslide. It's a viscous flow of fine-grained materials, such as clay, sand and silt that have been saturated with water and moves downhill because of the pull of gravity. No one was hurt .
Julie Stauch and married couple Sean Bagniewski and Vidhya Reddy all appear in video announcing Clinton's 2016 bid. They are part of a diverse group of 'everyday Americans' chosen to show aspirational citizens as Clinton looks to speak to wide demographic of voters. But they are directly involved with the Democrat party - just like campaigners Jared Milrad and Nate Johnson, who discuss their upcoming wedding plans on screen in the video .
An Icelandic duo has created a snack that is made using cricket flour. Called the Jungle Bar it also contains dates, sesame seeds and chocolate. Cricket flour is said to be a good source of protein and other nutrients. The duo hopes it will encourage people in the West to eat more insects. It is being developed by Búi Bjarmar Aðalsteinsson and Stefán Atli Thoroddsen.
A video has emerged showing Galaxy S6 Edge bending and shattering under 110lbs (50kg) of pressure. The video was released by third-party warranty firm SquareTrade. Samsung claims the tests conducted by SquareTrade was unfair as 110lbs is normal pressure.
Dr Sandra Lee is a dermatologist at the Skin Physicians & Surgeons practice in Upland, California. She is known online as Dr Pimple Popper, a moniker she used when she started posting clips of her patients' extractions on her YouTube channel. The clips have earned her nearly 60,000 subscribers on YouTube .
A woman strong-armed a man of his flexing title at a football game earlier this month. The Flex Cam is a stadium tradition in which a camera rolls around the audience so that they can display their muscles. The video has over 300,000 views.
Bus monitor Karen Huff Klein, 71, was tormented by middle school students in Greece, New York in a difficult-to-watch 10-minute video in 2012. Now, one of the students involved in this verbal attack has been accused of forcing a special-needs student to drink urine from a toilet while holding his crotch. The bullying was videotaped and posted on Snapchat. Greece Athena High School in upstate New York is reportedly investigating .
Chan and Sukumaran are set to face the firing squad alongside eight other drug felons as soon as all appeals have concluded. The pair lost their most recent appeal for clemency however three of the other death row prisoners are still awaiting the results of their appeals. The executions will take place upon their conclusion.
The 40-second clip was recorded by Haim Kaplan at the Ngorongoro Conservation Area in Tanzania. The driver makes an attempt to scare the baboons away but is forced to retreat.
The craze involves having your pet pooch shaped into a sphere or a square - with the desired effect being a more eye-grabbing and clean-cut look  .
Jack Wilshere met Pele at the launch party of 10Ten Talent on Thursday night. The Arsenal midfielder was given the 'honour to interview the legendary Brazil legend. Pele and Glenn Hoddle are clients of the London-based talent agency and both attended the event .
Adam Prowse, 34, of Torquay, was captured on camera dancing to a series of songs from Michael Jackson's Don't Stop 'Til You Get Enough. The Royal Mail worker has been dubbed 'the happiest postman in the world'
Scott Kaiser filmed the back of the large pelican sitting on a post overlooking the water in Santa Barbara, California. The bird lifts its head all the way back and opens its mouth to show off the size difference between the two parts of its beak  .
Dating back to the 11th century A.D., Balestrino is based 40 miles south east of Genoa. Residents were forced to flee their homes in the town more than 60 years ago. Seismic instability caused by earthquakes forced the abandonment.
The museum will be dedicated exclusively to the New York director, who picked Barcelona for the setting of his Oscar winning film, Vicky Cristina Barcelona. The cultural centre is hoped to be housed in former arts and crafts school, La Llotja, following refurbishment of the now abandoned building.
Tateyama Kurobe Alpine Route opened to the public today and allows tourists to view the spectacular snow-walled passageway along the 1000ft section. The 37km route will be open until November but tourists can walk the walled wonder until it starts to melt.
Study found that the cracking is caused by the rapid formation of a gas-filled cavity within a slippery substance called synovial fluid. A knuckle cracks in less than 310 milliseconds and water rushing together causes a white flash, believed to be from water rushing.
Patrick Miller and friend Damien Rigden stayed at a four-star hotel in Cyprus for a friend's wedding. The pair created a hilarious video diary of the conditions at the 'horrendous' hotel. The three-and-a-half minute video offers a glimpse into every traveller’s nightmare .
Welsh fort, which defended Britain from French invasion, will be joined to mainland thanks to 328ft footbridge. Currently, the fort can only be reached by crossing a beach during low tide for six hours per day.
Incredible footage was shot at Domodedovo Airport in Russia. Shows a man lying in the foetal position seemingly away with the fairies. Other passengers appear more concerned with luggage.
Cafe based in Moscow invites cat lovers to bring their pets along with them for a cup of tea. All of the cats that live at the cafe were rescued from a local shelter and have each been vaccinated and chipped.
The dog named Teeny is captured on video sat opposite trainer Eric Ko at the Dogaroo centre in Hong Kong. The pair hold onto push-up bars with their front paws and hands and wait for the trainer's command.
Lewis Moody, 36, is undertaking a 100km trek to the North Pole to raise £250,000 for charity. Plane forced to make emergency landing due to poor visibility between Svalbard and ice camp Barneo on Saturday.
Zoo keepers place food in barrels to stimulate the lions, as it replicates the challenges faced when the animals feed in the wild. The animal reaches in too far and gets its head stuck.
Sket follows 'Jeff Randl' who travels to Switzerland to compete in Xtreme Verbier freeriding event. Video has more than 300,000 views on YouTube since late March. Some viewers said they were offended or didn't find humour.
Steven Sloan, joined by friends Michael Niccum and Eugene Dight, were on an aluminium rowboat when the encounter occurred off the west coast of Anderson Island, Washington .
Turia Pitt suffered burns to 65 per cent of her body when she was caught in a bushfire in September 2011. The 27-year-old was competing in an ultra-marathon in WA's Kimberley region. She ran her first marathon last month since the fire and clocked a faster time than before she was injured. The motivational speaker also revealed she was back on the race tracks for the first time since .
Michael Carrick has made nine competitive starts for England but has been ordinary at best. England have won just four competitive matches when he has started, including against Poland and Montenegro. Carrick played in the match against Ecuador in the 2006 World Cup but was dropped for the quarter-final with Portugal   .
England have pulled out of the home nations international Under 16 tournament. Sky Sports' drastic cost-cutting is being blamed for the demise of the Victory Shield. BT Sport are to broadcast the inaugural European Games in Baku in June this year .
ECB chairman Colin Graves has released very few details of the new director of cricket role. Former England captains Andrew Strauss, Michael Vaughan and Alec Stewart are among front-runners. Sports psychiatrist Steve Peters has helped Jonathan Trott recover from situational anxieties. Click here for more cricket news .
Premier League clubs have turned down a bid from Guinness to replace Barclays as title sponsor. The Premier League want a deal in the region of £60m-a-season from 2016. Gary Neville left Stamford Bridge to attend Nicky Butt's birthday party.
Steve Peters will play a key role in keeping Jonathan Trott focused in the Caribbean. Trott fell cheaply in both innings in the first Test in Antigua and is having regular Skype sessions with Peters. Hampshire chairman Rod Bransgrove wants to see an Ashes Test match at his beloved Ageas Bowl ground in 2023  .
The ECB are to instigate a recruitment process involving head hunters Sport Recruitment International. Michael Vaughan has been among the leading candidates to take up the newly-created role with England. Roy Hodgson is launching Roses 2015, the annual clash between York and Lancaster universities .
UK will be counting on England batting coach Graham Thorpe voting for them in the General Election. Thorpe revealed he had signed a form supporting the right-wing party a year ago. Other big-name cricketers who have been linked with UKIP are Sir Ian Botham and Geoffrey Boycott but both deny any association with the party.
The England cricket team's involvement with Allen Stanford has been defended by Sir Curtly Ambrose. Ambrose accompanied Stanford when he flew to Lord's nursery ground in 2008 to launch five-year deal. The deal ended with his arrest and subsequent 110-year jail sentence, just one $20million T20 game into.
Departing ECB chairman Giles Clarke made a fool of himself at the Wisden Almanack launch. Clarke confronted guest speaker Ehsan Mani and Sportsmail's Lawrence Booth. Sky Sports pundit Thierry Henry will not be allowed to appear on Channel 4's racing coverage .
Marina Granovskaia is a Chelsea director and arguably the most powerful woman in English football. She is also Abramovich’s day-to-day link with his football team. She sold David Luiz for a remarkable £50million to Paris Saint-Germain last summer. She allegedly told captain John Terry to ‘take it or f****** leave it’ over a contract extension. Click here for more Chelsea news .
Arsenal players are choosing to employ relatives as their agents after FIFA washed their hands of attempts to regulate middle-men. Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain's father Mark is acting as his representative since Alex split from Impact Sports Management. Raheem Sterling's adviser Aidy Ward is also involved in his agent business .
QPR owner Tony Fernandes wants to avoid fines of up to £50million for Financial Fair Play breaches. Rival clubs claim QPR are making an outrageous attempt to get their man on the inside of discussions. Raheem Sterling’s stand-off with Liverpool over a new contract is not just to do with him. England cricket head coach Peter Moores will soon begin review into World Cup.
Sky Sports will pay £11million a game to broadcast Premier League football for three years starting in 2016. Barney Francis addressed staff this week to present his 'Fit for the Future' strategy. England fans sang anti-IRA songs during Tuesday's friendly draw with Italy.
Jose Mourinho has issued a gentle warning to Chelsea's next generation. The Blues boss has promised Ruben Loftus-Cheek his chance next season. The 19-year-old has been part of the first-team at Chelsea since the age of eight. Chelsea are preparing for their fourth successive FA Youth Cup final .
Arsenal have 15 wins from 17 games since New Year's Day, but it's come too late. Arsene Wenger has been given time to fail repeatedly, and he's still there . Arsenal are now making the kind of signings they should be making - marquee players . Click here for more Arsenal news .
Louis van Gaal has identified Michael Carrick and Wayne Rooney as two of his most bright players. The Manchester United boss is frustrated by the lack of football intelligence at Old Trafford. Ander Herrera's poor pass to Marcos Rojo against Aston Villa was inexplicable. Juan Mata is a cultured, classy individual on and off the pitch.
Raheem Sterling is earning less than half of what Mario Balotelli is on at Liverpool. Sterling's agent has been accused of giving him bad advice over his contract negotiations. Brendan Rodgers has repeatedly insisted Sterling will not be moving anywhere this summer. Liverpool have made some poor decisions in terms of signings and contracts since Luis Suarez.
Michael Carrick has been consistently overlooked by England since joining Manchester United in 2006. Sir Alex Ferguson signed Carrick for £18million and trusted him in midfield. Steve McLaren and Fabio Capello failed to pick him for the 2008 and 2010 World Cups. England lumbered and stumbled on with the likes of Jermaine Jenas (21 caps), Scott Parker (18) and Gareth Barry.
Celtic and Inverness drew 1-1 in the Scottish Cup semi-final at Hampden Park on Sunday. The officials failed to spot a potentially game-changing handball by Josh Meekings. The SFA and Irish FA have called for goal-line technology trials .
Celtic lost 3-2 to Inverness in the Scottish Cup semi-final at Hampden on Sunday . Ronny Deila's side are currently five points clear at the top of the Scottish Premiership . Celtic travel to Dundee on Wednesday in the league on Wednesday .
Celtic were beaten 3-2 by Inverness in the Scottish Cup semi-final on Sunday . The Hoops were left outraged by referee Steven McLean's failure to award a penalty or red card. Caley Thistle went on to win the game after extra-time .
Gary Warren will miss the Scottish Cup final after picking up his second yellow card. The Inverness defender missed last year's League Cup final for the same reason. Warren feels the rule to have players suspended for amassing just two yellows is ridiculous .
Alastair Cook badly needing runs and wins in the last two Tests of the series to stop the mood for change in English cricket claiming him as its next victim. Peter Moores under pressure himself after sacking of Paul Downton.
Alastair Cook says England will leave Antigua with 'a bit of a downer on' after draw in first Test. England chasing first away win since beating India in December 2012. Jason Holder scored maiden Test century as West Indies forced draw .
James Anderson claimed his 384th Test wicket to break Sir Ian Botham's record . The England bowler claimed his first Test victim 12 years ago at Lord’s . Anderson's parents Michael and Catherine and his wife Daniella were in Antigua for his 100th Test . But the celebrations were short lived as England had to settle for a draw in the first Test against West Indies at the Sir Vivian Richards Stadium.
Aston Villa beat Liverpool 1-0 at Wembley on Saturday night. Jack Grealish impressed in his first Premier League start for the club. The 19-year-old had a hand in Christian Benteke's equaliser at Wembley .
Aston Villa beat Liverpool 2-1 to book their place in the FA Cup final at Wembley . Fabian Delph scored the winning goal to set up Christian Benteke's equaliser in the second half . Tim Sherwood's side will face Arsenal in the showpiece next month . CLICK HERE for all the latest Aston Villa news .
Liverpool face Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Sunday. Raheem Sterling and Jordon Ibe were pictured smoking a shisha pipe on Monday. Brendan Rodgers hasn't disciplined Sterling or Ibe for the incident but has reminded them .
Liverpool lost 2-1 to Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Sunday night. Mario Balotelli had the ball in the net with five minutes to go but was wrongly flagged offside. The Italian striker was clearly onside when the ball was played to him by Villa defender Leandro Bacuna .
Barcelona beat Paris Saint-Germain 3-1 in the first leg of their Champions League quarter-final tie. Neymar scored twice and Luis Suarez scored twice for the La Liga leaders. Luis Suarez was the star man for Barcelona and scored a brilliant second-half double .
Juan Mata was substituted by Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho on New Year's Day last year. The Spaniard was visibly distraught after being substituted by the Chelsea boss. But 16 months later he is performing at the peak of his powers for Manchester United. Mata is close to Ander Herrera, David de Gea and Ryan Giggs. Click here for more Manchester United news .
There were no English clubs in the quarter-finals of the Champions League for the second time in three years. England could slip from their current ranking of second to a lowly fourth by the end of next season. Germany will begin next season with a higher ranking than England, once 2010/11 points are discounted .
Premier League leaders Chelsea host Manchester United at Stamford Bridge on Saturday. Angel di Maria is likely to start another game on the bench for Louis van Gaal's side. Juan Mata could return to haunt his former club after being pushed out at Old Trafford. Radamel Falcao and Juan Cuadrado will be hoping to catch up to expectations at United .
Diego Costa injured his hamstring against Stoke City on April 4 and was expected to be out for a month. Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho said the striker could return against Arsenal next weekend. Mourinho also said Loic Remy should return from a calf injury against Manchester United .
Louis van Gaal will be without Marcos Rojo, Phil Jones, Michael Carrick and Daley Blind at Stamford Bridge. Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho believes Manchester United's squad is 'amazing' in numbers, players, experience and solutions. Mourinho and Van Gaal have a close relationship, dating back to the time when they worked together at Barcelona   .
Michael Carrick and Daley Blind are two of four Manchester United players ruled out of Chelsea clash. Phil Jones and Marcos Rojo will also miss the trip to the Premier League leaders. Louis van Gaal has revealed Wayne Rooney may have to play in a holding midfield role. Luke Shaw and Radamel Falcao could both be recalled against Jose Mourinho's side.
Jurgen Klopp confirmed in a press conference he is to leave Borussia Dortmund in the summer. Klopp will officially cease to be Dortmund manager on June 30. The 47-year-old German will seek a new challenge with a move to the Premier League likely. Klopp has enjoyed seven largely successful years in charge at the Westfalenstadion. Click here for more news .
Chelsea and Manchester City are set to battle it out for the signature of West Ham left-back Aaron Cresswell. The 25-year-old has impressed during his first season in the Premier League. City are desperate to add to their homegrown quota of English players this summer.
Joel Ward has signed a new three-and-a-half year deal at Crystal Palace. The 25-year-old has impressed at both left and right back for the Eagles this season. Ward has played every minute of the Premier League .
Barcelona host Paris Saint-Germain in the Champions League quarter-final on Tuesday. Luis Suarez will be at the Parc des Princes, but the focus will be on Edinson Cavani. PSG have been stripped by suspension of two key players, Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Marco Veratti, and Thiago Motta is injured .
Nico Rosberg finished second at the Chinese Grand Prix after Lewis Hamilton won the race . The German driver was angry with his team-mate after he slowed down to pass Sebastian Vettel . Rosberg claimed Hamilton had acted 'selfishly' in slowing down . Hamilton denied he had done anything wrong following the incident  .
Niki Lauda is fully expecting Nico Rosberg to turn 'nasty' at some stage . Lewis Hamilton claimed his fourth Chinese Grand Prix victory and 35th of his Formula One career. Rosberg accused Hamilton of selfishness during the post-race press conference . The German finished behind his team-mate on Sunday .
Lewis Hamilton won the Chinese Grand Prix to extend his lead at the top of the Formula One world championship . Nico Rosberg finished second with Sebastian Vettel third for Ferrari . Rosberg hit out at his Mercedes team-mate in the press conference following the race, claiming he had scuppered his race.
Renault suffered two engine failures in Sunday's Chinese Grand Prix. Red Bull's Daniil Kvyat and Toro Rosso's Max Verstappen were forced out of the race. Renault managing director Cyril Abiteboul understands Red Bull owner Dietrich Mateschitz's frustrations and vows 'no surrender' .
Vincent Kompany was subject of an inquiry from Sir Alex Ferguson when he was 17-years-old. The Manchester City captain says his mother insisted he finish school before moving to England. Click here for more Manchester City news.
Manchester City players will lose £500,000-a-man in bonuses if they fail to qualify for the Champions League. Manuel Pellegrini's team are on incentivised contracts to stay within financial fairplay rules. City are in fourth place in the Premier League .
Cesc Fabregas scored in the 88th minute to secure all three points for Chelsea at Loftus Road. The goal extended Chelsea's lead at the top of the Premier League to seven points over Arsenal. Chelsea had only one shot on target, an improbable statistic for a team that can call upon the dancing feet of Hazard, Willian, Oscar andFabregas. Click here for all the latest Chelsea news .
Cesc Fabregas wore a protective mask during Chelsea's 1-0 win over QPR on Sunday. The Spaniard broke his nose against Stoke City last Saturday and suffered a knock to the face. The mask was made by an orthopedic centre in Milan and branded with his initial and squad number 'C4' for the game .
Toby Alderweireld joined Southampton on a season-long loan from Atletico Madrid last summer. The Belgian defender has been in superb form for Ronald Koeman's side this season. Manchester City and Tottenham have been linked with the 26-year-old.
Manchester United Under 18s beat Altrincham City 1-0 in 'mini-derby' Callum Gribbin scored the only goal of the game with a delightful free-kick  .
Richie Benaud was the voice of cricket for generations, commentating in his native Australia and for the BBC. He played in 64 Tests and captained Australia to world dominance in the 1950s and 60s. Benaud, 84, was the first cricketer to score 2,000 runs and take 200 wickets in Tests .
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott has offered Richie Benaud's family a state funeral. Benaud died on Wednesday at the age of 84 following a battle with skin cancer. He was the first cricketer to score 2,000 runs and take 200 wickets in Tests. State funerals in Australia are generally reserved for politicians before Don Bradman .
Richie Benaud has died at the age of 84 after a short battle with skin cancer. Sportsmail recalls 10 of Benaud's finest moments from his broadcasting career. CLICK HERE for all the latest cricket news .
Richie Benaud has died at the age of 84 after a battle with skin cancer. Benaud was one of cricket's great personalities and will be remembered for his dry wit and knowledge. He was Australia captain and first cricketer to score 2,000 runs.
Former Australia captain and broadcaster Richie Benaud has died at the age of 84. Shane Warne hails Benaud as the 'godfather of cricket' Benaud was a trailblazing all-rounder who took 228 wickets and scored 2,201 runs in 68 Tests while never losing a series.
Michael Vaughan has emerged as the favourite to replace Paul Downton as director of England cricket. The 2005 Ashes winning captain spoke to the ECB about the role on Thursday. Andrew Strauss and Alec Stewart are also in the frame for the role  .
Kevin Pietersen has been named in Surrey's 13-man squad to play Oxford University. The 34-year-old has not played first-class cricket since being axed by England after last year's Ashes whitewash.
Lancashire have signed James Faulkner as their overseas player for the bulk of this summer. Australia World Cup winner will join up with Lancashire after his Indian Premier League commitments to replace Peter Siddle.
Jacques Burger received a one-week ban for striking Racing Metro scrum-half Maxime Machenaud. The Namibia flanker will be available to play in Saracens' semi-final against Clermont Auvergne on April 18. Burger will miss the Aviva Premiership clash with play-off rivals Leicester at Allianz Park on Saturday .
Owen Farrell is hoping to be fit for Saracens' Champions Cup semi-final clash against Clermont Auvergne. The fly-half suffered a knee ligament injury against the same opponents in January. Farrell missed the entire RBS 6 Nations with Bath's George Ford filling the number 10 shirt  .
Elliot Daly named Aviva Premiership player of the month for March. The 22-year-old scored two tries as Wasps maintained on course for Champions Cup spot. Daly looks set to be called into England's World Cup squad.
Harry Kane captained Tottenham for the first time against Burnley on Easter Sunday. The 21-year-old scored within seconds of his England debut against Lithuania on March 27. He made his first international start against Italy on Tuesday against Italy .
Sunderland beat Newcastle United 1-0 in the Tyne-Wear derby at the Stadium of Light. Jermain Defoe scored the only goal of the game in the second half. Newcastle have now lost five in a row in the derby .
Adam Johnson, 27, accused of three offences of sexual activity with a child under 16 and one of grooming. He will appear at Peterlee Magistrates' Court on May 20 and the case will then be transferred to crown court. Johnson has represented England at senior level 12 times .
Tareq Kamleh has been hailed the 'new face' of the latest Islamic State propaganda video. The doctor, identified as 'Abu Yusuf', is shown handling babies in a maternity unit. The video shows him wearing western-style blue surgical scrubs and a stethoscope. KamleH was known to practice medicine in Adelaide, Mackay and finally in Perth. He completed his medical degree at Adelaide University before joining IS .
Xherdan Shaqiri joined Inter Milan from Bayern Munich in January for £12million. The Swiss midfielder has been dropped to the bench by Roberto Mancini in recent weeks. Click here for more news.
Champions League semi-final between Juventus and Real Madrid has been likened to a pair of films. Italians have a plan to beat the holders while Spain is holding out for a Clasico final. Pep Guardiola faces an emotional return to the Nou Camp.
Tito Vilanova died aged 45 on April 25 last year after a long battle with parotid gland cancer. Vilanova was Pep Guardiola's assistant during a golden spell for the club when they won three La Liga titles.
Flames could be seen coming from the engine as the plane circled above Istanbul Ataturk Airport. The Airbus A320 aircraft was forced to make an emergency landing after the right side landing gear collapsed. The plane was quickly evacuated on landing and no injuries reported.
Smita Srivastava currently holds the record for having the longest hair in India. Her hair now stands at 7ft (2.1m), more than three inches longer than the height of the average basketball player.
The rubber drain cover had been kicked out of position in Peterborough, Cambridgeshire. Firefighters worked with police and ambulance staff to free the boy, a pupil at Stanground Academy.
Ross Barkley has been linked with a move to Manchester City this summer. Gareth Barry believes the 21-year-old is still too young to decide on his future. Barry spent four seasons at the Etihad before joining Everton .
Ronnie O'Sullivan has admitted he would 'love' to be the presenter of Top Gear. The five-time world snooker champion is looking for his sixth world title at the Crucible this week .
Eden Hazard is poised to win PFA Player of the Year as Chelsea storm towards the Premier League title. Gary Neville says Hazard must make himself a killer or a bully to defenders if he is to be considered among the best in the world. Neville says Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi are 'in outer space' .
Ashley Young believes Manchester United will challenge for the Premier League title next season. United currently sit third in the table, 11 points behind leaders Chelsea. Young has praised Louis van Gaal's desire to bring back success to the club .
Prime Minister said he was a West Ham fan, despite previously supporting Aston Villa. Cameron said: 'You can support Man Utd, the West Indies and Team GB all at the same time - of course I'd rather you supported West Ham'
Diego Costa has not featured for Chelsea since going off injured against Stoke on April 4. Jose Mourinho said on Friday that he would make a late decision on Costa’s fitness. Loic Remy is also out of the match leaving Didier Drogba.
Ann Price was the owner of Ann's Snack Bar in Atlanta. The Wall Street Journal named her signature 'Ghetto Burger,' a double cheeseburger with bacon, grilled onions, ketchup, mustard and chili, the best in America in 2007.
Jack Grealish will decide his international future at the end of the season after overtures from Ireland and England. The 19-year-old has met Martin O'Neill and held a friendly chat with Roy Keane. The Aston Villa forward won the country's Under-21 player of the year award in Dublin last month   .
Ana Ivanovic, Caroline Wozniacki, Sabine Lisicki, and Angelique Kerber attended opening ceremony. Maria Sharapova has won the Stuttgart event for the last three years in a row.
Ronaldo and Zinedine Zidane took part in the 12th annual Match Against Poverty in Saint-Etienne. The match was played at the Stade Geoffroy-Guichard Stadium in the South of France on Monday night . Clarence Seedorf, Fabian Barthez, Jay-Jay Okocha and Gianluca Zambrotta also played. Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang scored a hat-trick for Fort Lauderdale .
David Ospina was lucky not to concede a penalty after clattering into Oscar in the first half. Olivier Giroud had little joy up front as Arsenal struggled to break down Chelsea's defence. Nacho Monreal, Nemanja Matic and Cesar Azpilicueta all impressed for Jose Mourinho's side. Eden Hazard and Cesc Fabregas both had quiet nights .
Eugenie Bouchard refused to shake the hand of Alexandra Dulgheru before Fed Cup match at the weekend. The 21-year-old was mocked at home and abroad over the handshake controversy. Click here for more tennis news .
Wayne Rooney, David de Gea and Ashley Young met sick supporters at Manchester United's training ground. The trio were part of the Manchester United Foundation 'Dream Day' on behalf of the foundation on Monday .
Liverpool have agreed a new three-year kit sponsorship deal with Standard Chartered Bank. The current deal will run through to the end of the 2018-19 season. The deal is believed to be worth around £20million a season .
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao are less than two weeks away from facing each other in the richest fight in history. Both fighters spent time with those closest to them over the weekend. Mayweather andPacquiao will weigh in at 154lb on Friday.
West Ham's season tickets will cost as little as £289 when they move to the Olympic Stadium. Co-chairmen David Gold and David Sullivan will use enhanced TV revenue to pass on savings to fans. The lowest priced basic adult season ticket will cost £289, the price for under 16s will be cut to just £99.
Lewis Hamilton secured his third grand prix win of the season in Bahrain on Sunday. His brother Nicolas is preparing to become the first disabled competitor to compete in the British Touring Car Championship. Lewis Hamilton's next race is the Spanish Grand Prix on May 10.
Aston Villa beat Liverpool 2-1 in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Sunday. Jack Grealish played a starring role in both goals as Villa reached their first FA Cup final since 2000. The 19-year-old wore his socks rolled down to show he is unafraid of taking hits. Click here for more Aston Villa news.
The video, allegedly shot near the capital of Sanaa, shows some 20 men wearing desert camouflage uniforms. They carry out a carefully choreographed rifle routine in the sand. Soldiers of the Caliphate in Yemen began to emerge late last year and aim is to take over Al Qaeda. Last month, ISIS-related group claimed responsibility for series of suicide bomb attacks at two mosques in Sanaa .
The plus-size model designed the line in collaboration with US brand Swimsuits For All. The eco-friendly collection is made entirely of 100 per cent recycled material. Inspired by the ocean with coral reef designs.
Abby Bishop's life completely changed when she took in her niece Zala in August 2013. Now Zala is 20 months old and she follows Bishop as she travels the world playing for professional teams. Zala will go with Bishop to the U.S. this May when she starts playing basketball.
Daley Blind was given a self-portrait of himself and his father as a late birthday present. The Manchester United star posted a picture of the painting on his Instagram account. CLICK HERE for all the latest Manchester United news.
Former two-weight world champion David Haye was stopped at Dubai International Airport. He was accused of writing a £341,000 cheque as payment for a new property which bounced. The 34-year-old was reportedly taken to Bur Dubai police station, which has a department for bounced cheque suspects, and released the same day.
Six Chelsea players have been named in the PFA Premier League team of the year. Eden Hazard, Nemanja Matic, Cesc Fabregas, Branislav Ivanovic and Ryan Bertrand all start the season as Blues players. Harry Kane is the only English attacking player in the XI.
Javier Hernandez scored twice in Real Madrid's 4-2 win over Celta Vigo on Sunday night. The on-loan Manchester United striker has now scored six goals in eight games. Carlo Ancelotti says Hernandez is undroppable on current form .
Live video streaming apps such as Periscope and Meerkat allow users to broadcast live video online. Broadcasters could miss out on millions if viewers stream Mayweather vs Pacquiao for free. HBO issued take down notices last week after Game of Thrones season five premiere was streamed online. Twitter's terms of service claims it does not support copyright infringement, but relies on users alerting it .
Juventus midfielder Andrea Pirlo scored a stunning free-kick in the first-half against Torino. Matteo Darmian equalised for the home side just before the interval. Fabio Quagliarella completed the shock comeback around the hour mark . Click here for more Juventus news.
Ronnie O'Sullivan made a rude gesture during his second round match against Matthew Stevens. The five-time world champion was also spoken to by the referee Olivier Marteel. The warning could be the end of Sunday's matter .
Arsenal drew 0-0 with Chelsea at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday. Cesc Fabregas was booed by Arsenal fans when he was substituted in the final minute. Arsenal are third in the Premier League, level on points with Manchester City. Arsene Wenger's side have improved defensively this season .
Ronnie O'Sullivan was forced into borrowing a pair of shoes from a member of the Crucible audience . The Rocket raced into a 7-2 lead in his first match at this year's Betfred World Championship . Five-time champion could now face a fine after breaching snooker's strict dress code  .
England's national saint's day, St George's Day, falls on April 23. Harry Kane, Rio Ferdinand, Gary Cahill, Nathaniel Clyne, Charlie Austin and Peter Crouch all posted messages of celebration on Twitter.
Manchester United lost 3-0 to Everton at Goodison Park on Sunday. Goals from James McCarthy, John Stones and Kevin Mirallas condemned United to their third successive Premier League defeat. Louis van Gaal accused his players of lacking desire after the match and criticised their performance.
Manchester United lost 3-0 to Everton at Goodison Park on Sunday afternoon. Louis van Gaal said his players could not match Everton's commitment. Chris Smalling said United were 'second best from first minute until last' at Goodisons Park.
Real Madrid beat Atletico Madrid 1-0 in Champions League quarter-final second leg on Wednesday. Cristiano Ronaldo's free-kick hit a young supporter in the Bernabeu crowd. Ronaldo removed his training shirt to give the supporter a warm-up shirt before the game.
Jose Mourinho has hit out at Arsenal's 11-year wait for the Premier League title. Chelsea drew 0-0 with Arsenal at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday . The Blues are 10 points clear of Manchester City at the top of the table with five games to play. Arsene Wenger accused Chelsea of being purposefully defensive during the goalless draw .
Franck Ribery, Mehdi Benatia, David Alaba and Arjen Robben all missed Bayern Munich's Champions League clash with Porto. Pep Guardiola's side raced into a 5-0 lead at half-time before claiming a 6-1 victory to win the tie 7-4 on aggregate.
Manchester United lost 2-0 to Everton at Goodison Park on Sunday afternoon. Wayne Rooney was replaced by Robin van Persie in the 88th minute. Louis van Gaal says it is too early to know the severity of the England international's knee injury  .
Pep Guardiola wore a t-shirt demanding justice for Jorge 'El Topo' Lopez who died in a car crash at the World Cup. The Bayern Munich manager wore the shirt during a pre-match press conference. The message read '#JusticiaParaTopo' and appeared to support a campaign to investigate Lopez's death. UEFA have charged Guardiola .
Harry Kane has scored 30 goals in all competitions for Tottenham this season. The 21-year-old has also scored on his senior England debut. Kane has been in superb form despite starting the campaign as third-choice striker. Click here for more Tottenham news.
Oscar was substituted by Didier Drogba at half-time of Sunday's London derby against Arsenal. Jose Mourinho said the Brazilian was taken off due to 'possible concussion' Oscar was clattered into by Arsenal goalkeeper David Ospina in the 16th minute at the Emirates Stadium   .
Leicester Tigers beat London Welsh 38-17 in Saturday's Aviva Premiership clash. Chris Hala'ufia was sent off for a brutal attack on Laurence Pearce. The Tongan number eight halted Pearce with a shoulder charge and then shoved his head into the ground. Click here for more Premiership news .
Emerald green, diamond encrusted belt was unveiled by World Boxing Council president Mauricio Sulaiman. Current WBC light heavyweight champion Adonis Stevenson was also on hand as the $1million creation was put on show. Boxing fans worldwide voted for the traditional emerald green belt, which will be handed to the winner of the mega-fight.
Angelique Kerber beat Caroline Wozniacki 3-6, 6-1, 7-5 to win the Porsche Grand Prix in Stuttgart. The German came from a set down to win her second title of the season. Click here for more tennis news  .
Cesc Fabregas is set to start against his former club at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday. The Chelsea midfielder has been enjoying an impressive return to English football in the Premier League. Arsenal Fan TV favourite Claude Callegari wants the flag taken down from the Ken Friar Bridge. Fellow Arsenal fan Ty argues that the flag should be taken down .
Arsenal winger Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain and Chelsea defender Gary Cahill pitted themselves against Jack Nowell of Exeter Chiefs and Bath's George Ford at England Rugby's training centre in Bagshot. England stars of both sporting persuasions took part .
Tiger Woods and Yao Ming met up at Nike's headquarters in Shanghai for a golfing lesson. The former NBA star dwarfed by the 7ft 6in former Houston Rockets centre as he got to grips with swing.
Chelsea fans set off blue smoke bombs and covered the Arsenal sign outside the Emirates Stadium. The group called themselves the 'C-Team' while wearing Jose Mourinho, Diego Costa, Didier Drogba and Cesc Fabregas masks .
Ian Poulter shared an Instagram picture of what looked like a painful acupuncture session. The English golfer has used the alternative medicine technique to aid his recovery in the past. Robin van Persie uses fluid from a horse placentage to aid with his recovery .
Australian jockey Blake Shinn suffered an unfortunate wardrobe malfunction while racing on Thursday. The 27-year-old bared all to those at the Hyland Race Colours Plate in Canterbury, Australia. Shinn's elastic in his pants gave way during the race.
The man, known only as Jason, from Vancouver, uploaded the clip to YouTube after his wife filmed the stomach-churning moment. He explains exactly how he will pop the grape-sized growth on his wrist. His sister in law hammers the needle deeper into the cyst with a screwdriver .
Bayern Munich beat Porto 6-1 in the Champions League on Tuesday night. Pep Guardiola ripped a hole in his trousers during the match at the Allianz Arena. The Bayern boss joked: 'I'll have to buy new ones for next match'
All 16 teams in with a shout of the championship in Algeria's Championnat National de Premiere Division. Just 11 points separate leaders ES Setif and bottom-placed NA Hussein Dey. Last year's champions USM Algier are just four points off the top.
Daniel Sturridge may not play again this season because of a series of calf and thigh injuries. Brendan Rodgers insists he will do 'what is in the best interest of Daniel Sturridge' Liverpool face Hull City at the KC Stadium on Tuesday night. CLICK HERE for all the latest Liverpool news .
George Groves will fight Badou Jack for the WBC world super-middleweight title this summer. The 27-year-old took to Instagram to reveal his winning bet on Jack to beat Anthony Dirrell. Jack beat Dirrell on points on Friday night at the UIC Pavilion in Chicago . Groves is the mandatory challenger for the title and will face Jack later this year.
Floyd Mayweather pays up to $1,000 per plate for food cooked by Chef Q. Adrien Broner was invited to Mayweather's mansion for a feast by the 'KitchenBeast' Quiana Jeffries, also known as Chef Q, has been cooking for the undefeated boxer. Mayweather faces Manny Pacquiao at the MGM in Las Vegas in the biggest fight in boxing history on Saturday night  .
Didier Drogba's charity ball at London's swanky Dorchester Hotel raised £400,000 for his Foundation. The Ivorian striker hosted the event after Chelsea's 1-0 win over Manchester United on Saturday night. The money will go towards opening a medical clinic in Abidjan, Ivory Coast later this year. Chelsea team-mates Petr Cech, Eden Hazard and Branislav Ivanovic attended .
Aston Villa beat Liverpool 1-0 in the FA Cup final at Wembley on Sunday. Steven Gerrard was poor throughout the game, but Brendan Rodgers must take the blame. Liverpool have won 12 of 31 games when Gerrard has started this season, compared to 13 of 21 when he hasn't. Click here for more Liverpool news.
Manchester United remain favourites to sign Memphis Depay from PSV Eindhoven. Liverpool have been given permission by PSV to hold talks with the Holland international. Brendan Rodgers insists Liverpool's transfer ambitions will not be compromised by their inability to offer Champions League football  .
James McCarthy opened the scoring for Everton in the fifth minute after a blistering counter-attack. John Stones doubled the visitors' lead with a superb header in the 35th minute. Kevin Mirallas rounded off a brilliant display of counter-attacking football to round off the win for Roberto Martinez's side. Louis van Gaal's side had appealed for offside against Romelu Lukaku in the first half .
David Beckham's son Romeo completed the London mini-marathon on Sunday. The 12-year-old completed the three-mile race raising £6,000 for charity. Romeo wore race number 1081 and represented Kensington and Chelsea.
John Terry has warned Arsenal they will not win the Premier League playing 'tippy-tappy football' Chelsea drew 0-0 with Arsenal at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday. Jose Mourinho's side were booed off the pitch by home fans following the draw. CLICK HERE for all the latest Chelsea news.
MGM Grand expects 50,000 people each day to pass through for Friday's weigh-in and Saturday's fight. The hotel resort on the Las Vegas strip will host the biggest boxing contest ever on Saturday night. A convoy of trucks is already delivering the first consignments of half a million bottles of Budweiser, Miller Lite, Corona and Tecate. The majority of rooms on the Strip are reserved for proven high-rollers .
Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho watched Fulham Under 21s lose 3-0 to Porto U21s on Wednesday. Real Madrid beat Atletico Madrid 1-0 in Champions League quarter-final second leg. Mourinho avoided the Champions League fixtures as he visited Motspur Park .
Edinson Cavani visited a local zoo after PSG's 2-0 defeat by Barcelona. The Uruguayan has struggled in the shadow of Zlatan Ibrahimovic at PSG this season. Manchester United are said to be monitoring Cavani's situation closely .
St Mirren skipper Steven Thompson accidentally speared John McGinn with a pole in training last week. The Scotland Under 21 player is now on crutches and will miss the rest of the season. Thompson scored two goals against Kilmarnock on Saturday.
Paula Radcliffe ran a time of 2:36.55 in her final competitive race on Sunday. The 41-year-old had barely run since February due to injury. The world record holder for 12 years said the time was irrelevant in the race. Radcliffe said the magic of London helped her run faster than she was capable of .
Bayern Munich legend Franz Beckenbauer believes Jurgen Klopp could succeed Pep Guardiola at the Allianz Arena. Klopp has confirmed he will be leaving Borussia Dortmund in the summer. Bayern Munich face Barcelona in the Champions League .
Liverpool fans are planning a protest over the rising cost of tickets in the Premier League. Hull City charged Liverpool fans £50 to go to The KC Stadium on Tuesday night. Last season, the same seats were sold for £35  .
Bayern Munich beat Porto 6-1 in Champions League quarter-final second leg at the Allianz Arena. Thomas Muller scored his 27th goal in the Champions League on Tuesday night. The World Cup winner became the highest-scoring German in the competition .
England flanker James Haskell posted a photo of himself dressed as Iron Man on Instagram. The London Wasps captain returned to the club where he started his career for the 2012 season. Haskell has 57 England caps .
Andy Carroll posted a picture on Instagram showing him posing on an over-sized throne. The West Ham striker suffered torn ligaments in his left knee against Southampton. Carroll will not have a break over the summer due to injury.
Wladimir Klitschko beat Bryant Jennings on points at Madison Square Garden on Saturday night. The IBF, WBA and WBO world heavyweight champion has confirmed Tyson Fury will be his next opponent. The Ukrainian says he is ready to travel to England to face Fury in the summer .
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao are nine days away from meeting in Las Vegas. Carey watched Mayweather beat Shane Mosley at the MGM Grand in 2010. Mayweather will make the short trip from his gym to MGM Grand next week.
Mick Schumacher Junior is part of the Dutch Van Amersfoort Racing team in the 2015 ADAC Formula 4 series. The 16-year-old finished second in the world, European and German karting championships last season. He will start 19th in the 38-car grid in Saturday's first race at the Motorsport Arena Oschersleben  .
Sergio Aguero and Marco Reus went head-to-head to help launch the new Puma evoSpeed 1.3 Graphic. The Manchester City striker scored twice to put himself 3-2 up against the Borussia Dortmund winger at the Etihad .
Chelsea beat Arsenal 0-0 at the Emirates on Saturday to move one step closer to the Premier League title. Jose Mourinho's side have proved once again that a solid back four is the bedrock of any title challenge. Sportsmail takes a look at the best defences in Premier League history. Click here for all the latest Chelsea news .
Rory McIlroy was a guest at a junior invitational in Graniteville, South Carolina. He met Brad Dalke and the pair agreed to an arm wrestle. Dalke will join Oklahoma University in the autumn after finishing high school a year early .
John Terry has played in all 33 Premier League games for Chelsea so far this season. The 34-year-old has played 2,970 minutes, scoring three goals along the way . Terry made 37 Premier League appearances during Chelsea's 2009-10 title winning season .
Real Madrid beat Celta Vigo 4-2 in their La Liga clash at the Bernabe Camp. Nolito opened the scoring before Toni Kroos and Javier Hernandez doubled Real's lead. Santi Mina pulled one back for Celta before James Rodriguez made it 3-2 before half-time. James Rodriguez scored a late consolation to make it 4-3. Carlo Ancelotti's side are now just two points behind league leaders Barcelona at the top .
Javier Hernandez scored twice as Real Madrid beat Celta Vigo 4-2 at the Bernabeu on Sunday night. The Manchester United loanee has now scored six goals in eight starts for Real Madrid this season. Nolito opened the scoring for the visitors after nine minutes but Toni Kroos equalised for Carlo Ancelotti's side. Santi Mina put the visitors back in front on the half-hour mark with a header from a rebound . Hernandez scored his second and James Rodriguez's deflected shot made it 3-2 in the second half .
Kei Nishikori beat Pablo Andujar 6-4 6- 4 in the final of the Barcelona Open on Sunday. It was the ninth career title for the top-seeded Japanese. Gerard Pique and Shakira were in the stands to watch the final .
The PFA Premier League Team of the Year was unveiled on Sunday night at a glitzy ceremony in London. Eden Hazard, winner of the individual prize, made the side for the third straight season. Manchester City's Sergio Aguero replaces Diego Costa up front in the EA Sports XI .
Eden Hazard, Diego Costa, John Terry, Gary Cahill, Nemanja Matic and Branislav Ivanovic named in best XI. Chelsea have six players named in the PFA Premier League Team of the Year. Liverpool top the table with 75 representatives in the best XI since Premier League began in 1992.
Swansea City striker Bafetimbi Gomis has been recovering from a hamstring injury in France. The French forward suffered the injury during the 1-1 draw with Everton earlier this month. The 29-year-old has been spending time with his family .
Moshin Tanveer, who suffers from Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy, handed Louis van Gaal a list of potential targets. Dutchman reads out the names of Mats Hummels, Gareth Bale, Paul Pogba, Memphis Depay and Jackson Martinez at Manchester United fan day.
Thierry Henry believes Arsenal need a goalkeeper, centre back, defensive midfielder and striker in the summer. The Frenchman also hit out at Olivier Giroud after Arsenal's goalless draw with Chelsea. Arsenal are third in the Premier League, level on points with Manchester City but with a game in hand.
Manny Pacquiao faces Floyd Mayweather on May 2 in the highest grossing bout in history. Retailers are struggling to cope with demand from fans snapping up paraphernalia. Online and front-end retailers seeing record sales of T-shirts and gloves.
Mondrian dress, £220, josephribkoff.com. Suede courts, £195, lkbennett.com . Sandals, £34, office.co.uk.uk .
The USA have unveiled their new kits for the women's soccer team ahead of the World Cup hosted by Canada in June. The strips have caused a stir because of the decision to go with a black and white colour scheme .
Ivan Rakitic shared a picture of him with his wife and daughter on Instagram. Barcelona midfielder has been an integral part of Luis Enrique's side since signing from Sevilla. CLICK HERE for all the latest Barcelona news .
Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho left Didier Drogba on the bench against Arsenal without an orthodox striker. Eden Hazard, Willian and Oscar interchanged roles during the first half to great effect for their boss. The trio have an element of fantasy about their play but Mourinho wants function and results  .
Qatar won the final round of voting 14-8 against the USA in the executive committee ballot. Analysis suggests Qatar spent an astonishing £17.2 billion directly and indirectly on the way to victory. Much of this outlay was on goods and services for Qatar - including aerospace orders, a football club, sponsorship agreements, land and exposure.
Adam Federici is due to marry girlfriend Micaela Gardner in Florence on the same weekend as the FA Cup final. Arsenal beat Reading 2-1 in extra-time to reach the final at Wembley on Saturday. Federici left the pitch in tears after fumbling Alexis Sanchez shot .
Edinson Cavani has been linked with a move to Manchester United. Louis van Gaal may have been put off by Radamel Falcao's loan spell at Old Trafford. Cavani hasn't scored as many goals as he should in the French league .
Manny Pacquiao appeared in a hilarious advert for Foot Locker ahead of his showdown with Floyd Mayweather. The Filipino joked in an advert back in November about fighting Mayweather before the contract was signed. The 41-second advert was released before an agreement was reached for the Las Vegas mega-fight. Click here for more .
Aston Villa beat Liverpool 2-1 in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley Stadium on Sunday. Philippe Coutinho fired Liverpool ahead with a smart chip before Christian Benteke equalised. Fabian Delph scored a solo effort to put Tim Sherwood's side into the lead in the second half .
The Apple Watch Sport model has an Ion-X glass display which is supposed to be 'resistant to scratches and impact' In a video, TechRax drops the 42mm timepiece from a height of four feet (1.2 metres) It survived unscathed despite a nasty ‘crack’ noise when it hit the pavement. But when it landed on its face, the screen shattered instantly. Damage to the screen, such as chips, scratches or indeed shattering, is not covered by the watch's warranty .
New England Patriots beat Seattle Seahawks 28-24 to win Super Bowl XLIX in February. Patriots visited White House to receive congratulations from President Barack Obama. But there was one notable absence with quarterback Tom Brady nowhere to be seen.
Mario Balotelli failed to impress during Liverpool's 0-0 draw with West Brom. Chelsea's settled defence has been key to Jose Mourinho's success this season. Robert Huth has played a major role in Leicester's recent run of positive results. Nathan Dyer showed Swansea what he can do.
Watford beat Brighton 2-0 at the Amex Stadium on Saturday to secure promotion to the Premier League. Middlesbrough lost 4-3 to Fulham at Craven Cottage and Norwich lost to Rotherham. Watford players celebrate wildly on the team-bus as results from other games come through. Click here for more .
Barcelona midfielder Xavi made 148th Champions League appearance against PSG on Tuesday night. Xavi also set the record for the most appearances in the knockout phase of the competition. Real Madrid goalkeeper Iker Casillas can equal Xavi's total in both Champions League games and knockout matches .
Rory McIlroy replaced Tiger Woods as the cover star for EA Sports PGA Tour video games this year. The latest version of the long-running game series features a number of new features, including enhanced ball physics.
The F1 world champion was spotted on the Rome set for the comedy sequel. He was sat front row with Olivia Munn and chatted in between takes on Friday. Scene looked like Ben Stiller's male model was taking part in a catwalk show with Owen Wilson.
The SPFL are entitled to take 50 per cent of the gate proceeds from the six play-off ties. Motherwell want to offer free entry to the Premiership play-offs for season-ticket holders. Rangers and Hibernian are backing them.
Manchester City want Jason Denayer to spend next season on loan in the Championship. The 19-year-old has been in impressive form for Celtic since joining on loan. John Guidetti faces disciplinary action after singing an offensive song .
The steel gate at Border Field State Park in California, which was put in place in the mid-1990s, was unlocked by officials in honor of Children's Day, a Mexican holiday that celebrates youngsters and family. For selected families, it was a long-awaited, intense experience. Two young boys reportedly fell to their knees as they crossed into Mexico and saw their cherished mother for the first time in two years. Many of the families were separated when relatives were deported to Mexico after living in the U.S.
43% of voters think Ed Miliband 'comes across as wanting to win the most' when compared to David Cameron. Only 25% think he wants to win most, compared to 43% who think he is most up for the fight. Opinion polls continue to suggest result too close.
Karen Danczuk said women were turned off politics because there was no-one in Parliament like them. She said Parliament needed people like her ‘to bring it back down to reality’. The 31-year-old became a hit on Twitter after posting provocative photos of herself on Twitter .
The London Borough of Barking and Dagenham wants dog owners to submit a DNA sample from the inside of the animal's cheek. The council would then use stored information to match the animal responsible with any errant mess. The lab testing is believed to be 99.9 per cent accurate.
Philip Dunning, 44, from Bo'ness, West Lothian, made the decision to give notice as shift manager within hours. He went in for his 4am shift at Caledonia Produce the next day and told his boss he was quitting .
Chris O'Dowd's three-month-old son was frisked while passing through security at Gatwick Airport. The Bridesmaids star expressed his frustration with staff, who also threw out the child's bottle, in a tweet.
Saskia's boyfriend made her sit a test quizzing her about his favourite football club. The test took the form of a school exam, with multiple choice questions and tables. She scored an impressive 87 per cent, but her boyfriend didn't dump her. Some Twitter users hailed the unnamed boyfriend as a 'legend'
Goncalo Amaral had been on trial over claims he made in a book and a documentary that the couple were involved in Madeleine's disappearance. Lisbon court agreed that Amaral should pay Mr and Mrs McCann €250,000 (£179,000) each in damages. Also banned further sales of his book The Truth Of The Lie  .
Ronald Butcher left his entire £500,000 fortune to Daniel Sharp after he died in March 2013. The builder became friends with Mr Butcher after clearing his gutters for free six years before his death. Evelyn Hutchins and Peter Rogers were expected to inherit the bulk of the fortune. But they discovered they had been disinherited after Mr Butcher's death .
Ousman Jatta, 45, married wife Beryl, 88, in Gambia 13 years ago and moved back to the UK with her in 2006. He took her to a care home in February while he went to Africa for three weeks. When he returned he was told social services had intervened and ruled she could not go home with him   .
James Rodriguez opens the scoring for Real Madrid with a stunning left-footed volley. Cristiano Ronaldo has already had two shots for the hosts, with Ronaldo having the latest two. Almeria have won two out of their last three and are trying to bring some confidence into this one. Carlo Anotti has made nine changes to his starting line-up. Real Madrid have scored 21 goals in their last four games against the visitors, 8-1 at the Bernabeu two years ago . Real have completed 184 passes so far today, which is a decent stat given it's not even half time yet . James is clipped from 30 yards out and Ronaldo is licking his lips . Ronaldo, Dani Caralajillas, Sergio Ramos, Pepe Krora and Sergio Ramos all start .
Indonesian attorney-general H.M. Prasetyo praised the firing squad that executed Bali Nine pair Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran. He said that the executions were 'much better than the first round of executions in January' . The executions were necessary to fight drug crime in the country, he said . He dismissed Australia's withdrawal of its ambassador as a 'momentary reaction' to the executions   .
Rodrigo Gularte, 42, asked 'Am I being executed?' as he was being chained up to be transported to the jungle clearing on Nusakambangan island. Father Charlie Burrows said he talked to Gularte for an hour and a half late on Tuesday night to prepare him for the executions, but the convicted drug trafficker was confused.
Arshdeep Kaur, 14, and her mother Shinder, 38, were travelling from their home in Punjab to visit relatives. Group of about half a dozen men began harassing them on near-empty bus near Moga. Passengers and bus staff joined in sexual assault, and Arshdeep later died in hospital .
Jeffrey Okafor, 24, is accused of stabbing Carl Beatson-Asiedu to death outside a nightclub in 2009. The 19-year-old victim, known as DJ Charmz, had been leaving the Club Life Nightclub in Vauxhall's Goding Street, in London, with a group of friends.
Danny Alexander released details of what he claimed are secret plans to cut Child Benefit and Child Tax Credits. The Prime Minister 'flatly rejected' the plans, claiming they were drawn up by civil servants. But the Lib Dems hit back, claiming Mr Cameron himself had asked officials to examine ways to curb access to benefits. Conservatives angrily denied the specific proposals set out in the document revealed by Mr Alexander. But they remain under pressure to spell out how they will make savings from the benefits bill. Vince Cable claims the Tories have a 'nasty streak' as he warns workers have been hit hard by the coalition he served in. Nick Clegg says the Tories could not be 'bothered' to come clean about their plans .
Ronaldo Brown has signed for Oldham Athletic after being released by Liverpool. The 16-year-old is named after Brazil's former striker Ronaldo, who is pictured scoring in the 2002 World Cup. Click here for more news.
Ba Van Nguyen piloted a military helicopter to save his family during the fall of Saigon on April 30, 1975. He managed to fly a CH-47 Chinook, the largest helicopter in the South Vietnamese army, with his three young children and wife out of the city and into the South China Sea. The USS Kirk was not large enough to withstand the force of such a large helicopter, which would likely sink the ship and cause the death of everyone onboard. Nguyen then flew back out to sea and managed to pilot the helicopter alone, get out of his flight suit and jump into the water seconds before it crashed. Seconds later, he appeared in the water, wearing nothing but his boxer shorts and a shirt  .
Fourteen soldiers accused of abusing children as young as nine as they begged for something to eat. French president Francois Hollande said: 'If some soldiers have behaved badly, I will show no mercy' French defence ministry has vehemently denied covering up the scandal following revelations it was made aware of the allegations last year.
Crowds cheered as Pema Lama, 15, was pulled, dazed and dusty, from the rubble of a guesthouse in Kathmandu. He was carried out on a stretcher by medics who had placed an IV drip into his arm and a blue brace around his neck. His astonishing tale of survival came as a four-month-old baby was reunited with his mother after being rescued from their house. Mother Rasmila Awal thanked 'God and the rescuers' for saving the infant from death .
Five-month-old Sonit Awal was asleep upstairs in his family home when the quake struck. He was saved from death by a cupboard that fell on top of him protecting him from the rubble. Mother Rasmila Awal told MailOnline of her 'overwhelming joy' when rescuers finally arrived. The family are now homeless and living in a tarpulin opposite the wreckage.
Nicola Sturgeon warns Ed Miliband he will not be able to pass a Labour Budget unless he agrees to SNP demands. First Minister talked up her chances of being Westminster's king-maker following next week's election. Mr Miliband tonight ruled out formal deal with the resurgent Nationalists. But a vote-by-vote arrangement remains on the table .
Darren Stanton has become the UK's top human leading human lie detector and body expert. Appeared on ITV's This Morning to suss out when both Philip Schofield and Amanda Holden.
Ukip leader said he would accept the result and rejected claims his party would become 'redundant' as a result. Claimed the party could enjoy an SNP-style surge in support in the wake of a vote to remain in the EU. Comments come after David Cameron, Ed Miliband and Nick Clegg faced a live-TV grilling  .
Javier Hernandez has scored five goals in his last six games for Real Madrid. The 26-year-old has impressed in the last few weeks, scoring three goals in two games. Manchester United agreed a deal worth around £15million last summer to loan Hernandez for the season before buying him outright.
Carl Thompson, 32, has put on 30 stone in just three years and is now bed-bound at 65 stone . He is too heavy to walk or wash himself and lives alone in a flat in Dover, Kent . Lives off a combination of benefits and a disability allowance and spends £200 a week on takeaways . After the death of his mother in 2012 he turned to food as a means of coping with his grief . Has been admitted to hospital for heart attacks and septicemia in the last three years   .
Ukip leader will say boatloads of people trying to get to continent from North Africa could provide cover for jihadis. He will make comments in a debate at the European Parliament in Strasbourg today. Comes after more than 1,000 migrants drowned in the Mediterranean.
Home Secretary said new legislation urgently needed to update powers of MI5 and GCHQ. But, based on current polling, Parliament would be left deadlocked with balance of power held by Scottish nationalists. Mrs May said decision would be in hands of a minority Ed Miliband government propped up by SNP. Comments follow warning Labour might be unable to renew Trident deterrent.
Ukip leader says anti-English sentiment in Scotland is now the 'biggest' form of racism in the UK. Blames Alex Salmond for fuelling resentment between the English and Scots. Insists he is 'astonished' by how little clothing women in Newcastle wear on a night out. WARNING: GRAPHIC.
Rangers captain Lee McCulloch was booed for an error that led to a goal against Raith Rovers. Rangers manager Stuart McCall has had to get used to his players being booed. McCall hopes McCulloch will be the last.
Parliament's expenses watchdog launched bid to keep MPs' original claims secret. But Court of Appeal rules it must release all copies of receipts and invoices submitted by politicians. Comes six years after scandal.
Ten years ago, bartender Liz Clark swapped cleaning glasses for sailing around the world. The 34-year-old promised to document her travels on a Cal 40 sailboat after being handed inspiration from a retired professor. Liz has travelled 25,000 nautical miles.
Research carried out by the Forsa Institute found the number of people who considered the end of the conflict a defeat fell to just nine per cent. The findings have been published exactly 70 years after Hitler committed suicide in Berlin.
Kevin Morgan, 55, was injured when a Land Rover Discovery reversed into his stationary Rover 75 in 2005. Married engineer suffered whiplash, which developed into chronic pain syndrome and deep depression. Claims he is in too much pain to leave his home and only rarely leaves his home. But he was seen out walking, joking with a builder and fixing a light on his car in a coffee shop with friend Max Clifford .
Chernobyl was the site of a devastating nuclear explosion 29 years ago on April 26, 1986. Since then the site has been closed off to the world, with scientists saying it won't be habitable for humans for 20,000 years. But Bionerd, a 'superhero' scientist, has visited the site six times to measure the high levels of radiation still lingering in the air.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will fight on May 2 in Las Vegas. Tickets for the fight will go on sale at 8pm on Thursday after weeks of wrangling . Mayweather Promotions andPacquiao’s promoter Bob Arum have settled issues .
Emma Giffard, 36, and Ollie Halls, 37, from Somerset, bought the cinema for just £1,200 in 2005. They spent £35,000 restoring the vintage classic with friends in Devon over five years. They toured the country with it and starred alongside Melvyn Bragg in BBC2 series. Now they want to offload it so they can concentrate on being parents to children .
Charlie Patino, 11, is a talented midfielder at Luton Town's academy. Arsenal, Chelsea and Tottenham have all offered to give him a shot at the highest level. Charlie trains six times a week, spending more than 10 hours a week at the club. His style of play has been influenced by Barcelona .
Leon Osman, Phil Jagielka, Ross Barkley and Romelu Lukaku attended the annual 'Academy Day' at Finch Farm. Players from the under-6 to under-11 age groups joined the Blues' senior stars for a training session .
Ivan Rakitic and his wife Raquel Mauri posted a picture on Instagram of them relaxing at the beach. The pair married in 2013 and already have a son, Thiago. Lionel Messi has also confirmed he will soon be a father .
Floyd Mayweather takes on Manny Pacquiao in the Fight of the Century at the MGM Grand on May 2. Motown legend Gladys Knight posted a picture on Twitter with Mayweather during a training session. Mayweather thanked Knight for watching him in the gym earlier in the day.
Jack Wilshere posted a photo of his overflowing Waitrose shopping trolley on Instagram. The Arsenal midfielder shared the photo with his 891,000 followers on Monday. The 23-year-old is closing in on a return to full fitness .
Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain and Kieran Gibbs posed for a selfie with Tyga at the Emirates Stadium. Tyga has been in the headlines for dating the youngest Kardashian sister - 17-year-old Kylie Jenner .
Lionel Messi posted a picture on Instagram of his wife Antonella Roccuzzo kissing her stomach. The couple already know they are due to have a baby boy and have a name for him. The Barcelona star has his handprints tattooed.
Andy Murray and Amelie Mauresmo look likely to part ways when his coach gives birth in August. Murray will be replaced by Jonas Bjorkman in the lead-up to the US Open. The Scot is in Munich for the BMW Open this week .
Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao tickets went on sale on Thursday night. Only 500 tickets were on general sale with the rest distributed by the fighters, promoters, television networks Showtime and HBO and the MGM Grand. One fan, Ade Adebayo, 34, from Brighton was lucky enough to get hold of a ticket when they were released. Ade and his friends booked their trip to Las Vegas back in December in anticipation .
Adnan Januzaj turned up at the snooker World Championship in Sheffield on Wednesday. The Manchester United winger cheered on friend Shaun Murphy at the Crucible. Januzj turned out for Under 21s against Fulham on Tuesday night.
Theo Walcott has been named on the bench for 17 of Arsenal's 33 Premier League games this season. The 26-year-old will be hoping to make his first start since March 14 against West Ham. Arsenal face Hull City at the KC Stadium on Monday night. The Gunners face Aston Villa in the FA Cup final at Wembley on May 30.
Marouane Fellaini shared a glass of bubbly with his twin brother Mansour following Manchester United's 3-0 loss against Everton. The brothers were the subject of a mix-up involving Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho prior to the Blues' crunch clash with United at Stamford Bridge on April 18. Mourinho revealed he prepared his Chelsea players to deal with the threat of the Belgian all week - only to be told by a hotel doorman.
Lionel Messi, Neymar and Luis Suarez have scored 102 goals in all competitions this season. The trio have now reached a century of goals between them for the season. Barcelona thrashed Getafe 6-0 at the Nou Camp on Tuesday night to go five points clear in La Liga .
Sir Alex Ferguson spoke to John Parrott over a frame of snooker at the Crucible. The 73-year-old believes Cristiano Ronaldo is better than Lionel Messi as he could score for any team. The former Manchester United boss also revealed how he 'battered' Paul Ince at snookers before his former player blamed his wife for it .
Formula One star Jenson Button completed the London Marathon in under three hours. McLaren driver was running on behalf of the charity Cancer Research. The 35-year-old praised the 'amazing atmosphere' and collective spirit of the runners  .
Roger Federer believes Rafael Nadal is still the favourite for the French Open. Nadal suffered his earliest exit in 12 years at the Barcelona Open last week. World No 1 Novak Djokovic is 30-2 so far this season and has won three Masters titles.
Barcelona thrashed Getafe 6-0 at the Nou Camp on Tuesday night. Luis Suarez, Neymar Jnr and Lionel Messi scored three goals each. Neymar used the typically Argentine/Uruguayan expression 'dale' in reference to his two team-mates .
Addison Russell was batting for the Chicago Cubs in the seventh inning during his first game at Wrigley Field. The 21-year-old accidentally let the bat slip out of his fingers and struck a fan in the face. The fan suffered 'wounds' but was conscious .
Real Madrid beat Almeria 3-0 at the Bernabeu on Wednesday night. Martin Odegaard was named among the substitutes for the La Liga win. The 16-year-old will become Real Madrid's youngest ever player if he comes on. CLICK HERE for all the latest Real Madrid news .
Lewis Hamilton took his brother Nicolas out for a ride in his Shelby Cobra in LA. The Mercedes driver took time out from training ahead of the Spanish Grand Prix next week. Nicolas suffers from the neurological condition cerebral palsy.
Didier Drogba hits back at claims that Chelsea are boring with video of 'bin challenge' Chelsea face Leicester City at St George's Park on Wednesday night. Blues can wrap up Premier League title with two more wins against Leicester .
Robin van Persie scored twice as Manchester United Under 21s beat Fulham 4-1 at Craven Cottage. Holland striker has been sidelined with an ankle injury since February. Louis van Gaal's side are now four points clear at the top of the Under-21 Premier League table .
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will fight at the MGM Grand Garden Arena in Las Vegas on May 2. The fight is expected to earn at least $300million (£195m) with Mayweather receiving $180m (£117) andPacquiao $120m (£79m) Tecate have paid $5.6m (£3.7m) to become the official beer of the fight and the main ring mat sponsor of the bout   .
The BT Sport Industry Awards were held in Battersea on Thursday. AP McCoy, Jack Wilshere, Nathaniel Clyne and Ryan Bertrand among the sporting stars in attendance. McCoy was presented with a lifetime achievement award by Thierry Henry. Rebecca Adlington, Sam Warburton and David Weir also present .
Didier Drogba has been awarded with the Barclays Spirit of the Game trophy. The Chelsea forward set up the 'DidierDrogba Foundation in Africa' The 37-year-old hopes to inspire the next generation of footballers.
Daniel Sturridge was challenged to a dance-off by Kop Kids presenter Paisley in February. The Liverpool frontman was left red-faced by the talented youngster. Sturridge hinted that his next celebration could be called 'feed the ducks'
Floyd Mayweather fights Manny Pacquiao on May 2 in the richest fight in boxing history. But there are no tickets on sale for the mega-fight in Las Vegas. SeatGeek is selling 'spec tickets' for up to $30,000 (£20,000) for the MGM Grand Arena fight .
Floyd Mayweather will face Manny Pacquiao at the MGM Grand on May 2 in Las Vegas. Mayweather has defended his announcement that he feels he is The Best Ever ahead of the mega-fight. There were no apologies from Mayweather for claiming to be greater than Muhammad Ali in the Rumble in the Jungle.
Manny Pacquiao and Floyd Mayweather will fight on May 2 at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas. Top Rank promoter Bob Arum has revealed that the contracts for the mega fight have yet to be signed. The Filipino's promoter says that the draft contract he received is different to what was agreed.
Flux ropes are twisted bundles of magnetic field that extend out of and back into the surface of the sun. They are thought to be the main cause of several types of solar weather - including solar flares and coronal mass ejections (CMEs) .
The fireball was captured on camera on Sunday by the United Kingdom Meteor Observing Network. Footage shows it glowing brightly as it races northwards towards the Irish Sea. Pieces from the meteorite could potentially be worth thousands of pounds, experts say. WARNING: GRAPHIC CONTENT.
Aud claims to have created the fuel of the future - diesel made from water and carbon dioxide. Experts used renewable energy to convert the carbon dioxide and water into a form of crude oil known as 'blue crude' The blue crude can then be refined in a similar way to standard crude oil to produce e-diesel. Tests have shown it can be mixed with diesel from fossil fuels, or used as a fuel in its own right. WARNING: GRAPHIC.
The technology is based on a technique known as 'neuromodulation' in which electricity stimulates the nervous system to restore sight. A surgeon first implants a small silicon chip with 150 electrodes on the retina. When the patient puts on the system's dark glasses, an integrated video camera sends images to computer.
Denim designer Bettina Liano is being pursued for almost $130,000 by the Australian Tax Office. The embattled jeans queen is the sister of Real Housewives of Melbourne star Gina Liano. She relaunched her eponymous label last year after going into liquidation in 2013 .
Laser expert Patrick Priebe created a working Iron Man-style arm and hand that fires beams from the back of the wrist or from the wearer's palm. In a video, the contraption is shown popping balloons and lighting matches from feet away. The gadget was created by Wuppertal-based Mr Prie be, who designs and builds metal laser gadgets to order online.
Dutch firm TransIP hired a pair of pole dancing robots for an event in Shoreditch. The dancers, which cost around £2,500 to hire, were designed by Giles Walker.
Chelsea beat Crystal Palace 1-0 at Stamford Bridge to clinch the Barclays Premier League title. Manchester City, Arsenal and Manchester United are likely to join Chelsea in the Champions League. The Blues will be joined by Liverpool, Tottenham and Southampton in the top four. Click here for more Premier League news.
Photographer Jessica Fulford-Dobson took pictures of young girls skateboarding in Kabul, Afghanistan in 2012. Skateistan is a non-profit organization that aims to connect youth in Afghanistan with education through skateboarding. 40 per cent of the program's students are girls.
Copper inside the battery reached temperatures of at least 1,085°C (1,985°F) causing jets of molten material to burst from its vent. The footage is the first time the failure of Li-ion batteries due to overheating has been recorded. It was filmed by Paul Shearing from University College London and the findings are published in the journal Nature Communications. Researchers used thermal imaging and non-invasive high speed imaging techniques to observe changes in structure.
Nasa has been testing a flexible wing on a plane in California. The wing can bend from -2 degrees up to 30 degrees. It means that regular flaps aren't needed - and it is much lighter. It can also increase fuel efficiency and reduce noise on take-off and landing. The latest test of the technology took place above Nasa’s Armstrong Flight Research Center in Edwards, California .
Indian doctors at Kathmandu’s Bir Hospital told Mail Today that packets of ‘beef masala’ were sent by Pakistan on Tuesday. The majority-Hindu country treats cows as sacred and there is a blanket ban on slaughter.
GCHQ unlawfully intercepted calls and emails from Sami al-Saadi, it has been ruled. The legally-privileged material was protected by strict rules. The Investigatory Powers Tribunal ordered spies to destroy two copies of the sensitive eavesdropped communications.
The Eshima Ohashi bridge in Japan is the third largest of its kind in the world. The road bridge spans a mile across Lake Nakaumi, linking the cities of Matsue and Sakaiminato. It's incredible slope has a gradient of 6.1%.
Ian Merrett, 28, accused of wolf-whistling Poppy Smart, 23, every day for a month as she passed construction site. He said she should take it as a compliment, which has helped him 'snog loads of girls' in the past. Mr Merrett was jailed for 12 months in 2009 for an unprovoked attack on a Malvern to Birmingham train .
Former boxing promoter, formerly known as Frank, is one of the party's most famous former candidates. But she warned Ukip supporters should vote Tory to keep Ed Miliband and Nicola Sturgeon out of power. She praised Ukip leader Nigel Farage, adding: 'You can't knock him'
Scientists at Stanford University School of Medicine believe the lab-engineered antibodies could eradicate not only primary tumours, but also distant metastases that have spread through the body. The research has been hailed a 'tour de force', raising hopes the body's immune system could be trained to attack melanoma, pancreatic, breast and lung cancer. Process relies on same mechanism as organ transplants.
Incident took place at the 91st floor of the 101-storey Shanghai World Financial Centre. The platform swung violently in wind with the Lujiazui Financial District hundreds of metres below. Two window cleaners suffered minor injuries.
Amanda Oleander, 25, is one of the stars of Periscope, Twitter's new live broadcasting platform. She has been 'loved' 7.5 million times in less than a month since it launched. Ellen DeGeneres is highest ranking.
Chelsea beat Manchester City 3-1 in the first leg of the FA Youth Cup final on Monday night. Tammy Abraham and Dominic Solanke have both scored 35 goals this season. The 17-year-olds are in the form of their young lives and could play for the first-team against Arsenal this weekend   .
Celtic are considering a second double raid on Dundee United for John Souttar and Nadir Ciftci. The Tannadice club sparked a row with supporters when they sold star duo Stuart Armstrong and Gary Mackay-Steven .
Jimmy White lost 10-8 to Matthew Selt in World Snooker Championship qualifying. White needed two more wins to reach the main event at the Crucible in Sheffield. Steve Davis also knocked out by Kurt Maflin in qualifier .
The five men are among the first of 2,800 living veterans who will receive the Legion of Honour. They were awarded France's highest decoration, the Legion d'Honneur, at a ceremony at Yorkshire Air Museum.
Manny Pacquiao has recorded his own song for when he takes to the ring for his fight with Floyd Mayweather. The Filipino boxer has his own sitcom, Show Me Da Manny, plus a game show, Manny Many Prizes. His birthday is celebrated like a national holiday and there is a truce in the civil war to the south of the country whenever he fights   .
Celtic beat Inverness 1-0 in the William Hill Scottish Cup semi-final at Celtic Parkhead . David Raven scored the winner in extra-time after Greg Tansey had equalised in the 96th minute. Virgil van Dijk fired Celtic into an early lead with a superb free-kick . Craig Gordon and Josh Meekings were both sent off in the second half.
Johanna Basford, 32, created one of the first colouring books for grown-ups in 2013 called Secret Garden. It has sold over 1.5million copies and inspired a flurry of similar books. Mother-of-one's second book Enchanted Forest has sold out within weeks.
At least five women got into a large-scale brawl that lasted for multiple minutes at a Zara store in Philadelphia. The fight broke out at a store location in the city's Rittenhouse Square neighborhood on Friday afternoon .
Reddit thread focuses on brides from Russia and the Philippines and has so far garnered more than 10,000 comments. The discussion asked users to spill the beans on what 'surprised' them the most when they started living with their spouses. One user described the process of 'ordering' a bride from Russia or the Philippines, where thousands of women are desperate to start a new life .
Manchester City play Chelsea in the first leg of the FA Youth Cup final on Monday. The match kicks off at 7.45pm at City's Academy Stadium. The second leg takes place next Monday at Stamford Bridge. Click here for more Chelsea news .
Chelsea beat Manchester City 3-1 in the Youth Cup semi-final at the Etihad Stadium. Tammy Abraham and Dominic Solanke scored in the first half to put Chelsea 2-0 up. Kean Bryan and Isaac Buckley-Ricketts scored for City .
Chelsea beat Manchester City 3-1 in the first leg of the FA Youth Cup final first leg on Monday night. Tammy Abraham opened the scoring for the west London side after just seven minutes. Manchester City equalised through Isaac Buckley-Ricketts after 20 minutes. Dominic Solanke restored Chelsea's lead just before half-time to make it 3-2 .
Marc Albrighton opened the scoring for Leicester City in the 45th minute before John Terry equalised for Chelsea in the 48th minute. Didier Drogba gave Chelsea the lead after 48 minutes with a close-range finish from a corner. Ramires made it 2-1 with a stunning effort 12 minutes from time that left Kasper Schmeichel with no chance . Chelsea can win the Premier League title on Sunday if they beat Crystal Palace at Stamford Bridge   .
The dog tags belonged to World War II veteran Cpl. William Benn, who lost them in 1939 at a coastal artillery placement on Salisbury Beach. Metal detector enthusiast Bill Ladd found them after a storm last year .
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao's mega-fight is set to become the biggest pay-per-view in sport. American boxing legend Mike Tyson features in four of the top 10 highest grossing bouts. Mike Tyson's bout against Lennox Lewis in 2002, grossed $760,869 (£497,796) per minute. CLICK HERE for all the latest boxing news .
Zaha Hadid has collaborated with airport developers ADPI to create a six-tier concept. The gigantic Terminal 1 will cover 700,000 square metres and is set to handle 45million passengers a year when it opens in 2018 .
Bayern Munich beat Hertha Berlin 1-0 on Saturday to go 15 points clear at the top of the Bundesliga. Wolfsburg knew only a win against Borussia Monchengladbach would keep their title hopes alive. But Max Kruse scored a last-minute winner to earn the Foals a win on Sunday  .
Heather Mack, 19, brutally killed her American socialite mother with the help of her boyfriend in August and dumped the bloody suitcase in a taxi outside the upscale St. Regis Bali Resort. Mack avoided the death penalty last week when a judge sentenced her to 10 years, a relatively light sentence that took into consideration her need to care for her newborn. Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran have spent the past decade on death row after they were convicted of trying to smuggle heroin from Bali to Australia in 2005. The Bali Nine ringleaders spent 10 years in Kerobokan Prison working to reform themselves with Chan becoming an ordained Christian minister.
Floyd Mayweather Jnr and Manny Pacquiao are just days away from their $300m mega-fight in Las Vegas. Mayweather's personal chef Quiana Jeffries has been cooking for him since his fight was announced. She has helped the champ with his strict organic food diet, but has had problems getting ingredients. Click here for all the latest boxing news .
Brenna Happy Cloud of Salem, Oregon, found herself locked out of her Facebook account last week. For five days she received the same message every time she attempted to log in. Facebook's helpdesk contacted Happy Cloud.
Celtic U17 side beat Rangers 2-0 to win the Glasgow Cup at Hampden Park. Josh Kerr and Mark Hill scored the goals in the 74th and 74th minutes. Rangers keeper Robby McCrorie made two costly errors .
Gloucester beat Exeter 13-6 in the Challenge Cup final at Kingsholm on Saturday night. The Cherry and Whites will face Edinburgh in the final at the Twickenham Stoop . Gloucester will compete for their first European title since 2006  .
World Snooker chairman Barry Hearn has ruled out giving Reanne Evans a season-long wildcard. The 10-time winner of the Ladies' World Championship saw her Crucible dream ended by Ken Doherty on Thursday .
Chelsea beat Leicester City 3-1 to move 13 points clear at the top of the Premier League table. John Terry and Didier Drogba scored in the second half to put Chelsea on the brink of the title. Jose Mourinho's side face Crystal Palace at Stamford Bridge on Sunday .
Reanne Evans is aiming to be the first woman to qualify for the World Championship. The 29-year-old faces former champion Ken Doherty in qualifying. Evans has won 10 women's world titles.
Tests carried out in combination with chemotherapy drugs achieved almost complete remission in mice. Each year in the UK around 41,000 men are diagnosed with prostate cancer and 11,000 die from the disease. WARNING: GRAPH.
Castello Baronale, situated just 31 miles (50km) from Rome, towers 3,280ft over sea level and includes nine en-suite bedrooms, a lavish ballroom, library, gym and even a theatre. Built in the 12th century, the castle was born by Pope Urban VIII's nephew, Cardinal Barberini, in 1541.
Celtic face Inverness in the Scottish Cup semi-final at Hampden Park on Sunday. Ronny Deila's side are eight points clear of Aberdeen at the top of the Scottish Premiership with six games to play .
Dita Von Teese is offering burlesque workshops at Canyon Ranch, a luxury health resort in Tucson, Arizona. The fashion designer and author will run presentations and classes incorporating the principles of modern Burlesque - the 'art form'
John Terry scored Chelsea's second goal in 3-1 win at Leicester on Wednesday night. The 34-year-old's strike took his tally for the season to seven in all competitions. Radamel Falcao has endured a difficult season on loan at Manchester United, scoring only four goals .
Archibald-winning artist Ben Quilty became a mentor to Bali Nine duo in 2012 and has been a staunch advocate for clemency. He has addressed his poignant post to Indonesian President Joko Widodo, who has repeatedly rejected pleas to spare the lives of the nine drug convicts on death row. Quilty has pledged to become the 'most outspoken critic of the death penalty for the rest of my life' He has long led the Mercy Campaigns and organised vigils for mercy.
Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao is billed as the fight of the century. The mega-fight will take place at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas on Saturday. Boxing fans will be able to buy 1,000 18ct gold, diamond and emerald cufflinks  .
Steve Davis will attempt to qualify for this year's Betfred World Championship. Jimmy White will take on fellow veteran James Wattana on Thursday. Reanne Evans takes on Ken Doherty in the first of three preliminary rounds.
Harry Davies-Carr and his brother Charlie have given an interview to children's TV show Newsround. The video was originally filmed to send to the brothers' godfather in America. It quickly went viral, going on to amass more than 816million views on YouTube  .
Leigh Griffiths scored a hat-trick as Celtic beat Dundee United 3-0 at Tannadice Park on Sunday. The 24-year-old has scored 14 goals in his last 17 games for the Hoibernian club. Griffiths is now Celtic's top scorer this season .
Falkirk beat Hibernian 1-0 in the Scottish Cup semi-final at Hampden Park on Saturday. Craig Sibbald scored the only goal of the game in the 74th minute to set up a meeting with either Inverness or Celtic. Both managers made changes for the all-Championship last-four tie  .
Pilots give their insider tips on where passengers should sit to get the best view of their destination on arrival. Sydney Harbour views can be seen for guests leaving Sydney on the right hand side of the plane .
Suzi Cinalli, from The Vital Touch, outlines her six top tips to boost concentration. Massaging reflex points when you have a spare moment at your desk can boost memory and dissolve tension, she says .
For the super-wealthy, money is of no concern when it comes to booking private jets and chartering yachts. Wedding and event planner Sarah Haywood has helped organise ceremonies and honeymoons for everyone from celebrities to Fortune 500 businessmen for her A-list.
Manny Pacquiao takes on Floyd Mayweather at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas on Saturday night. The Filipino has been involved in some of the biggest bouts in the world over the past decade. Pacqu Xiao was born into poverty in the Philippines and moved to the country's capital Manila aged 14. The 36-year-old spent his early career fighting in the Far East before being given his chance on the big stage in 2001 against Lehlo Ledwaba in an IBF world super-bantamweight.
Floyd Mayweather takes on Manny Pacquiao in Las Vegas on Saturday. Canadian pop sensation Justin Bieber will lead out Mayweather's entourage at the MGM Grand. The 21-year-old has accompanied Mayweather into the ring on numerous occasions. Click here for all the latest boxing news .
Sky and BT Sports pay £16million a year for live coverage of Scottish football. The BBC puts in an estimated £3m a year on Sportscene highlights and radio commentaries. Compared with the £5billion paid to English clubs for Premiership football the sums are trifling  .
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao arrived in Las Vegas on Tuesday ahead of Saturday's mega-fight. Sportsmail's Jeff Powell was there to witness the pair's arrivals. The pair will meet at the MGM Grand on Saturday for $300million .
Stefan Johansen shared the players' player of the year award with captain Scott Brown. The Norwegian midfielder picked up two awards at the annual Celtic awards dinner on Sunday night. The 24-year-old has impressed in his first season .
Reanne Evans trails Ken Doherty 5-4 at the interval of her World Championship qualifier. Doherty won four of the final five frames of the morning session after trailing 3-1. The match resumes on Thursday evening in Sheffield .
Floyd Mayweather faces Manny Pacquiao at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas on May 2. The Filipino star has been training at Freddie Roach's Wild Card Gym in Los Angeles. Mayweather has trained at his own self-titled Mayweather Boxing Club next to a Chinese Baptist Church. Both gyms are located in low-key surroundings on Vine Street, Los Angeles . Sportsmail takes a look at what is on offer at both gyms  .
These are some of the most spectacular holiday homes on the market at the moment. From a Lake Garda mansion with a pool overlooking the water to an Italian villa that looks like a castle and an Antigua retreat with Giorgio Armani as a neighbour.
Nathan Allan de Souza set to sign for Chelsea from Atletico Paranaense for £4.5m. Chelsea beat rivals Manchester City to the Brazilian attacking midfielder's signature. The 19-year-old will join compatriots Willian, Ramires, Filipe Luis and Oscar. Click here for more Chelsea transfer news .
Judy Murray dazzled at her son Andy's wedding, wearing a belted dress-coat that accentuated her toned stomach. The 55-year-old doesn't play tennis to stay in shape .
A Gronking To Remember is about a housewife's infatuation with New England Patriots tight end Rob 'Gronk' Gronkowski. The couple are suing the novella's author, who released it under the pen name Lacey Noonan, as well as Apple, Amazon.com and Barnes & Noble for allowing readers to buy the work in iBooks, Kindle and Kindle.
Floyd Mayweather takes on Manny Pacquiao in the Fight of the Century in Las Vegas on Saturday night. The Filipino boxer is confident he will win the fight against the world's richest man . Pacqu Xiao has a new camera which he points at everyone he comes across  .
Map based its results on Google search data – a technique previously used by data scientists to understand how racism may impact Barack Obama's electoral chances. Racism in the New England states, along with New York, were two of the most surprising discoveries for the researchers.
Georgia Davis, 22, has been lifted from her home in Aberdare, south Wales, by a crane. She was once dubbed 'Britain's fattest teenager' and weighed 60 stone as a teenager. Emergency services worked to remove her from her specially-adapted flat for seven hours. It is the second time she has had to be rescued in such a way.
Andrew Chan, then aged 21, and Myuran Sukumaran, 24, were caught trying to smuggle more than eight kilograms of heroin out of Indonesia in 2005. The ringleaders of the infamous Bali Nine are now dead after being convicted of drug smuggling. Both men were from working-class families who believed they were stuck in dead end jobs. They were both attracted to drug smuggling by the promised riches, after being disillusioned by their jobs.
George Clooney's newlywed wife appeared before reporters at the National Press Club at 10am Thursday, accompanied by Laila Ali, the wife of the jailed politician. Nasheed, the Indian Ocean archipelago's first democratically elected leader who came to power in 2008, was convicted last month.
Riot erupted in February 2012 when supporters of home team Al-Masry and Cairo's Al-Ahly clashed after league match. An appeals court ordered the retrial of 73 defendants last year after rejecting a lower court's verdict. 21 people were sentenced to death over the riots, which left 74 people dead. Eleven of the fans have now had their death sentences upheld after retrial in Cairo today .
Eintracht Frankfurt forward Alexander Meier has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury. Meier will have surgery on his patellar tendon on Tuesday. Bayern Munich's Arjen Robben is also out with an injury and Robert Lewandowski could win the Golden Boot.
Bayer Leverkusen have released Emir Spahic from his contract with immediate effect. Defender was involved in a fight with security personnel after the German Cup defeat to Bayern Munich. Bosnian international injured his knee in the incident .
Bayern Munich beat Eintracht Frankfurt 3-0 at the Allianz Arena on Saturday afternoon. Robert Lewandowski scored twice and Thomas Muller added a third in the win. The result keeps Bayern Munich top of the Bundesliga and three points clear of Frankfurt.
Gloriavale is a New Zealand settlement of around 500 where everyone follows a strict New Testament creed and wears blue uniforms. Several ex-members have come forward, telling stories of sexual abuse, violence and bullying - sometimes involving underage girls. Former member, Miracle, said abuse victims were often blamed for their situations. She escaped Gloriavale with her family around six years ago.
Scientists at Haverford College in Pennsylvania say they have spotted X-ray emissions consistent with thousands of white dwarfs. These are stars left behind after larger ones use up their fuel. They are thought to be leaving a 'mass grave' of white dwarf stars near the centre of the Milky Way.
Liris Crosse, 32, grew up in Baltimore, Maryland and is now a size 18 plus-size model (US 14) Had a tough time breaking into the industry due to her voluptuous shape. Has starred in videos with Jennifer Lopez, Jay Z and Puff Daddy .
West Ham are top of the Premier League Fair Play table, just above Burnley. The Hammers could qualify for the Europa League if they finish in the top three 'fair-playing' leagues in Europe. Sam Allardyce's future hangs in the balance at Upton Park with his contract expiring in the summer  .
Morgan Schneiderlin has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee ligament injury. The midfielder has been linked with a move to Arsenal and Tottenham this summer. Southampton manager Ronald Koeman admits Schneiderlin may leave the club.
Southampton lost 2-1 to Stoke City at the Britannia Stadium on Saturday . Morgan Schneiderlin opened the scoring with his first Premier League goal since September . Mame Diouf and Charlie Adam secured all three points for the Potters . Saints missed the chance to close the gap on fourth-placed Manchester City .
Ray Parlour believes signing Petr Cech would be a 'no brainer' for Arsenal this summer. Cech has made just four league starts for Chelsea this season. Arsenal face Chelsea at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday. CLICK HERE for all the latest Arsenal news .
Adrien Broner called out Danny Garcia Swift and Lamont Peterson for a September fight on Instagram. The pair were watching the Premier Boxing Champions primetime TV event in Brooklyn on Saturday night. 50 Cent said Broner should have accepted a $40million contract offer from Jay Z and his Roc Nation .
Andre Schurrle and Mario Gotze went on a double date with girlfriends Montana Yorke and Ann-Kathrin Broemmel. The pair attended a charity ball to raise money for Hamburg Children's Hospital. Bayern Munich beat Eintracht Franfurt 3-0.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic has had a search engine website created in his honour called zlaaatan.com. The site has no affiliation with the Paris Saint-Germain forward or Google. Users are given the option to 'Z latan Search' or 'I'm feeling Zlatan' Click of the former button takes users to articles about Ibrahimovic on Google while the latter directs them to Wikipedia.
The third day of the trial against suspected Aurora, Colorado movie theater shooter James Holmes continued on Wednesday. Twelve people were killed and 70 hurt when Holmes allegedly opened fire on a packed theater in July 2012. Holmes' defense attorneys want the jury to find him not guilty by reason of insanity, which would send him to the state mental hospital indefinitely. If convicted, Holmes could be sentenced to death.
West Spruill has been charged with murdering Ann Charle, 36, on Monday evening in the Bronx. The mother-of-two was walking towards her car at about 5:45 p.m. when he allegedly pulled out a gun and ordered her into her Honda. Police say he sexually assaulted her in her car, but she managed to escape.
Torin Lakeman, 19, and brother Jacques, 20, died in a pub in Manchester in December last year. They had bought the drug from an anonymous dealer via the 'dark web' Coroner Alan Walsh said he would be writing to Home Secretary Theresa May over deaths. He said it was unacceptable that 'intellectual people are able to access drugs in this way' at Bolton Coroner's Court.
Steve Simonsen served a one-game ban for betting on a total of 50 games in a year. The Scottish FA have failed in their attempt to increase the punishment handed to the goalkeeper. Click here for more Rangers news .
Lucian Faggiano bought the building in Lecce, Puglia in the south of Italy and had planned to turn it into a trattoria. But renovations were put on hold when he discovered a toilet on the site was blocked. While attempting to fix the toilet he dug into a Messapian tomb .
Move marks a radical shift in strategy for the world's biggest software company. Will make it easy to use many of the same apps they're already using on Apple or Android phones. New operating system will run on the 'broadest types of devices ever'
Samsung sold 82.4m smartphones in the first three months of the year, for a 24.5 percent market share. Apple held an 18.2 percent share after selling 61.2 million iPhones. Samsung notably launched its flagship Galaxy S6 and S6 Edge phones at the end of the quarter in April. Apple iPhone sales dipped compared with the stronger holiday quarter. Figures were impacted by seasonal and other factors.
Some owners of the Apple Watch have found that it malfunctions if worn on tattooed wrists. Some dark, vibrant ink seems to cause the watch’s heart sensor to lose connection and give inaccurate readings. This is because the heart sensor reads a pulse by measuring light absorption though the skin. It is thought that red and green inks reflect light in a similar way and the sensor can't distinguish between them .
The Bruno Smartcan is said to be the first internet connected combined kitchen bin and vacuum cleaner. It uses sensors to detect when you want the lid to open or when dirt has been swept close so it can activate its integrated vacuum. It also has an integrated bag store and charging cord and sends alerts to a smartphone when it is low on bags.
Adidas has partnered with Spotify to create an app that tracks your speed and matches music to suit. Called Adidas go, the songs are selected based on the runner's musical interests and listening history. Songs are played in full but users can skip tracks.
The American Chemical Society in Washington explained the science behind the Avengers in a video. It looks at the composition of Iron Man's suit, Captain America's shield and super-healing abilities. The video also explains the science of super- healing abilities and the Arc Reactor.
All three planets in the system orbit the star, HD 7924, at a distance closer than Mercury orbits the sun. They complete their orbits in just 5, 15 and 24 days. Discovery shows the type of planetary system that astronomers expect to find around many nearby stars in the coming years.
Image shows one of Saturn's outer moons, measuring 255 by 161 miles (410 by 260km) Named Hyperion, the moon's porous surface can be seen in incredible detail in this image taken by Cassini as it performed a flyby of the satellite almost a decade ago.
Amanjena Resort Amanjena is the first Aman resort on the African continent. Set within an oasis of palms and olive trees, Moorish heritage is reflected throughout the pisé-walled resort. Tom Cruise, Guy Ritchie and Gordon Ramsay set to attend.
Since 2011, the number of average daily number of visitors has far exceeded the daily limit of 2,500 agreed to by Peru and UNESCO. Last year 1.1million people reached its dizzying peak. New master plan to be implemented between 2015 and 2019 is set to cost £28.
Fight broke out on Oman Air flight 102 from London Heathrow to Muscat. One man allegedly attacked another passenger with a shoe and threw punches. One passenger screamed that there was a baby nearby, while others were woken by commotion.
The FA are prepared to give away what amounts to almost title sponsorship of the tournament to Emirates Airlines. The proposed £30million, three-year contract for an Emirates FA Cup gives the FA the resources to ensure the monies received by the clubs for progressing in the world’s most famous club knockout tournament. Click here for more .
England Cricket Board national selector James Whitaker looks set to finish his brief reign in the role. FA Cup set to be rebranded as the Emirates FA Cup in new £30million sponsorship deal. Sam Allardyce's future as West Ham boss is in doubt as letter regarding end of tenure at Blackburn Rovers.
Ian Bell and Joe Root put on 177 runs for the fourth wicket on day one of the first Test in Antigua. Ben Stokes was unbeaten on 71 at the close of play as England reached 341 for five at the Sir Viv Richards Stadium. England's top three are very one-paced and that became a problem on the first morning. Jonathan Trott's return to the side was a risk as he was dismissed in the first over. Peter Moores and Alastair Cook have promised to play a certain way.
Tottenham sold Gareth Bale to Real Madrid for a world-record £85m in 2013. Chairman Daniel Levy is planning a new transfer policy for the club that centres on resale value. Spurs sold Michael Carrick and Dimitar Berbatov to Manchester United to solve problems at Old Trafford. Tottenham's best chance of Champions League football came when Luka Modric played for them .
The House Judiciary Committee on Thursday overwhelmingly passed the latest version of a bill known as the USA Freedom Act by a bipartisan vote of 25 to 2. The measure seeks to codify President Barack Obama's proposal to end the NSA's collection of domestic calling records. The authority to collect those records and other related surveillance provisions of the Patriot Act will expire June 1 unless Congress passes a law reauthorizing it, with changes .
All that’s unpleasant about male behaviour is ascribed to testosterone, yet as Joe Herbert explains, testosterone is at the heart of human life. It begins its influence in the womb as it helps to shape the distinctive characteristics of the male body. Testosterone also important for sexual behaviour in women before menopause.
Mark Vanhoenacker is a senior first officer with British Airways. He wants the reader to simply understand his passion for his job. He admires the 747 like a sculptor might a perfect human torso. The 747 is more ‘a place’ than a conveyance.
Angelika Graswald, 35, has been charged with second-degree murder in the death of her fiance Vincent Viafore. Viafore, 46, was kayaking with her on the Hudson River April 19 when his vessel flipped over. He was not wearing a life jacket and was unable to turn the capsized boat right-side up. She called 911 telling the dispatcher she had fallen out of her own kayak and was picked up by a boater. Police have yet to find his body .
John Barnes and Jamie Redknapp rap on Sky's upcoming series of A League Of Their Own. The pair performed The Sugarhill Gang classic Rapper's Delight for spoof sketch of Britain's Got Talent. Barnes was joined halfway through his performance by former Liverpool team-mate.
Eden Hazard and Nathan Ake take on Loic Remy and Willian in head-to-head challenge for car manufacturers Audi. Hazard and Ake win 5-3 to take a 6-0 lead after two rounds of the challenge. The final challenge involved the players shooting at cars from long range from close range.
Robbie Keane sings Karma Chameleon in a video posted on Boy George & the Culture Club's Facebook page. The video was apparently filmed during LA Galaxy's day off on Tuesday. Keane is currently sidelined by a groin injury .
Oliver Kahn and Peter Schmeichel star in Tiplico's latest advert. The pair renew their rivalry after playing against each other in 1999 Champions League final. Kahn reveals he didn't like the look of himself aged by an additional 50 years .
Thousands of commuters were stranded on trains for up to five hours after a power failure at Clapham Junction station. One train carrying more than 1,200 passengers between East Grinstead and Victoria was evacuated at 10am. Firefighters used a ladder to help passengers down before they were led along the track to safety. 321 trains were delayed for a total of more than 600 hours across the network. A planned strike by rail workers on Bank Holiday Monday has been called off.
Anderson Silva says he will fight for a spot in the Brazilian taekwondo team at the 2016 Olympics. The former UFC champion said he is 'trying to give back to the sport' in which he began his career.
Eugenie Bouchard was beaten 6-3, 6-1 by Lauren Davis in the second round of the Family Circle Cup. Davis won nine of the final 11 games of the match to pull off the upset against the world No 7 .
Zac Efron, 27, appeared on the set of his latest film, Bad Grandpa, on Tuesday. This got FEMAIL thinking about how many child stars have grown into stunning adults, and how many haven't
Nasa has released an image taken by the probe's Visual and Infrared Spectrometer (Virs) It reveals distinct features such as volcanic vents and fresh craters. The spacecraft is expected to smash into the planet's surface on Thursday 30 April at 3:30pm Eastern Time (7.30pm GMT) .
Scientists from the University of Connecticut warned that one in six animals are at risk of extinction. They say animals are most at risk in South America, Australia, and New Zealand. If future temperatures increase by only two degrees compared to pre-industrial levels, the extinction risk would increase from 2.8 to 5.2%. But if global warming maintains its current trajectory and a 4.3 degree increase, that could increase to 16 per cent, the study warns .
When people try to search for the aubergine, or eggplant, emoji using a hashtag on the app, no posts appear. This is even though there are posts that have been tagged with it. It is believed to be because the emoji is commonly used to represent male genitalia. Instagram told MailOnline it is not commenting on the eggplant anomaly. But it is likely the app is restricting its use under guidelines.
Fossils from an extinct pygmy sperm whale that died seven million years ago have shed new light on the evolution of modern day whales. The remains, which were discovered in Panama, indicate that the organ involved in sound generation and echolocation got smaller throughout the whale’s evolution. In contrast modern sperm whales are much larger than their extinct relatives. The find will help experts fill in gaps in the Evolution of cetaceans.
Scientists say the experiment that what some people believe to be a ghostly presence is just a trick of the brain. By having signals mixed up in their brains, volunteers were made to feel that a creepy 'presence' was behind them. They counted up to four phantoms positioned where no-one was standing.
Jimmy Anderson edged closer to Sir Ian Botham's record for England's leading wicket-taker in Tests. The 32-year-old is playing in his 100th Test match for England this week in Antigua. Anderson has been the leader of England's bowling attack for a while .
Chelsea allowed Premier League trophy to be displayed on centre circle at Stamford Bridge on Tuesday. Jose Mourinho has warned players and fans to concentrate on first beating Crystal Palace on Sunday. Leicester Tigers are being provocative with their Rugby World Cup planning after England Rugby 2015 chose to stage matches.
Ollie Devoto, Semesa Rokoduguni, Anthony Watson and Matt Banahan scored tries for Bath in 29-19 win over Newcastle. Sam Burgess made his first start for Bath at number six in the back row . George Ford kicked 15 points in the first 16 minutes of the match . Bath are now six points behind Premiership leaders Northampton and four above third-placed Saracens .
Sam Burgess has been selected in the back row for Bath's Aviva Premiership clash with Newcastle. The former rugby league star has struggled to make an impact since converting to union. Bath were dumped out of the European Champions Cup by Leinster in the quarter-final on Saturday . The 26-year-old's slow progress since leaving the South Sydney Rabbitohs has led to speculation he may return to league. Bath face Newcastle at Kingston Park on Friday night  .
Bath fly half George Ford scored a fine solo-try in the 21st minute to put his side 15-5 up at half-time . Anthony Watson was sent to the sin-bin for 10 minutes for a reckless aerial challenge on Rob Kearney . Ian Madigan kicked six penalties for Leinster in the first-half . But Bath showed their mettle with a wonderful second-half revival.
Pupils were due to travel 68 miles to visit mosque in Exeter, Devon, as part of RE trip to learn about different faiths. Pupils from Lostwithiel School in Cornwall due to visit city's cathedral and mosque next week. But 10 pulled out after parents expressed 'grave concerns' about 'violence and guns'
Nancy Perry will no longer teach students at Dublin Middle School in Georgia and will retire at the end of the year. Perry is alleged to have told students that Obama is a Muslim and that any parent who support him couldn't be Christian, either. A 12-year-old boy in Perry's class brought the matter to the attention of his father, Jimmie Scott, who complained to the school. Scott said he immediately requested a parent-teacher conference with Perry .
Perak Mufti Tan Sri Harussani Zakaria said a wife can only refuse sex if she is menstruating, sick or just given birth. He said women's right to say no was lost the moment her father handed her to her new husband .
Website allows people to analyse any image found on Bing, Microsoft's search engine, or upload their own. It even allows users to search for celebrities - and see what Microsoft thinks their real ages are. System works by analysing 27 points on face.
Sarah Jewell, 25, was expecting to find a tax refund in her mailbox when she instead received a letter from the IRS informing her that she had 'died' Jewell's local Social Security office told her that in November 2014 someone had filed her Social Security number as deceased. But three months later and her number hasn't been reinstated and she still hasn't received her tax refund or her credit cards .
Laura Robson shared a picture on Instagram of her at a country music festival in Florida. The 21-year-old has not played since the 2014 Australian Open due to a left wrist injury. Robson is said to be nearing a return and targeting the French Open .
Hollywood-inspired experiment is taking place at a care home in Riverdale, New York. Residents are woken up each morning with a video recording from a loved one. Aim is to help ease confusion, forgetfulness and agitation.
David Beckham and Odell Beckham Jnr were pictured with James Corden on Thursday. The comedian tweeted a picture of the pair with the caption: 'Double Beckhams!' Corden is currently filming Late Late in America.
Manny Pacquiao wrote and recorded Lalaban Ako Para Sa Filipino to be his walk-out music when he fights Floyd Mayweather. US talk show host Jimmel Kimmel has sung an excerpt of the song on his show Jimmy Kimmel Live. The song is dedicated to the Filipino people and includes footage of Typhoon Haiyan. The boxer will appear on Kimmel's show next week. He will be looking to end Mayweather's 47-fight unbeaten run against Pacqu Xiao.
Frank Lampard has made 32 appearances for Manchester City on loan from New York City this season. The 36-year-old will join parent club New York in July after signing two-year deal. Adrian Heath believes Frank Lampard and Steven Gerrard are set for culture shocks.
Quinton 'Rampage' Jackson returns to the UFC after two years with Bellator. He takes on Fabio Maldonado at UFC 186 in Montreal on Saturday night. CLICK HERE for more UFC news.
Pillars of Creation are located 7000 light-years away in the constellation of Serpens (The Serpent) They shed about 70 times the mass of the sun every million years or so. New observations reveal many new details about them.
Jeff Bezos' Blue Origin company has completed a successful spaceflight test in West Texas. The New Shepard vehicle rose to a height of 58 miles (94km) - four miles short of space - before landing. It was unmanned, but will ultimately take six people into space. The test took place from the company’s launch site in WestTexas. The booster failed to land successfully but the capsule landed without a hitch. Ultimately, the flights will enable six people to go to space. While in space, huge windows will give the customers a stunning view of Earth, and they'll also have several minutes of weightlessness.
Greek researchers created the algorithm, which determines a person’s state of intoxication by looking at the temperature of their face - especially the forehead and nose. They say the technology could one day be installed in cars to spot drink drivers and stop them starting the ignition. WARNING: GRAPHIC.
Stuart Broad has seen his place in the England side questioned, but he still produces with the ball. The 28-year-old was dismissed for a duck in England's first innings against West Indies in Antigua. Broad admitted he had nightmares after being struck in the face by India's Varun Aaron last summer at Old Trafford, which I personally would.
Leeds United lost 2-1 at home to Charlton in the Championship on Saturday. Six players pulled out of the squad ahead of the match at The Valley. Neil Redfearn described it as a 'freakish' set of events and called for players to be sacked.
Leeds striker Steve Morison admits he has never experienced anything like the chaos at Elland Road. Six players withdrew from the squad ahead of Saturday's game against Charlton. Morison says he has played for teams 'scrapping for their lives' and teams that have been promoted. Former Leeds captain Trevor Cherry has called for the players to be sacked  .
Christina O'Gorman was posing for her father, electrical engineer and photographer Mervyn O’Gorman, back in 1913. The ethereal images were taken on the beach at Lulworth Cove, Dorset, when Malcolm was 42. They are among a collection of the world's oldest surviving colour photographs .
Lindsay Sandiford, 58, from Cheltenham, believes she will be executed by the end of the year. She was sentenced to death after police linked her to almost five kilograms of cocaine. The grandmother said she 'feels like giving up' and 'just wants to get it over with' . Andrew Chan, 31, and Myuran Sukumaran, 33, were executed along with six other prisoners by an Indonesian firing squad.
Mirco Antenucci, Giuseppe Bellusci, Dario del Fabro and Marco Silvestri among six players to withdraw. Five of the sextet were signed by banned president Massimo Cellino. Head coach Neil Redfearn not aware of injuries.
Hull City are keen on signing Leeds United midfielder Alex Mowatt this summer. The 20-year-old has impressed in the Championship this season scoring nine goals. Hull sent scout John Rudge to check on the midfielder during Monday's 4-3 defeat by Wolves.
Bradford City's Valley Parade fire killed 56 fans and injured 265 on May 11, 1985. Author Martin Fletcher points the finger at the late Stafford Heginbotham, Bradford City's chairman at the time and a businessman who had been linked to eight previous blazes. Fletcher spent 15 years researching the fire in which four members of his family died in the disaster .
Dundee United striker Nadir Ciftci celebrated a goal by blowing a kiss at opposition goalkeeper Scott Bain. Greg Stewart opened the scoring for Dundee before Jake McPake and Paul Heffernan scored for The Dark Blues. It was Dundee's first derby win in over a decade .
Chad Hurst of Salt Lake City, Utah, says he pulled the young man aside after their flight from Denver, Colorado had landed on Sunday, and had a word with him about the foul language he was using on the plane. The young man then sucker punched Hurst in the stomach. Hurst then calmly proceeded to grab the man by the shoulder, bring him to the ground, put his hands behind his back and get on top of him.
A high-level ministerial briefing exclusively obtained by Daily Mail Australia reveals an 'unprecedented' number of Australians could face the death penalty in China for drug smuggling. Chinese authorities have said that eleven Australians were apprehended on suspected drug smuggling charges in Guangzhou alone in 2014. One of the few Australians known to be facing death row in China - Sydney man Peter Gardner - has had his case pushed forward.
Sandstorms caused havoc in Saudi Arabia last week with a number of flights being cancelled and schools closed. Strong winds are believed to have caused the disruption, which resulted in Dubai's skyline almost disappearing.
Jennifer Saunders, who wrote and starred in the series, confirmed the cast will begin filming in the autumn. She revealed that Joanna Lumley, who plays Patsy in the comedy, had told her to 'do it before we die' to finish the script  .
Fewer than one in three have heard of UK's biggest cause of food poisoning, report says. Research for trade magazine The Grocer found just 32% of UK consumers heard of campylobacter germs. Many unaware of hygiene measures to protect.
Aliesha Peterson, 22, from Alberta, Canada, started exercising in August 2013 in an effort to lessen her depression. She has since gone from 145lbs to 127lbs and gained an impressive six-pack. Her workouts include several sets of squats, bench presses, crunches, curls, and planks every Wednesday .
Protein World's 'Are You Beach Body Ready?' adverts are being taken down from the London Underground. Posters feature a bikini-clad model called Renee Somerfield, 24, towering above train platforms. Change.org petition calling for the adverts to be pulled has already attracted 50,000 signatures.
The FA are understood to have secured a three-year contract with Emirates Airlines. The deal is believed to be worth at least £10million a year. Emirates Airlines have a massive sports sponsorship portfolio .
Arsenal won last season's FA Cup competition, which will be rebranded the Emirates FA Cup. Emirates signed the biggest club sponsorship agreement in English football history in 2004. Arsenal signed a £100million deal with the Dubai-based airline in 2004 . The Emirates Cup is broadcast by BT Sport in the UK and worldwide.
Michael Bisping takes on CB Dollaway in Montreal on Saturday night. The Manchester middleweight is bidding to avoid losing successive fights for the first time in his career. He is open to fighting again in Glasgow this July, five years after he last fought in the UK. Click here for more UFC news.
Andrei Arshavin and Anatoly Tymoshchuk's contracts at Zenit St Petersburg expire at the end of the season. Zenit coach Andre Villas-Boas has said the club are not holding talks to extend the pair's deals. Click here for more Zenit news .
FC Tokyo president Naoki Ogane claims Chelsea have made an offer of around £4million for Yoshinori Muto. Chelsea would look to loan the Japan international to partner club Vitesse Arnhem next season. Muto says he wants to join a club where he can 'play and develop' this summer .
Eddie Hearn has offered Carl Frampton £1.5m to fight Scott Quigg in Manchester on July 18. The two super-bantamweight world champions have been in talks for more than a year. Quigg wants to fight Frampton in one of the biggest all-British fights in recent memory   .
Alastair Cook and Jonathan Trott should both play all three Tests against West Indies . Cook has gone 61 combined Test and ODI innings without making a century . Trott was dismissed for just four runs on day three of the first Test in Antigua . Both batsmen have phenomenal Test records and should be given every chance to prove they are worth a place . Click here for more England news .
Charlie Austin has scored 17 Premier League goals for Queens Park Rangers this season. But he is yet to receive an international call-up for England. Harry Kane, Daniel Sturridge and Danny Welbeck are ahead of Austin in the pecking order . Click here for all the latest England news .
Singer Chris Hardman, aka Lil' Chris, was found hanged at his home in Lowestoft, Suffolk, on March 23. Coroner Peter Dean told inquest his friend AJ Sutton later identified the body of the 24-year-old pop star. Mr Hardman's family said he had been fighting a long battle with depression and was determined to find a cure .
Amanda Holden, 44, is on the cover of the June 2015 issue of Good Housekeeping. The Britain's Got Talent judge talks about her traumatic childbirth experiences. She says therapy saved her after she nearly died .
Michelle Filkins, 44, of West Wareham has been charged with breaking and entering, larceny over $250, and malicious destruction of property. She was discovered at the Court Street property in Edgartown by owner Mark Conklin on April 17 .
The 30-year-old reality TV star posted the message 'Pray for Baltimore' to Instagram on Monday night. While over 417,000 followers liked the photo, it did not escape criticism. Some critics accused her of insincerity, while others accused the star of being racist.
The 55-year-old newsman is refusing to go down 'without a fight' as he looks to return to NBC Nightly News. It comes after it was revealed that an internal inquiry found Williams's had lied in his reporting to make himself look good at least 11 times .
Angel Di Maria has a new tattoo of the number 7 on his left arm. The 27-year-old has been linked with a move away from Manchester United in recent months. Di Maria joined United for £60million from Real Madrid last summer. The midfielder wears the No 7 shirt at Old Trafford .
Jean-Honoré Fragonard’s 18th-century work Young Woman was replaced by a hand-painted replica, produced in China. It has hung in among 270 Old Master paintings at Dulwich picture gallery since February 10. Only 10 per cent of the 3,000 people who visited during the experiment guessed it correctly  .
Alistair Brownlee won on his return to World Triathlon Series action in Cape Town. The Olympic champion tripped during the run leg but recovered to win. Brownlee missed the first three events of the season with ankle injury.
Jordan Spieth won the 2015 Masters at Augusta by four strokes on Sunday . The 21-year-old became the first man ever to reach 19 under par in the Masters . Spieth is the first American to win the tournament since Tiger Woods won in 1997 at the age of 21 .
Jimmy Anderson took a record 384th Test wicket against the West Indies on Friday. The 32-year-old beat Sir Ian Botham's record of 384 Test wickets. Botham was one of the first people to congratulate Anderson .
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-2 in the Manchester derby on Sunday. Louis van Gaal has led the Red Devils back into the top four this season. The Dutchman has worked with and improved individual players like Ashley Young and Marouane Fellaini. Van Gaal deserves a better reception from the English football public .
Ricky Hatton wants 'the old City back', while Noel Gallagher says there is 'apathy' towards the Champions League among the fans. Manchester City fans sing a song with the line: 'We're not really here' . Manuel Pellegrini could be worried about his position at Manchester City after losing at Old Trafford. Louis van Gaal should be crowned manager of the year. City need to stop pussy-footing around and drag the fans into the modern game   .
Jamie Vardy put in a 10-out-of-10 performance against West Brom on Saturday. The Leicester striker scored a late winner to keep the Foxes' survival hopes alive. Vardy was being criticised two years ago but is now a key part of their team. Click here for all the latest Leicester news.
Mauro Vilhete scored twice as Barnet defeated Gateshead 2-0 in the Conference clash on Saturday. Barnet clinched a return to the Football League on Saturday following a two-year absence. The win ensures Martin Allen's fourth spell in charge of the club would be his most successful.
Barnet beat Gateshead 2-0 to secure promotion to the Football League. The win ensures Martin Allen's fourth spell in charge of the club would be his most successful. Barnet players will celebrate with a team trip to Benidorm on Wednesday . Click here for all the latest Barnet news.
Diddy and Mark Wahlberg placed a bet of $250,000 on the Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao mega-fight. The pair agreed to the wager in front of a swimming pool ahead of the Las Vegas showdown. The fight is expected to gross over $300million with as many as 300,000 fans expected in the city .
Hulk recently signed a new long-term deal at Zenit St Petersburg until the end of the 2018-19 season. The 28-year-old has netted 15 goals in 33 appearances for the Russian giants in all competitions at present   .
Demetrious Johnson retained his UFC flyweight title with a win over Kyoji Horiguchi in Montreal. The American secured a submission victory over the Japanese in the fifth round. Quinton 'Rampage' Jackson beat Fabio Maldonado of Brazil to win his first bout since 2011.
Monaco face Juventus in Champions League quarter-final second leg at Stade Louis II on Wednesday. Leonardo Jardim's side lost 1-0 to the Serie A champions in first leg in Turin last week. Dimitar Berbatov believes Monaco can overturn the deficit .
England have never progressed beyond the quarter-finals in their three previous World Cup appearances. Toni Duggan has scored 11 goals in 16 games for her country so far this season. The Manchester City striker is working hard to rediscover her best form ahead of the finals in Canada in June .
Tottenham are tracking Dynamo Kiev's Andriy Yarmolenko ahead of the summer transfer window. Paris St-Germain are also watching the 25-year-old Ukrainian forward. Spurs boss Mauricio Pochettino is also keen on Everton winger Kevin Mirallas.
Paris Saint-Germain are weighing up a £15million move for Ukraine winger Andriy Yarmolenko. The 25-year-old has been in superb form for Dinamo Kiev this season, scoring five goals in 10 games. The French giants have been warned off by Manchester United about Angel di Maria .
Tottenham Hotspur currently sit sixth in the Premier League, which is enough to qualify for the Europa League. Christian Eriksen says the benefits of qualifying outweigh the negatives of missing out. Spurs have been linked with Marseille midfielder Florian Thauvin .
Alastair Cook has been working on a new, more open stance with former England batting coach Graham Gooch. But in the first Test against the West Indies, I think he overdid it. His front foot is far too open and he doesn't have time to adjust to deliveries .
Tiger Woods finished in the top 20 at the Masters at Augusta National on Sunday. Woods finished six under par for the tournament but could not challenge runaway winner Jordan Spieth. The world No 1 will not say when he will play next after this tournament .
Tottenham have held further talks with Marseille over a potential deal for Florian Thauvin. The 22-year-old has been left out of the squad for this weekend's game with Metz. Marseille are pushing for a £15m sale for winger .
Hugo Lloris is a target for Manchester United and Paris Saint-Germain. Tottenham are determined to keep their No 1 at White Hart Lane and will put a £35million price tag on his head. The current world record transfer fee for a goalkeeper is the £32.6million Juventus paid Parma for Gianluigi Buffon.
Pregnant women and breastfeeding mothers who drink organic milk may be putting child's health at risk. Scientists say it contains a third less iodine than normal milk - which could affect infant brain growth. Iodine is the main source of iodine in the British diet.
Osman Yaya, 12, from Bennett Middle School in Salisbury, Maryland, moderated a town hall session with the president on Thursday. During an answer about writer's block, Obama started getting a little long-winded and Osman stepped in. Obama grinned and replied, 'Osman thinks I've been talking too long,' he said .
Mazzy, who suffers from Spina Bifida, was on board a Southwest Airlines flight over the US when the entire airplane sang her happy birthday and moved her to tears. Mom Brein Bjorson Marzano was flying with Mazzy and her other daughter Birkly from Tampa to Pittsburgh on their way home from vacation  .
The 15-month-old girl arches her back and pushes out her belly while strutting around the room. The youngster pulls a cheeky face while her father also mimics the walk in the background.
The Uber driver was filmed by passengers as he sang along to a radio broadcast while driving in Boston, America. Luciano Pavarotti was one of the most commercially successful tenors of all time.
Incident took place in Olani village, four kilometres from Manpur, in central India. Terrified villagers watched on from the relative safety of hut rooftops as the ward beat the leopard twice on the head with his stick .
Baron the German Shepherd was captured in a video using the toilet after he began learning the impressive skill a few weeks ago. The five-month-old pup entered the bathroom and lifted up the toilet seat. He then climbs up balancing his paws on the raised seat cover.
Liam Sandham, of Fleetwood, has gone viral with a work place prank that involves burning his friend in a van. The plasterer films himself and the vehicle's wing mirror through a magnifying glass, which he moves back and forwards.
Bailey Murrill, of Denton in Texas, had been inexplicably paralyzed for 11 days. She had regained feeling and movement in her legs and was being cared for in hospital. Her favorite nurse came to see her and decided to surprise her by getting up out of her chair and walking towards her .
The video was created by the Make it Fair Project to highlight the disproportionate presence of men in the film industry. It comes just weeks after Rita Wilson revealed her battle with cancer and double mastectomy  .
Six children blindfolded and asked to pick out their mother from a group of six women. Children move tentatively along the row, taking hands and touching hair and faces. Each child eventually locates their own, throwing their arms around them in recognition .
The video was uploaded to YouTube last week by Raymond Yeung. It shows a hairless creature biting its way through a steel cage in China's Sand Bay. The creature can be seen aggressively biting through the cage with a bleeding mouth. The vision has sparked heated debates over the species of the mysterious beast. Some claim it is a mythical 'water monster' from Chinese folklore.
Harley Jolly, Tyson Barr and Nic Roy videoed themselves descending Dunedin’s Baldwin Street. The street is 350 metres long and is officially recognised by the Guinness Book of Records as the world's steepest with a 35% gradient.
Shibu Inu and husky dogs were filmed conversing at an American Kennel Club centre. The two dogs begin yapping, whining and barking at one another before the husky loses interest in them.
Tanguy Pepiot, a steeplechase runner for the University of Oregon, had a clear lead on rival Meron Simon, who competes for University of Washington. But Pepiot slowed down after raising his hands in pre-emptive joy with 100m.
Carol Bennett-Chevereau from Quebec, Canada, filmed her pet moggy getting up to mischievous as he investigated a row of empty suit.
Footage captured at a birthday party in Sichuan Province. Woman holds two people on a plank of wood and starts lifting them up and down with legs.
Sam the German Shepherd was filmed at home in Pennsylvania as he struggled to keep his eyes open. He keeps repeating the same action before finally giving up and pulling a yawn.
Baron the German Shepard was filmed as he helped get the dishes done at home in California. Footage shows the pup reaching up and grabbing rinsed goods between his teeth from the sink.
A snowboarder in Japan filmed himself using a selfie stick to film himself on the slopes. But he was oblivious to the chairlift swinging into view behind him. The empty chairlift clatters the man over the head while he is still filming himself.
Saskia, 17, aced the 'Arsenal exam' given by her boyfriend with a score of 43.5 out of 50 or 87 per cent. Her boyfriend, who didn't want to be identified, gave her an A. The post has since been retweeted 9,600 times, almost five times for each of her 1,900 or so followers, with widespread congratulations coming from Gunners fans.
Arsenal host Chelsea at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday afternoon. Mesut Ozil took to Instagram to show off his new Apple Watch on Thursday. The 26-year-old compared his watch to TV character Michael Knight in the hit action show Knight Rider .
Jon Jones is wanted as a suspect in connection with a hit-and-run accident on Sunday morning. The 27-year-old is facing a misdemeanour charge related to an accident involving a pregnant woman. Police investigating the crash discovered marijuana and a pipe to smoke the drug in the fighter's car, according to reports police found marijuana in his car  .
Michael Bisping beat CB Dollaway on points at UFC 186 in Montreal on Saturday. The Manchester middleweight was in action for the first time since losing to Luke Rockhold last year. He said Dollaway proved to be 'a lot tougher than I expected'  .
Chris Smalling has signed a three-year contract extension at Manchester United. The 25-year-old England centre-back had been linked with a move to Arsenal. Smalling was due to be out of contract next summer but has now committed himself to United until 2019. CLICK HERE for all the latest Manchester United news .
Pele and Franz Beckenbauer played together for New York Cosmos in the 1970s. The pair turned the Empire State Building green to celebrate the start of the new season. Pele was asked whether he'd prefer Lionel Messi or Cristiano Ronaldo, and chose Messi as the best player of all time.
Hashim Amla has signed a short-term contract to play five matches for Derbyshire. South Africa Test captain will play three NatWest T20 Blast and two LV= County Championship matches. Click here for more.
Allan Donald has confirmed he is to step down as South Africa bowling coach. The 48-year-old former Test paceman has served his country as part of the coaching team since 2011.
Researchers at the University of Washington studied the telerobot Raven II. They found that robots designed for surgery could be 'easily' hacked in to. This is because they are operated over public networks. This allowed the researchers to access them and stop them working. They were able to change the speed of the arms of the robot and change their orientation. And they were also able to ‘easily stop the robot from ever being properly reset’.
Randy Boehning, a 52-year-old Republican lawmaker from Fargo, North Dakota, has an over 10-year history of voting against gay rights laws. On Monday, he was outed for using gay hook-up app Grindr and sent a photo of his penis to a gay man. He claims he was blackmailed by a fellow lawmaker who threatened to expose him if he voted against an anti-discrimination bill in April .
Jia Jiang spent 100 days deliberately seeking out situations in which he was likely to be rejected, film them and put them up on his blog. He decided to embark on his own rejection-proofing quest after reading one self-help book.
Mo Farah will race over 1500 metres at the Sainsbury's Birmingham Grand Prix in June. It will be the first time the 32-year-old has competed over 1,500m since 2013. Farah and Jessica Ennis-Hill to compete at Anniversary Games .
Thierry Henry believes Arsenal need to sign four new players this summer. Arsene Wenger will be looking to add to his squad ahead of the 2015-16 Premier League season. Petr Cech looks set to leave Chelsea after losing his No 1 spot to Thibaut Courtois. Click here for Arsenal transfer news .
Sarah Weatherill, 31, spent £5,460 a year on the popular energy drink since she became hooked in 2009. Law student became lethargic, depressed, had heart palpitations and was constantly anxious. She was told if she cut down too quickly she could suffer a seizure as her body was so used to the caffeine   .
Around 30 RVs live in a parking lot in the SoDo area of Seattle, Washington State. The unusual format has been captured in a series of photographs by visual journalist Anna Erickson. John Warden, 52, has been living in his vehicle for years after his apartment burned.
Suge Knight laughed in court on Thursday as he revealed he hopes Floyd Mayweather will bail him out after winning his next fight. The rap mogul was refused an appeal to have his bail reduced from $10 million to $5 million as he awaits trial for murder and attempted murder. His trial will begin on July 7.
The images were released along with a number of key pieces of evidence as the court was shown footage of the deadly incident in Compton on January 18 for the first time. Superior Court Judge Ronald Coen reviewed the items before determining Knight, 49, should stand trial on murder, attempted murder and hit-and-run charges. The close ups were intended to show the injuries he sustained from being punched in the face during the confrontation. Knight has pleaded not guilty to killing Terry Carter and trying to kill Cle 'Bone' Sloan.
Wolves beat Wigan 1-0 at the DW Stadium to keep play-off hopes alive. Benik Afobe scored the only goal of the game in the 25th minute. James McClean was sent off in injury-time for a second bookable offence.
Martyn Waghorn and Ed Upson were sent off for Wigan and Millwall respectively. Jimmy Abdou and Magaye Gueye scored the goals for the hosts in the second half . The win keeps the Championship relegation battle very much alive and puts pressure on Rotherham United  .
Petra Wetzel, 40, is a divorcee who lives in Glasgow with her son, Noah, nine. She set up her own business, the WEST brewery, in 2006, just eight months after Noah was born. Her flagship beer, St Mungo lager, is stocked in 100 branches of Waitrose.
Cui Hongfang, 73, died in front of horrified family members and holidaymakers after she was knocked over. Victim's family filed a civil lawsuit against the tourist, identified by Chinese media as Debra Fortin, 38.
The new 2.0 TFSI S line Quattro is fun to drive with lively acceleration that takes it from rest to 62 mph in just 6.1 seconds. The interior of a manual version of the Audi TT Roadster can be seen here  .
Police were searching for UFC light heavyweight champion Jon Jones in connection with a hit-and-run accident. The driver of a rented SUV jumped a red light and hit a pregnant woman in Albuquerque, New Mexico. Jones ran from the scene but returned to grab 'a large handful of cash' from the car .
Michael Essien's Range Rover Vogue stolen from outside his home in Cobham, Surrey. Former Chelsea midfielder left the Blues for AC Milan in January 2014. Two other vehicles, a Mercedes and a BMW, were also stolen .
AP McCoy will race at Sandown Park on Saturday for the last time before he retires. McCoy will host a party at home on Sunday for family, friends and racing colleagues. The jockey has 4,357 winning memories from his successful career .
Javier Hernandez has scored three goals in his last two games for Real Madrid. The 26-year-old has one year left on his contract at Manchester United. Real Madrid have 48 hours to make a decision on whether to buy the striker. United will field offers of around £10million from West Ham, Southampton and Lazio for the striker .
Real Madrid manager Carlo Ancelotti will not rush into a decision on Javier Hernandez. The striker on loan from Manchester United has scored four goals in four for the Spanish giants. Click here for more Real Madrid news.
Michael Juskin, 100, allegedly killed his wife Rosalia, 88, with an axe while she slept before he committed suicide with a knife on Sunday night. A relative discovered the bodies on Monday morning and called police. Prosecutor John L. Molinelli said the couple had a 'history of domestic issues' but that a motive had not yet been determined  .
Blaine Boudreaux, 34, has been charged with intoxication manslaughter, intoxicated assault and failure to stop and render aid involving death in connection to at least three separate DUI collisions that took place within three hours in Houston. Joshua Medrano, 6, who was a passenger in the sedan, was fatally injured. His mother, Cynthia, was hospitalized with a punctured lung and broken bones. Several hours earlier, the 34-year-old man struck and killed homeless man Leonard Batiste walking along Texas 5 Spur near the University of Houston.
Cournswood House is in the south of Buckinghamshire – in ten acres of secluded woodlands in the picturesque village of North Dean. The current owner, businesswoman Sharon Constancon, is related to the Leon family who once owned Bletchley Park. Dillwyn Knox led the team that made the first breaks into the code Germany was using during the Second World War.
Mel Greig has written an open letter to the media warning of the harmful consequences of always seeking for a new angle on world events. The former 2Day FM co-host shot to notoriety in 2012 after a prank call during the Duchess of Cambridge's first pregnancy resulted in the death of the nurse who took the call. The 33-year-old said in the letter that she understood the pressure of needing to find 'a new angle' when providing coverage of news events .
Cambridge academic Victoria Miller said the codpieces were 'way too small to be accurate' Damian Lewis, who played Henry VIII, said they were a source of 'giggling' during filming. Mark Rylance blamed diminutive codpieces on American producers .
Former super middleweight champion Nigel Benn takes on Ricky Hatton at his Manchester gym. Ilford-born Benn landed a series of punches, including one that saw Hatton's glove fly off. The 51-year-old secured 22 straight knockouts in just over two years as a professional and impressed on pads.
Micah Richards' contract at Manchester City expires at the end of the season and he is a free agent. The defender has been on loan at Italian side Fiorentina this season after being frozen out at City. Aston Villa, Southampton, Everton and West Ham are all interested in signing the 26-year-old right-back .
Andy Carroll is currently in Dubai with a physio and his pregnant fiancee Billi Mucklow. The West Ham striker had surgery after injuring his medial knee ligament against Southampton in February. Carroll will not have a summer break over the summer .
Nicholas Tooth, 25, was playing for the Quirindi Lions against the Narrabri Blue Boars in mid-north NSW on Saturday. He collapsed after hitting his head on an opponent's shoulder during a tackle. He was airlifted to Newcastle's John Hunter Hospital in a critical condition but died on Sunday. The young man was visiting his hometown in the New England region of NSW for the weekend .
Dramatic scenes were witnessed by researcher Brent Stapelkamp in Hwange National Park, Zimbabwe. The lioness had been chasing the giraffe, which can grow to six metres tall, with its pride. Other lionesses were distracted by a passing warthog.
Martin Odegaard joined Real Madrid for £2.3million from Castilla in January. The 16-year-old signed a long-term £40,000-a-week contract with the Champions League winners. The Norwegian midfielder was dropped from the Castilla side earlier this month.
Paige VanZant dominated Felice Herrig for a lop-sided points victory in New Jersey. The 21-year-old is one of the few UFC athletes to be awarded an individual contract with Reebok. Click here for more UFC news .
Paige VanZant takes on Felice Herrig at UFC Fight Night in New Jersey on Saturday night. The pair had to be separated after getting too close during the traditional staredown in Times Square. Herrig believes she is a better striker and grappler than Paige .
Chelsea beat Manchester United 1-0 at Stamford Bridge on Saturday in the Premier League. Jose Mourinho has come under fire for his side's lack of possession during the game. Chelsea won the game, and they did it in typical Mourinho fashion - by not wanting possession of the football. Click here for more Chelsea news.
David Raven scored the winner for Inverness against Celtic in the Scottish Cup semi-final. Celtic wrote to the SFA to complain about a penalty not being awarded to them. Celtic are like the brat of a child, over-indulged by parents.
Louis van Gaal is starting to assert himself at Manchester United after a stuttering start. The Dutchman will not be judged on his ability to repair the damage done by David Moyes. Van Gaal's record will need to stand comparison with that of Sir Alex Ferguson. United need to sign Mats Hummels from Borussia Dortmund .
Teana Walsh, an assistant prosecutor in Wayne County, Michigan, posted the comment on Facebook. She said that seeing protesters throwing rocks led her to the conclusion they should be shot. At least 15 people 'liked' the comment.
Chevrolet has confirmed that the van in which Freddie Gray sustained his fatal injuries does not come with a bolt sticking out from the back door. The design of the van does not seem to show anything for Gray to have hit his head on. The development raises questions about the official account put out by the Baltimore Police Department .
Georgia Davis, 22, who weighs 55 stone, had to be lifted out of her home in Aberdare, south Wales. The seven-hour operation involved two cranes, seven police cars, two fire engines and 11 medics to remove her .
A phallic shaped cloud appeared last week in Zuccoli, 25km southeast of Darwin. Labourer Noeleen Foster was thrilled to capture the suggestively shaped formation on Friday morning. 'I was pretty shocked when I saw it. I couldn't believe my eyes - it seems even mother nature has humour!'
A photo taken by photographer Patrick Semansky captures the moment one police officer threw a rock back at protesters while his fellow cops looked on. Fifteen police officers were injured Monday - two seriously - in the clashes with angry mobs rioting over the death of Freddie Gray in Baltimore, Maryland  .
Some of the more comical adverts that graced newspapers and magazines in the latter half of the 20th century. The men in the ads have something of the Don Draper from hit series Mad Men about them... albeit with a decade added on. They are uniformly brunette with a moustache whether they're advertising Scotch or whisky .
The 31-year-old musician was filmed wearing hip hop-style clothing as he stands in front of missile launchers and burning buildings. Libya's second largest city was seized by hardline Islamist group Ansar al-Sharia in July last year. intense fighting has reduced much of Benghazi to rubble.
The cost of maintenance and repairs to damaged public housing in NSW is nearing $13 million a year. The state's new Community Services Minister Brad Hazzard said the annual bill for repairs and maintenance on taxpayer-funded housing had hit $12 million. He added public housing tenants were already liable for damage but 'they don't have the money'
Philip Lyle Hansen, 56, is accused of removing women’s teeth with pliers and a screwdriver during sex. New Zealander has pleaded not guilty to 11 charges, including unlawful sexual connection and wounding with intent to injure four women. A woman, 47, who was in a relationship with Hansen during the 1990s told the court she never consented to it.
Stoke City chief executive Tony Scholes was in the stands as Sampdoria drew 1-1 with Verona on Wednesday night. Pedro Obiang has been linked with a move to the Premier League this summer. The 23-year-old Spaniard is available for around £6million .
Former Treasurer Peter Costello slams the Abbott government's approach to taxation as a 'morbid joke' He says the government needs to ' restart the conversation about getting taxes down, not up' Treasurer Joe Hockey was not impressed with the Costello critique, lamenting his predecessor.
Marlon Samuels scored 103 against England in the second Test in Antigua. West Indies batsman will remember his duel with Ben Stokes as one of his best innings. CLICK HERE for all the latest West Indies news.
Toya Graham, a single mother-of-six, was caught on camera whacking her 16-year-old son Michael, pulling off his ski mask and chasing him down the street as rioters clashed with police. She said she recognized her son's baggy sweatpants and 'lost it' when she saw him carrying a rock and walking towards police officers. The Baltimore police chief said: 'I wish there were more parents out there who took charge of their kids tonight' Graham's actions have drawn praise from moms across the country along with the Baltimore mayor who said she was 'Mom of the Century' .
Iran's Revolutionary Guards 'harassed' a US-flagged commercial ship just days before it seized a vessel carrying cargo and 34 sailors this week. The two incidents have raised concerns about the security of shipping lanes in the strategic Strait of Hormuz. The first incident was revealed by the Pentagon after Iranian guards seized MV Maersk Tigris by firing warning shots across the vessel's bows.
Indonesian President Joko Widodo ignored reassurances from his chief political rival that he would support a decision to grant clemency to Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran. Former Indonesian army general Prabowo Subianto twice privately assured Mr Joko there would be no political consequences if the Bali Nine ringleaders and others on death row were reprieved. This comes after a senior Indonesian government official praised the firing squad that executed the Australians. Indonesian attorney-general H.M. Prasetyo declared it was necessary to fight drug crime in the country, as he dismissed Australia's withdrawal of ambassador.
Floyd Mayweather dismissed Conor McGregor's recent comments about being able to 'kill' Manny Pacquiao in 30 seconds. Mayweather claims McGregor is just trying to gain publicity for his fight with Manny Pac quiao. Click here for more.
Elon Musk has unveiled a $3,000 (£1,980) battery that can run an entire home for eight hours. Powerwall is three feet wide and four feet tall, weighs 220lbs, and can be installed on an outside or inside wall. It powers up overnight when electricity rates are cheaper. Users can then switch battery on during the day.
Curtin University geologist Dr Zheng-Xiang Li travelled to Nepal to study how the Indian and Eurasian plates are moving together. The Indian plate is continuing to move North at a few centimetres per year - causing tectonic activity. But other continents are also moving towards each other, causing tremors and devastating earthquakes. In 50 to 200 million years they are expected to form a new supercontinent called Amasia, which may be centered on the North Pole.
Researchers studied stone tools used by people in the Early Ahmarian culture and the Protoaurignacian culture, living in south and west Europe and west Asia around 40,000 years ago. They found human tools were no more effective than Neanderthal-created tools of the same era. Discovery means we may need to rethink the reasons humans survived Neanderthals.
James Houlder fell ill while on holiday at the Sonesta Beach Resort in Sharm El Sheikh last summer. The 30-year-old has since developed Irritable Bowel Syndrome (IBS) and is still suffering nine months on. WARNING: GRAPH.
Manchester United scouts checked on Porto striker Jackson Martinez last week. The 28-year-old wants to leave Portugal and his club will listen to offers of around £30million. United are looking to add two strikers this summer with Burnley's Danny Ings an option.
England Women's Under 19s beat Northern Ireland 9-1 to keep Euro qualification hopes alive. Manchester City's Natasha Flint bagged a hat-trick as Young Lions came from goal down to win.
Alastair Cook's innings into day three in Grenada was spot-on, particularly the first hour of it. The England captain worked his way to an encouraging 50 but was out playing Shannon Gabriel on for 76. Cook's problem has been opponents stopping him scoring in areas where he has always been prolific. The key for him is not to play the drive too early, when the ball is moving around and his balance at the crease is not quite right   .
Twiggy, 65, shows off age-defying looks as she models new summer range for M&S. New designs include a chic denim jacket, floral and feminine print dress and leopard-print trousers  .
Donatella Versace, 59, and Riccardo Tisci, 40, have been friends since meeting at a Vogue Italia dinner a decade ago. This is the first time the pair have worked together.
Former heavyweight boxing champion David Haye was stopped at Dubai International Airport. The 34-year-old was accused of fraud over a £341,000 cheque which bounced. The cheque, worth 1.8million Emirati Dirham, was intended as a final payment on a new property. Haye has not fought since beating Dereck Chisora.
Chris Ramsey is the only black manager in the Premier League. He supports John Barnes' assertion that black managers find it difficult to get another job after being sacked. Ramsey believes the implementing of a Rooney Rule could help raise awareness of the 'covert' issue. QPR travel to West Brom on Saturday.
Former Ole Miss star Marshall Henderson was mocked for his alleged drug use by Erin Andrews on Twitter two years ago. But he jumped on revelations the TV reporter's boyfriend, Los Angeles Kings player Jarret Stoll, was arrested in a drugs bust in Las Vegas last week. He tweeted the former Dancing With The Stars contestant: 'lol wassup with your boyfriend' He was suspended in 2013 for allegedly failing a drugs test after having a seizure  .
Raheem Sterling was pictured smoking a shisha pipe on social media on Sunday. The 20-year-old recently snubbed a new £100,000-a-week contract offer from Liverpool. The England international played in the Red's FA Cup quarter final win.
The serpent like specimen was found by a local man at the entrance of the Otago Harbour, in Dunedin on Thursday. Samples of the bizaree creature, known to swim vertically as well as self-amputate its own tail, were sent to see Otago Museum for testing .
Chief executive Mike Coupe, 53, was convicted of embezzlement last September. Former business partner Amr el-Nasharty accused him of trying to illegally seize money from him. Coupe is believed to have travelled to Egypt last Sunday to appeal the conviction. Sainsbury's opened its first store in Egypt in 1999, hoping to capitalise on growing middle class still reliant on corner shops .
Joe Root has bounced back from a difficult Ashes Tour to prove himself as a quality Test batsman. The young batsman has been superb in his middle-order role, and should not be moved up the batting card .
The Russian man was filming a documentary in snow-covered mountains when he was injured. He was struck by a falling icicle which caused a blood clot and swelling in his leg which left him unable to walk. He decided to perform a procedure to remove the blood clot himself using only items in his first aid kit. Viewers must be aware the footage contains extremely graphic content  .
Anders Lindegaard and Misse Beqiri tied the knot last year in a romantic Mauritius beach wedding. The Danish goalkeeper has struggled for minutes at Manchester United since arriving in 2010. The couple have a son together and have been dating since 2012 .
David Howman, director general of WADA, said he is disappointed Armstrong had not apologised for costly and time-consuming lawsuits before he admitted using performance-enhancing drugs. Armstrong initially declined comment on Howman remark.
Former head of international cycling Hein Verbruggen says he will fight any attempt to remove him as honorary president of the UCI. He has sent the 'scandalously biased' CIRC report into the hands of lawyers after it was published in March .
Mesut Ozil has been sublime in recent weeks but he didn't do enough against Chelsea on Sunday. The German has failed to live up to his £42m price tag at Arsenal. Cesc Fabregas outshone Ozil as Chelsea showed why they are top of the Premier League. Arsenal need to listen to Thierry Henry's call for a new spine .
Rickie Lambert has scarcely been given a chance since joining Liverpool. Brendan Rodgers' decision to ignore Lambert in favour of Mario Balotelli is illogical. The England striker played 90 minutes 20 times last season, made 31 starts and scored 20 goals. Lambert should have joined Aston Villa in January.
Manchester United lost 3-0 to Everton at Goodison Park on Sunday. Louis van Gaal's side look far more vulnerable without Michael Carrick in midfield. Borussia Dortmund's Ilkay Gundogan and Sven Bender fit the bill. Henrikh Mkhitaryan could also be in the running for a move to Old Trafford. United also need a centre half, a striker and a centre-half in the summer .
Patrick Vieira is set to complete his UEFA Pro Licence this summer. The former Arsenal midfielder has been taking his coaching badges with the Welsh FA . Vieira's contract at Manchester City is due to expire this summer and he is a potential replacement .
Carles Puyol is said to be training ahead of a return to playing in either the US or Qatar. The 36-year-old retired last May after struggling to return from a persistent knee injury. Click here for more Barcelona transfer news .
Toby Huntington-Whiteley, 25, stars in the new summer advert for men's clothing brand Jacamo. He is joined by professional cricketer, Freddie Flintoff, 37, as they model the latest collection of clothing. The campaign was filmed in Majorca.
The robots, collectively called Avert, are the creation of a European consortium led by the Democritus University of Thrace in Greece. They are fitted with on-board sensors, including two lasers and a digital camera.
Progress M-27M appears to have suffered a major malfunction moments after launch at 3:09 am EDT (07:09 GMT) from Kazakhstan. It was due to dock with the ISS six hours after take off, but that plan has now been 'indefinitely abandoned' due to problems .
Taline Gabrielian, 33, of Sydney's Northern Beaches, has recreated the entire range of chocolate bar favourites. She has published the recipes through her best-selling food app, Hippie Lane. The mother-of-two grew up on a diet of Milo and Nutella, but has never looked back. Her recipes are all sugar-free, vegan and dairy-free.
Researchers at Yahoo Labs in California have created a sensor that can recognise the shape of your ear or any other body part you want to use to access your device. Called Bodyprint, the technology turns a standard touchscreen into a biometric scanner. To accept an incoming call, users would only need to press their ear against the phone. During tests with 12 participants, Bodyprint classified body parts with 99.98 per cent accuracy and identified users with 99% accuracy.
The Salt card is designed to end the tiresome task of manually unlocking a smartphone or tablet by automatically unlocking it whenever the user is nearby. The credit card-sized gadget also locks devices again as soon as a user moves out of range at a distance of 10ft (three metres) It connects to an app on a user’s Android handset or iPhone via Bluetooth and also tells them if they have strayed too far from their wallet, where it is suggested the card is stored.
Matthew Colvin, 26, was behind bars on Tuesday in Southhaven, Mississippi, and will be extradited back to Memphis on Wednesday. The Rock 'n' Soul Museum reported on April 21 that an employee discovered the glasses, valued at more than $2,000, had been taken out of a display case during business hours.
SsangYong (Korean for 'two dragons') has given its new sporty five-door family runaround a very European name - Tivoli. It arrives in the UK this summer in three trim levels - SE, EX, ELX.
Online fitness company Protein World caused a Twitter storm with its London Underground poster. The poster, promoting weight loss, came under fire from some feminists and body image campaigners. Transport for London are in the process of removing the ad, and now internet pranksters have hit back with their own version of the poster.
Fabio Lovato, 30, proposed to his girlfriend Laura Knight, 29, in their local Cineworld in Gloucester. The couple met while Laura was backpacking in Australia and Fabio was working in the country. They are now in the process of planning wedding.
Bombardier beetles secrete foul-smelling or bad-tasting chemicals from their abdomens to ward off predators. When threatened, they combine chemicals in an explosive chamber in their abdomen to heat and propel their defensive load. This behaviour has been caught on camera by researchers at the University of Arizona.
The pups were apparently discovered in a discarded shoe box on Tuesday afternoon. A note on the cardboard container indicated they were born last Friday and their mother had died. Kit the tabby had recently nursed her own kittens and was able to feed the puppies with her own milk.
Carl Froch was due to fight Julio Cesar Chavez Jnr in Las Vegas this month. The WBA super-middleweight champion pulled out with a shoulder injury. Chavez faces Andrzej Fonfara on Saturday night .
Jason Matthews, 40, left his black Saab 93 in a side street on his way to the starting line of the Manchester Marathon. But when he finished the race he was unable to remember where he had parked it. Good Samaritan Adam Coppin found it safe and sound in Salford.
Jordan Meikle stopped mid-race to ask his girlfriend to marry him in heart-warming video. The 23-year-old was running the race to raise funds for the Salvation Army .
Paul Smith will face Andre Ward on June 20 in Oakland, California. The fight will not be for Ward's WBA super-middleweight world title. Ward has not fought since beating Edwin Rodriguez on points in November 2013 .
Jack Grealish was pictured taking so-called 'hippy crack' after a night out nearly a year ago. The 19-year-old has assured Aston Villa manager Tim Sherwood he will not repeat his mistake . Click here for more Aston Villa news.
England beat West Indies by eight wickets in the second Test in Barbados. Alastair Cook's batting and captaincy was the key to England's win. James Anderson's performance was one of the greatest I have seen from an England player.
The Rubber Bowl in Akron, Ohio, was built in 1939 and it served as the home for the University of Akron's football team for 68 years. It hosted acts like the Rolling Stones, Ringo Starr, Black Sabbath, Simon & Garfunkel, Alice Cooper, Bon Jovi, Van Halen, Metallica, Tom Petty, Bob Dylan and The Grateful Dead .
Officers searched An Noor community centre in west London and Burnell Mitchell's home in Wembley. Businessman Leslie Cooper, 36, has appeared in court charged with murdering Abdul Hadi Arwani, 48. Police also visited the Wembley home of Mr Mitchell, a director at the community centre where he preached.
Lacey McCarty, seven-year-old Phillip McCarty and five-month-old Christopher Swist were found dead at their home in Palm Bay, Florida, in March. Their mother, Jessica McCarty was arrested on March 20 and faces three counts of first-degree murder for the incident. Her partner, Chris Swist, had nicknames for all of the children and coached the two oldest in little league baseball. Swist said that he had a great bond with the children, calling Lacey 'Chick', Christopher 'Toe Toe' and Phillip 'Smash'
Hector Morejon, 19, was shot dead by a police officer on Thursday while in a vacant apartment in Long Beach, California. His mother Lucia Morejon was at home when she heard the shots. She went to an alley to see what happened and realized it was her son in the ambulance.
The Fulton County medical examiner's office identified the woman as 25-year-old Alexia Christian. The incident happened on Thursday afternoon near the Fulton County Courthouse in downtown Atlanta. Police were investigating a call about a stolen car when the two officers saw the woman sitting inside the vehicle in a parking deck and took her into custody in a patrol car.
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott thrilled players at a Sydney Australian Rules football club function by skolling a beer. Mr Abbott was asked to have a drink by University of Technology Sydney Bats coach Simon Carradous. It appeared to take the Prime Minister about six seconds to down the beer.
Kayonna Cole filmed the moment at her home in Los Angeles. She remains calm throughout the video, but later suffered a reaction to the spider's venom after it bit her.
The cute calf had been taking a stroll through the bush with his mother at Idube Game Reserve in South Africa. But when the baby elephant rushed to catch her up he appeared to get his leg caught in the grass .
Young elephant named Jazmine approaches its mother Rozie and starts clambering over her. Footage captured on camera by a visitor to the ABQ BioPark Zoo in Albuquerque, New Mexico.
Medical and law enforcement sources briefed on the police investigation said Gray's 'catastrophic' head injuries were consistent with hitting a bolt 'in the back door of the van' They claimed there was 'no evidence' Gray sustained a fatal spine injury during his arrest. The news comes hours after Baltimore Police admitted the van transporting Gray made a previously unreported stop. The mysterious detail was picked up by a privately-owned security camera. It is not known why the van stopped at the corner of North Fremont Ave and Mosher Street .
Roger, an alpha male at the Alice Springs Kangaroo Sanctuary in the Northern Territory, was gifted his new friend by a fan. Sanctuary manager Chris Barnes said the kangaroo quickly became attached to the soft toy bunny.
AP McCoy rode his final race on Box Office at Sandown on Saturday. The 20-time champion jockey will be a spectator at the Punchestown Festival this week. He has challenged Channel 4 presenter Emma Spencer to a tennis match with a side bet on the outcome of the match .
Liam Ridgewell's Portland Timbers face Seattle Sounders on Monday morning at 2:30am UK time. The 30-year-old defender from Bexleyheath writes his second column for Sportsmail with the 2015 Major League Soccer season well under way in the U.S. He discusses his family's visits to Portland and coming up against Kaka.
McCoy has won virtually every big race in the calendar but his greatest feat has to be the immense tally of winners he has ridden. Peter Scudamore rode an incredible 1,678 winners but has seen his achievements dwarfed by McCoy.
Lada's 4x4 Niva has long been the car that bucked the trend of laughing at the Russian carmaker. It has won fans around the world thanks to its robust nature and chunky looks. We take a look at it.
Stella Maxwell, 24, was born to Northern Irish parents Stella Maynes and Maurice Maxwell, who worked as a diplomat. Has lived all over the world thanks to her father's job. Spends time with best friend Barbara Palvin and Miley Cyrus.
Boeing 747-8 is believed to have cost £400million and was customised over a three-year period. It has multiple lounges, a dining room and a state room for the owner to relax, as well as eight full beds .
The fly is initially captured enjoying itself as it fastens its big tongue onto the beef steak. Then it notices that it is stuck and a sense of panic sets in as it tries to break free.
Saige, from the US, has had enough of living with her mother for five years. The five-year-old tells her mother: 'Why can't you make my house clean?' Saige says she will move to her mum's best friend's house 'probably after tomorrow' .
Incident took place at Omaha's Henry Doorley Zoo yesterday. Little girl can be seen in window beating her chest at gorilla, separated by pane of glass. Giant Silverback then launches himself, and his hundreds of pounds, at her.
Sportsmail counts down the 20 greatest shots ever seen at Augusta National Golf Club. Arnold Palmer's birdie on the final two holes of the 1960 Masters sealed the title for the King. Sandy Lyle's bunker shot on the 18th hole of the 1988 Masters sealed his second green jacket. Gene Sarazen's shot at the 1935 Masters will be remembered as one of Augusta's greatest shots.
Sportsmail counts down the 20 greatest shots ever seen at Augusta National Golf Club. Mark O'Meara's winning putt on the 18th to win the 1998 Masters is ranked 20th. Tiger Woods and Nick Faldo are also on the list of the greatest shots to have ever been seen at the tournament  .
Lewis Hamilton won the Bahrain Grand Prix ahead of Sebastian Vettel and Nico Rosberg. The Briton extended his lead in the Formula One world championship to 27 points. Kimi Raikkonen finished second with Valtteri Bottas third and Fernando Alonso fourth. Hamilton's third win in four races so far this season extended his championship lead  .
Lewis Hamilton won the Chinese Grand Prix to extend his lead at the top of the Formula One world championship to 13 points . Nico Rosberg finished second with Sebastian Vettel third and Kimi Raikkonen fourth . Hamilton led the field on the run down to Turn 1 and never looked back as he claimed his second victory from three races . Click here for more .
Bahrain was the first country in the middle east to hold a Formula One world championship Grand Prix in 2004. It has been rocked by a number of issues in recent years, with the event being cancelled in 2011. Sportsmail takes a look back at our favourite images through the Sakhir archives ahead of the Chinese Grand Prix this weekend .
The Chinese Grand Prix has been held at the Shanghai circuit since the inaugural race in 2004. The track layout is like Malaysia and offers great reward for getting the line through the sequence of fast turns spot on, in the middle of the lap especially. Even the pit lanes can be challenging (you'll see if you scroll down to the latest in Sportsmail's series.
Zafar Ansari has been called up to England's ODI squad for the clash against Ireland. The Surrey all-rounder will make his international debut on May 8. James Taylor will captain England against Ireland in Malahide.
Nicklas Bendtner was not included in the Wolfsburg squad for Sunday's game against Schalke. The Denmark international turned up late for training on Friday and was dropped from the squad. The 27-year-old was due to start .
Bournemouth are set to hold off on expanding the capacity of their 12,000-seater Goldsands Stadium. The away contingent are currently crammed into a corner of the ground between the South Stand and the East Stand. Premier League rules state clubs must give away fans 10 per cent of overall allocation .
Manchester United will play four pre-season games in the United States this summer. Louis van Gaal's side will face Club America, San Jose Earthquakes, Barcelona and PSG. United will also play in the International Champions' Cup, the tournament they won in America last summer. United's shirt sponsors Chevrolet are keen for the club to visit the Far East .
Chelsea will play Paris Saint-Germain in a pre-season friendly in North Carolina on July 25. The French side knocked Jose Mourinho's side out of the Champions League at the last-16 stage. Chelsea will also face the New York Red Bulls on July 22 and Barcelona on July 28. The Premier League campaign kicks-off on August 5 at Stamford Bridge.
Raheem Sterling, Daniel Sturridge, Martin Skrtel and Simon Mignolet unveiled the new home kit at Anfield on Friday. The new gingham design is the first offering from US sports brand New Balance. New Balance struck a record-breaking £300million four-year kit deal to replace sister company Warrior as Liverpool's suppliers. Liverpool face Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Sunday. Click here for all the latest Liverpool news .
Liverpool have released their new kit for the 2015-16 Premier League season. New Balance will be supplying the Reds' kit for next season's campaign. Sportsmail picks out its five favourite strips from over the years from the Merseyside club. Click here for all the latest Liverpool news.
West Ham have announced a five-year kit deal with Umbro to supply their kits starting next season. The Hammers last wore an Umbro strip between 2007 and 2010. West Ham will return to Umbro kits for their final season at Upton Park .
Manchester United are expected to jet across the Atlantic in July for a 12-day US tour. There is no buy-out clause in their existing Nike deal that ends in July. United last wore adidas shirts in 1992. CLICK HERE for all the latest Manchester United news .
Bon Apetit have revealed that the best way to revive a stale loaf of bread is to run it under water. The water turns to steam, which rehydrates the bread’s crumb, or interior, while the heat of the oven firms up the crust.
Most searched for term globally is HIV and AIDS, followed by herpes and then Human Papilloma Virus (HPV) Chlamydia and gential warts attracted the most searches in the UK in the past year, while in the US herpes was the most searched for. Norway came out as what the maps called a 'herpes hotspot' generating the most. searches per capita for different sexually transmitted diseases in Europe.
Newcastle United face Swansea at St James' Park on Saturday afternoon. At least 10,000 fans stayed away from last Sunday's 3-1 defeat at home to Spurs. Fans group AshleyOut.com are encouraging fans to 'Stand Up To Ashley' this weekend. They have also asked fans to take part in peaceful protests outside Sports Direct stores.
Ben Stokes clashed with Marlon Samuels during the second Test between England and West Indies. But Stokes responded positively to the row after talking to England coach Peter Moores. England want to have Stokes in the team as much as possible to help him hit his full potential .
Pattie Boyd has tied the knot for the third time, this time with property developer Rod Weston. She was famously married to both George Harrison and Eric Clapton in the past. The 70-year-old model, photographer and author has found love for third time with Weston.
Floyd Mayweather Jr takes on Manny Pacquiao on Saturday in the most eagerly awaited fight of the century. Mayweather is as close to genius as it gets in modern boxing. He has fought the best fighters of his generation and beaten every one of them. Mayweather has won titles at five different weights and has fought men like Victor Ortiz and Robert Guerrero.
Kaka showed off an 'I belong to Jesus' vest after AC Milan's Champions League win against Liverpool in 2007. The Brazilian midfielder, who is deeply religious, was not mocked or ridiculed for the message. Why is it that when two men pray quietly in a small corner of an English football ground that their actions should be labelled a 'disgrace' The only disgrace, of course, was the blinkered, bigoted reaction .
Chris Ramsey is a fine coach who has been overlooked for countless jobs. He took the QPR position after Harry Redknapp saw the writing on the wall and got out. Ramsey is the only black manager in the Premier League. People tend not to like inconvenient truths about why there are so few black managers.
Raheem Sterling has been labelled an ingrate and a fool for refusing to sign a new contract at Liverpool. The 20-year-old gave an interview to the BBC that he had not cleared with the club. Brendan Rodgers called the interview 'a mistake' and shook hands with his protege the day after its airing. Liverpool lost 4-1 to Arsenal at the Emirates on Saturday .
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will step on the scales in Las Vegas next Friday. The winner will unify the WBC (Mayweather) and WBO (Pacquiao) world welterweight titles. Wladimir Klitschko has admitted he is considering retirement as he approaches 40.
Kell Brook faces Frankie Gavin at the O2 Arena in London on May 20. Amir Khan is set to fight Chris Algieri in New York on the same night. Khan's father Shah says Eddie Hearn should have toned down his comments. Khan Snr says the fight may never take place  .
Floyd Mayweather has spent $300,000 on yet another vehicle ahead of fight with Manny Pacquiao. Andre Ward is set to make his overdue ring comeback in his hometown on June 20. Carl Froch is unlikely to get his dream fight against Andre Ward or Julio Cesar Chavez Jnr   .
James Anderson needs just three wickets to go level with Sir Ian Botham as England's top Test wicket taker. The first Test in Antigua will be Anderson's 100th for England. Anderson 'wouldn't say boo to a goose', says former county captain.
Paris Saint-Germain have opened primary discussions with Paul Pogba over a possible move from Juventus. Sevilla are weighing up a return for Manchester City winger Jesus Navas. Yaya Toure remains Inter Milan's main transfer target for the summer. Stoke have made an enquiry about Dnipro flyer Yevhen Konoplyanka. Everton have interest from clubs in midfielder Mohamed Besic  .
Sami Khedira is being courted by several clubs including Manchester United and Chelsea. Schalke have struggled to come up with a suitable financial package for the Germany international. Juventus and Monaco have held talks about a deal for Radamel Falcao. Newcastle United are considering the merits of Fulham striker Ross McCormack. Click here for more transfer news .
Ander Herrera's form at Manchester United has not gone unnoticed at Barcelona. The Spanish side have a long-held interest in the 25-year-old as they consider replacements for Xavi. Manchester United and Stoke City had scouts at Pacos de Ferreira last weekend. Liverpool will reject Manchester City's proposals for Jordan Henderson as they look to keep him .
Chelsea kept a clean sheet against Arsenal at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday. John Terry was in impressive form in defence as Blues kept clean sheet. The 34-year-old's timing in the tackle has been impeccable for the majority of the season. CLICK HERE for all the latest Chelsea news .
Arsene Wenger can not be underestimated, according to Martin Keown. It's not just about style, he plays to win, says the Arsenal legend. Jose Mourinho always finds a way to win and has a brilliant record against Wenger. Cesc Fabregas would not have benefited from joining Arsenal if he joined the Gunners. Mourinho has a poor record in the Premier League Manager of the Month award, says Keown .
Jack Grealish has become the third top flight starlet caught on camera inhaling nitrous oxide. The Aston Villa starlet starred for Villa in their FA Cup semi-final win over Liverpool on Sunday. CLICK HERE for all the latest Aston Villa news .
Aston Villa have struggled to compete in recent years but are a proper club. Tim Sherwood has invigorated this side and you can feel that improvement in their performances. But for all the excitement Villa fans must be patient and be realistic about the club.
Patrick Vieira could be next in line to replace Manuel Pellegrini as Manchester City manager. Vieira captained Arsenal during his time at the club. The World Cup winning Frenchman has worked with some of the best managers in the business including Jose Mourinho .
Spain won the European Championships for a second time in a row in 2012. The World Cup followed in 2010 and now it seems the right time for the old guard to hand over to youngsters. The likes of Xavi, Carles Puyol, Xabi Alonso, Carlos Marchena and Joan Capdevila.
Real Madrid face Atletico Madrid in the Champions League quarter-final on Tuesday. Carlo Ancelotti's side have lost almost one out of every three matches in 2015 so far. Real have lost to Diego Simeone's side four times in a season and have not scored once .
Marseille host Paris Saint-Germain at the Stade Velodrome on Sunday night. The home side are top of Ligue 1, two points behind the visitors who are leaders. Marseille have not had this many points at this stage since winning the title in 2010. PSG have won seven of France's last eight Classique matches and have won the last eight in all competitions .
Chris Smalling has been at the forefront of Manchester United's resurgence at Old Trafford. Bayern Munich's Thomas Muller led the post-Porto celebrations at the Allianz Arena. Marlon Samuels salutes Ben Stokes as he leaves the field of play after being caught by Jermaine Blackwood . Sam Tomkins returns to Wigan from New Zealand Warriors after he signs a four-year deal   .
West Indies batsman Shivnarine Chanderpaul is a throwback to when Test cricket was true to its roots. Jurgen Klopp may find his mobile doesn't ring quite as hot from the game's biggest clubs as he thinks it does .
Italy embrace the Cricket World Cup (yes, really), a Neville takes charge of England and it's not looking good for the Rickies. The future of Test cricket could be in line for a change now Colin Graves is the new ECB chief. Rickie Fowler will bid to break his major duck at the US Masters next week .
Jack Wilshere is not for sale at the end of the season, according to Arsene Wenger . The Arsenal midfielder has not played for the Gunners since November 22 . Wilsheres has not featured for the first team since suffering an ankle injury against Manchester United . CLICK HERE for all the latest Arsenal news .
Oscar hasn't completed a full 90 minutes for Chelsea since mid-January. The Brazilian midfielder has been substituted or been named substitute in 10 of last 11 games. Oscar has failed to complete 90 minutes in any of Chelsea's last 11 Premier League games . Jose Mourinho has been called out by players for being too defensive before, by Cristiano Ronaldo at Real Madrid .
Arsenal drew 1-1 with Chelsea in the Premier League derby at the Emirates. Jose Mourinho and Arsene Wenger were both in good spirits before the game. Jamie Carragher, Thierry Henry and Graeme Souness chatted the fat after the final whistle . Click here for all the latest Arsenal vs Chelsea news  .
Wembley Stadium was a great setting for this weekend's two FA Cup semi-final clashes. The BBC and BT Sport presented both games from their on-site studios. Gary Lineker and Jason Roberts made some memorable moments in the coverage .
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-2 in the Manchester derby at Old Trafford. Gary Neville and Martin Tyler co-commentated the game for Sky Sports on Monday Night Football. Neville was damning of Yaya Toure's poor performance for City and his team-mates' lack of urgency. He was also quick to point out the 'graveyard' of City's right-hand side .
Harry Redknapp joined BT Sport presenter Jake Humphrey for live broadcast of Arsenal vs Liverpool. Ian Wright and Steve McManaman were quick to defend former Tottenham boss. Harry was in fine form as a pundit on Saturday.
Gareth Bale is a transfer target for Chelsea, Manchester United and Manchester City this summer. Real Madrid could be willing to sell Bale to finance the inevitable signing of a platinum player. Borussia Dortmund's Marco Reus is one star being lined up as a replacement for Bale. Petr Cech could join Real Madrid if David de Gea stays at Manchester United .
Raheem Sterling has rejected a new £100,000-a-week contract with Liverpool. The 20-year-old could lower his value by buying-out the last year of his current deal for £1.7m. Sterling's value could plummet by up to £25m if he chooses to buy-out. Slaven Bilic is in the frame to replace Sam Allardyce at West Ham.
Liverpool have put a £50million price tag on Raheem Sterling if they opt to sell the 20-year-old. Chelsea, Manchester City or Manchester United are among those watching Sterling. Bale's £75m fee and near £300,000-a-week wages mean his signing would restrict other signings under financial fair play guidelines at Real Madrid.
Charley Hull has the same mentality and 'wow factor' as world No 1 Rory McIlroy. The 19-year-old has added 25 yards to her drive since hooking up with swing coach Matt Belsham. American Lexi Thompson is another highly-touted golfer.
Spieth has competed in four events in a row as the new Masters champion shows his commitment to the sport. Ian Poulter, world No 3 Henrik Stenson and world No 10 Sergio Garcia have decided not to play .
Sporting America fell in love with Jordan Spieth because of his skill under pressure and sheer bravura. The 21-year-old won his first ever major title at Augusta National on Sunday. Spieth embraced family and friends after winning the 79th Masters at Augusta.
Tiger Woods returns to action at Augusta National Golf Club to practice ahead of The Masters 2015. Woods was making his first public appearance in 60 days since announcing a hiatus from golf. Woods practised to spots where he knows the flags will be located over the four days of the tournament. Rory McIlroy practised at the other end of the day.
Nico Rosberg blamed Lewis Hamilton for slowing down and bunching him up as Sebastian Vettel closed in. The German driver's attitude seems to have changed in the aftermath of his crash with Hamilton in Spa last year. Bernie Ecclestone recently highlighted that commentators 'don't fully understand' technical terms in Formula One.
Memphis Depay is the Eredivisie's top goalscorer with 20, without even being PSV's main forward. The 21-year-old has been linked with a £25m move to Manchester United from PSV Eindhoven. Depay has 'dream chaser' tattooed across his chest, and 'successful' inked on the inside of his lower lip. Click here for all the latest Manchester United transfer news  .
Michael Owen scored a hat-trick against Sheffield Wednesday at Hillsborough on February 14, 1998. The expectation surrounding Owen escalated as he became the new kid on the block in the Premier League. Harry Kane has matched Owen's best-ever total for a Premier League season. The Tottenham Hotspur striker will try to prove it is not a fluke this year .
Arsenal have won 11 of their last 12 Premier League games since David Ospina replaced Wojciech Szczesny. Arsene Wenger's side are 10 points clear at the top of the table ahead of Saturday's clash with Manchester United. The Gunners are not in need of major surgery and the spine of their team is now much stronger than at any point last season.
Eden Hazard is the hot favourite to win the PFA Player of the Year award this season. David de Gea and Harry Kane are the other leading contenders for the award. Chelsea captain John Terry will have told his squad not to vote for Kane or De Gea to give Hazard a better chance of winning .
Tim Krul appeared to congratulate Jermain Defoe at half-time during the Wear-Tyne derby. Sportsmail's Jamie Carragher criticised Krul for his actions while speaking on Sky Sports. Andrew Flintoff, who famously went to console Brett Lee at the end of an Ashes Test in 2005, joined in.
Eddie Howe is the man who has got Bournemouth buzzing. He is like Ian Wright, an exploding champagne bottle of a player; shake him up and watch him fizz. I can’t wait to see Callum Wilson in the top flight. He was on the back page on Tuesday morning.
Aston Villa beat Liverpool 1-0 in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Sunday. Jack Grealish was fantastic but Fabian Delph was the best player on the pitch. Tim Sherwood has done a brilliant job with Aston Villa since taking over at Villa. Steven Gerrard will be devastated not to make the final but for the club's sake, not his  .
Aston Villa take on Liverpool in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Sunday. Christian Benteke, Fabian Delph and Jordan Henderson set for midfield battle. Raheem Sterling, Ron Vlaar and Nathan Baker could cause problems for Reds .
Manchester United had four different scorers against Manchester City on Sunday. Marouane Fellaini, Juan Mata, Ashley Young, Angel di Maria and Chris Smalling have all proved their worth. James Ward-Prowse was one of my 10 players to watch at the start of the season and he scored this weekend. Aaron Lennon looks like he's loving life under Roberto Martinez at Everton. Cresswell's free-kick spray has been a big addition to the Premier League this season. CLICK HERE for all the latest news .
Sportsmail's Jamie Redknapp picks his top five Premier League goals of the weekend. Alexis Sanchez, Jermain Defoe, Bobby Zamora, Charlie Adam and Wayne Rooney all make the list. Redkn app picks his five best goals from the weekend and explains why they made his list. Click here to see how Sportsmail rated the Premier League's top five goals  .
Mesut Ozil is an easy target for ex-pros and pundits, but when he's at his best he is worth paying to watch. The Arsenal star was at his brilliant best against Liverpool on Saturday. Eden Hazard is the man Chelsea seek out when they need something special . Jermain Defoe's stunning volley gave Sunderland a 1-0 win against Sunderland.
Martin Skrtel misses Liverpool's trip to Arsenal after getting a three-game ban for stamping on David de Gea. Kolo Toure and Mamadou Sakho are in contention to replace the Liverpool defender. Arsenal striker Olivier Giroud will be hoping to continue his fine run of form. Click here for all the latest Arsenal news .
Michael Carrick has been unappreciated in this country for keeping the game simple. The 34-year-old has been ignored by England for so long because he's not Roy Keane. Fans love all-action players like Frank Lampard and Steven Gerrard but not Carrick. Andrea Pirlo's passing tore England apart at the World Cup and he is worshipped in Italy. England face Italy in a friendly on Tuesday night.
Martin Allen believes it is important for troops to follow order during this crucial stage of the season. The Barnet manager talks about how important it is to follow orders. Gary Rowett is doing so well at winning games and has steered Burton Albion in the right direction this season .
Carl Froch has not fought since beating George Groves at Wembley last May. Froch had hoped to meet Julio Cesar Chavez Jr but he lost to Andrzej Fonfara last week. Anthony Dirrell vs James DeGale is the most likely next fight for Froch on his return. Carl Frampton's team failed to offer Scott Quigg £1m.
Scott Quigg is desperate to fight Carl Frampton and has offered him £1.5million to do so on July 18. Kell Brook looks set to make a quick return to the ring with an appearance on May 30 at the O2 Arena. Frankie Gavin could challenge Brook for his world title in London in an all-British showdown. Josh Warrington takes on Dennis Tubieron.
Richie Benaud was the voice of cricket for generations, commentating in his native Australia and for the BBC. He was a daring captain and became the first cricketer to score 2,000 runs and take 200 wickets in Tests. Benaud never sought limelight and never soughtelight.
Australia have dropped the ridiculous policy of not selecting their best players if they are playing overseas. Stuart Lancaster must be free to pick his best players, no matter where in the world they ply their trade. The World Cup is simply about the world’s best coming together and ridiculous rules like this demean it. Matt Giteau and Drew Mitchell, for example, are top-class performers for Toulon. Nick Abendanon has also become better since he crossed the Channel .
Sam Burgess is set to start at blindside flanker for the second time for Bath on Friday night . Bath head coach Mike Ford believes Burgess will make a bigger impact on the game from the backrow . Burgess began his union career in the centre but is now set to finish the season as a back rower . The former rugby league star spent time with Stuart Lancaster's England squad during the Six Nations at Twickenham  .
The RFU and Stuart Lancaster are being urged to invoke the ‘exceptional circumstances’ get-out clause. Toulon flanker Steffon Armitage has been one of the standout forwards in Europe in recent seasons. Sam Burgess starts at blindside flanker for Bath against Newcastle on Friday night . The former league icon will be included in England’s training squad next month .
Charles Piutau rejected a new deal with the Blues and NZRU in favour of a season in Belfast. Wasps players incensed by the three-game ban handed to Nathan Hughes. Alun Wyn Jones can put his body on the line for Ospreys and Wales .
Chelsea should have had a penalty when Oscar nicked the ball past David Ospina in the first half. Cesc Fabregas was booked for diving after appearing to kick his leg out to find contact from Santi Cazorla. The Spaniard's fall was exaggerated and theatrical and that might have influenced referee Michael Oliver as he cautioned the Spaniard for simulation. The Brazilian forward was replaced at half time.
Final 18 seconds of England match to be replayed after ref disallowed penalty for encroachment. Referee Marija Kurtes awarded an indirect free-kick after disallowing a penalty. FIFA did something similar in 2006 World Cup qualifier between Bahrain and Uzbekistan. UEFA must hope it doesn't set a dangerous precedent.
Scott Dann was a fraction offside when he set up Glenn Murray for Palace's first goal. But it would be harsh to put too much blame on assistant John Brooks. He was spot on with two equally tight calls.
Leicester were bottom of the Premier League on Christmas Day but have won three in a row. Nigel Pearson's side face fellow relegation battlers Burnley on Saturday. QPR and Burnley have shown fantastic spirit in their fight for survival .
Aston Villa boss Tim Sherwood returns to White Hart Lane to face Tottenham on Saturday afternoon. Sherwood has revived Christian Benteke in the same way as he did for Emmanuel Adebayor last season. The big Belgian has seven goals in five games and looks a top player again. CLICK HERE for all the latest Aston Villa news.
Calum Chambers, Eric Dier and John Stones have all impressed in the Premier League this season. Chambers has played at right back, centre-back and midfield for Arsenal and Stones at Everton. England manager Roy Hodgson could field the trio in a back three.
Tony McCoy has enjoyed a farewell tour up and down the country since announcing his retirement in February. The 20-times champion jockey says he owes it to his family to go out at the top. McCoy says the response to his retirement announcement has made his final months easier .
McCoy finished third in the bet365 AP McCoy Celebration Chase at Sandown Park. The 40-year-old was presented with the Champion Jockey trophy for the 20th consecutive time. The Irish jockey finished his career on the aptly named Box Office .
McCoy was reduced to tears after finishing third on Box Office in last-ever race at Sandown Park. The 20-time champion jockey said it was 'the hardest day of his life' as he left the track. McCoy predicted someone will ultimately break his multitude of record-breaking records.
Orlando City beat Portland Timbers 2-0 at Providence Park in Major League Soccer. Cyle Larin and Kaka scored the goals for Orlando City in the first-half. Kaka sealed the win with a second-half penalty  .
The 19-time champion jockey could have ridden Cause of Causes who is owned by his boss JP McManus. The horse is ridden by a Grand National winning jockey in Paul Carberry and trained by a race-winning trainer in Gordon Elliott. Click here for more.
AP McCoy will race at Sandown on Saturday for the last time before he retires. Cheltenham Gold Cup winner Andrew Thornton says McCoy's style is unique. 'It is a bit like watching Lionel Messi on a horse,' said Thornton  .
McCoy insists he will never return to professional racing after Sunday's Sandown farewell. The 20-time Champion Jockey will ride his last two races at Sandown on Saturday. The 40-year-old rider has ridden in over 16,500 races and won 4,357 winners in his career .
AP McCoy will retire after two decades at the top of his sport on Saturday. The 15-year-old will be presented with his 20th and final champion jockey's trophy at Sandown. Claire McCoy says it was 25 years ago this week that he left to go to the stable of Jim Bolger. CLICK HERE for all the latest racing news .
Adam Gemili says he is nowhere near Usain Bolt's standard at the moment but it could be his time soon. Gemili has announced his participation in the Sainsbury's Anniversary Games this summer. The young British athlete says Bolt gave him great advice to really enjoy athletics and have fun with it   .
British cyclist Becky James has been sidelined for a whole year with an injury. The Road to Rio cyclist is desperate to get back on to the track after her recent injuries. James supported boyfriend George North during the Six Nations .
The state-backed giant reached the milestone yesterday as it lurched to a £446million loss. Comes after RBS was forced to put aside £856million to cover lawsuits and fines still being decided in the first three months.
In the corridors of power, Samantha Cameron, Justine Miliband and Miriam Clegg proved once more that they are the ones who wear the trousers. Samantha and Justine marched out in almost identical uniforms; dark slacks and blazers paired with crisp shirts and shoes.
Arsenal have started each season since 1915/16 at the summit of England's top-flight. Bournemouth's promotion means Gunners will start season in second place for the first time in 100 years. CLICK HERE for all the latest Premier League news.
Dise Sally Davies has ordered a cost review into giving all under-fours free vitamin D supplements. The country's chief medical officer is concerned at the number of children suffering from rickets. Disease is caused by a deficiency in vitamin D and causes bone deform.
Lee Joon-seok had been ordered to serve 36 years in prison for negligence and abandoning passengers. Sentence increased to life in prison today by an appellate court that convicted him of homicide. The 6,825-tonne passenger ship sank off the southwest coast on April 16 last year, killing 304.
Palermo president Maurizio Zamparini has slapped a €50million (£36m) price tag on Paulo Dybala. Inter Milan manager Roberto Mancini was spotted at the Stadio Ennio Tardini on Sunday. Manchester United, Chelsea, Arsenal, Inter Milan, Juventus and Juventus.
Theo Walcott believes Arsenal have been the 'best team in Europe' this season. The Gunners drew 0-0 with Chelsea at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday. Walcott has struggled to maintain a first team place .
Olivier Giroud has scored 14 Premier League goals for Arsenal this season. Thierry Henry said Arsenal need a 'top quality striker' to win the title next season. Arsenal drew 0-0 with Chelsea at the Emirates on Sunday. Francis Coquelin has defended his team-mate Olivier Giroud.
Olivier Giroud admits he gets 'p*****' with people talking about his latest hairstyle. Arsenal drew 0-0 with Chelsea at The Emirates on Sunday. Giroud believes Arsenal will continue to challenge Chelsea for the Premier League next season .
Asiana Airlines flight OZ162 made a tailstrike and skidded off the runway at Hiroshima Airport. Plane spun 180 degrees after impact to be left facing the wrong way on the runway after impact.
Fiorentina beat Dynamo Kiev 1-0 to reach the Europa League semi-finals. Mario Gomez scored the opening goal of the game in the 43rd minute at the Stadio Artemio Franchi. Jeremain Lens was sent off for Dynamo Kiev shortly before the interval for an apparent dive. Mohamed Salah came close to doubling his side's lead .
Boliva’s Cal Orcko paleontological site is the result of tectonic activity that forced earth upwards. It comprises 462 trails made up of 5,055 prints and frequent landslides reveal new ones. Some of them are more than a metre in length, indicating the size of some of the vast beasts that roamed the area in the upper cretaceous period - a time in which the majority of dinosaurs lived. Some belong to unknown species.
US researchers claim that exact prices of goods on eBay attract higher offers than round numbers. Sellers who end their price with ‘00’ typically receive offers that are five to eight per cent lower than those with more specific prices. When the initial price is a round number, such as $1,000, the average counteroffer is between five and eight% lower than if it is a non-round number .
Jack Wilshere has been out of action since November with an ankle injury . Manchester City are interested in signing the England international as they look to increase their homegrown quota . Arsene Wenger has told City not to waste their time in trying to sign the 23-year-old . The Gunners boss has been handed a quadruple fitness boost ahead of Saturday's clash at Burnley. Mikel Arteta, Mathieu Debuchy and Abou Diaby.
Palaeontologists in China say the impeccably preserved fossil belongs to a small dinosaur thought to have lived 160 million years ago. The strange-looking creature had small stiff feathers on its body and long finger-like bones extending from each wrist that were covered in a membrane like a bat’s wing. The dinosaur may have been able to glide and even flap .
Ravel Morrison posted a picture of himself posing in his new Lazio bathrobe on Instagram. The 22-year-old has signed a pre-contract agreement with the Serie A side ahead of his summer move .
Yevhen Shakhov broke the deadlock in the final 10 minutes with a left-footed drive that took a slight deflection. The Ukrainian midfielder latched on to a Ruslan Rotan pass to settle a tie that looked to be heading for extra-time. The Belgian league leaders set the record for most Europa League games unbeaten after the stalemate.
The snaps of a cat playing with a mouse on a roof in Shepton Mallet, Somerset illustrate the perils the tiny rodents face in the town. Ironically the pet cat's name is Mouse.
Carlos Bacca gave Zenit the lead after just five minutes with a stunning penalty. Salomon Rondon equalised for the visitors in the 48th minute with a close-range strike. Hulk scored a late equaliser to send the tie into extra time. Kevin Gameiro scored the winning goal five minutes from the end .
Jaysh Al-Islam - or Army of Islam - is a militant group that opposes ISIS and the Syrian regime. It was formed in 2011 when up to 60 rebel factions in Syria merged to fight the regime. Its graduation ceremony for trainee soldiers was held in the Ghouta suburb of Damascus. It included a fleet of armoured tanks and 1,700 soldiers in what it calls the 'largest military parade witnessed' .
A leading data mining firm claims that between 20 and 50 social media accounts active in Baltimore on Monday were also used some 825 miles away in Ferguson during the peak of last summer's violence following the death of Michael Brown. The firm said the link suggests the presence of 'professional protesters' or anarchists who are in Baltimore and are looking to take advantage of Freddie Gray's death to incite more violence. WARNING: GRAPH.
Visa Restrictions Index ranks countries globally in accordance to the travel freedom their inhabitants enjoy. Finland, Germany, Sweden, the UK and the US are able to visit 174 countries visa-free. Afghanistan, Iraq, Pakistan and Somalia are the most restricted countries. North Korea and Cuba are the least restricted countries  .
The We Are Handsome Activewear show was held at White City Tennis Club in Paddington on Tuesday night. Lindy Klim, former Commonwealth Games pole vaulter Amanda Bisk, Australian Ballet star Juliette Burnett, and Yogi and Instagram star Sjana Earp starred.
Australian designer Akira Isogawa sent models down the runway with faces covered in sequins. Hours later, models at Bondi Bather also showcased the sequinned beauty look  .
Charlie Bothuell IV and Monique Dillard-Bothuell accused of torture and child abuse. Charlie, now 13, was found in basement of family's Detroit townhouse last June after 11-day search. On Tuesday, he testified against his father and stepmother for the first time in court. Said his home was a 'very terrible' place where he was often beaten with a plastic pipe. Also said he was forced to rise before dawn for workouts and isolated from other children   .
Serena Williams fought back from a set down to beat Italy's Sara Errani 4-6, 7-6 (3), 6-3 in a Fed Cup play-off. The win gives the U.S. a 2-1 lead in the series.
A man in Hallett Cove, South Australia, smacked a huge wolf spider with a broom. He got the shock of his life when he saw hundreds of baby spiders come crawling out of the mother's body .
Serena Williams beat Carla Suarez Navarro 6-2 6-0 to win her eighth Miami Open title. World No 1 won the final 10 games in a one-sided final. Williams dedicated the title to her father.
The confused bird was seen swimming in the Grand Union canal earlier this month. It was spotted near the A4 flyover at Brentford by an eagle-eyed canal boat resident. The puffin was given some fish and wrapped in a blanket before being taken to sanctuary.
ISIS jihadis are understood to have been fighting local groups in the Hammam al-Alil area. Several of them sustained injuries requiring medical treatment. When doctors refused on the grounds they do not support terror group's activities, they were murdered. News comes as 60 Sunni tribal fighters executed .
A newborn baby girl was found dead inside the trash outside the Delta Gamma Theta sorority house at Muskingum University last Wednesday. It has now emerged the baby was alive when she was born and suffocated, according to the coroner. The child's mother is a student at the small school in New Concord, Ohio, but authorities have refused to release her name.
Chad Geyen, a married father of two from Ramsey, Minnesota, was found dead on Sunday from a self-inflicted gunshot wound at a park near his home. He had been accused of assaulting at least six boys hundreds of times, including his own foster son, between 1990 and 2013. He was set to stand trial on five counts of first-degree and two counts of second-degree.
Neymar opened the scoring for Barcelona after just 14 minutes at the Nou Camp on Tuesday night. The Brazil international scored his and Barcelona's second on 34 minutes to make it 5-1 on aggregate. Luis Suarez and Lionel Messi were also on the scoresheet for the La Liga giants   .
Mirko 'Cro Cop' Filipovic stopped Gabriel Gonzaga in the third round of their rematch in Krakow. Jimi Manuwa beat Jan Blachowicz in the co-main event of the UFC event in Poland .
The Finnish navy said it noticed an underwater target yesterday and again this morning. It fired some warning charges the size of grenades after twice detecting the presence of a foreign object. Finland, which shares an 833-mile border with Russia, .
500ft-long Oryol was in dock at Zvezdochka shipyard in Severodvinsk, 620 miles north of Moscow. The submarine's weapons and critical elements of its nuclear reactor had been removed before fire broke out. Emergency move came after premature reports that flames had been put out.
Eugenie Bouchard crashed out of the Miami Open to Tatjana Maria in the second round. The 21-year-old has a 6-4 win-lose record this year and has struggled since the Australian Open .
Serena Williams faces Carla Suarez Navarro in the final of the Miami Open on Saturday. The world No 1 has a win record of 17-0 since the start of the year and looks unbeatable. Williams has won the last two grand slams at the US Open and Australian Open  .
Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova saved a match point to beat Germany's Sabine Lisicki. Svetlana Kuznetsova beat Julia Goerges in straight sets to give Russia a 2-0 lead in Fed Cup tie .
Petra Kvitova beats Caroline Garcia to send Czech Republic into Fed Cup final. Czechs will face Germany or Russia in the final in November. Czech Republic are the current reigning champions and have been in four finals in five years.
The 42nd PFA Awards were held at the Grosvenor House Hotel in Mayfair on Sunday evening. Harry Kane is nominated for Player of the Year and Young Player of Year. Eden Hazard is hot favourite to be crowned PFA Player of The Year and Chelsea's Diego Costa is favourite .
Gloucester face Edinburgh in the European Challenge Cup final at the Stoop on Friday night. Jonny May will start on the wing for David Humphreys' side but has lost his England place to Jack Nowell. The 25-year-old is a childhood friend of pop star Ed Sheeran .
Serena Williams beats Camila Giorgi 7-6 (5), 6-2 to give USA a 1-0 lead over Italy in Fed Cup World Group playoff. Williams improved to 19-0 this year and 15-0 for career.
A man was apparently beheaded by ISIS in Hama, Syria, for being an 'alleged blasphemer' . The man was led from a van handcuffed and blindfolded before being executed by a masked man . Images are the latest propaganda released by the militant group .
Gloucester fly-half James Hook has won 77 Test caps for Wales. But he has made just two starts for Wales since the last World Cup in 2011. Gareth Anscombe is being touted as likely World Cup utility back.
Eidur Gudjohnsen opened the scoring for Bolton in the 55th minute at Cardiff City Stadium. Craig Davies doubled the visitors' lead in the 73rd minute with a low strike. Emile Heskey provided an assist for Davies to complete the rout.
Novak Djokovic beat Rafael Nadal in straight sets to reach Monte Carlo Masters final. World No 1 is bidding to win his third Masters title in a row. Tomas Berdych beat Gael Monfils 6-1, 6-4 to reach the final for first time.
The 29-minute video, titled 'Until It Came To Them - Clear Evidence', shows dozens of militants holding two groups captive. At least 16 men, described by Islamic State as 'followers of the cross from the enemy Ethiopian Church', are lined up and shot in desert area. 12 others are filmed being forced to walk down beach before being beheaded. It follows another video in February of the beheading of a group of 21 Coptic Christians on the beach in Libya .
Belle Gibson is still being investigated over claims she faked her cancer battles. Victoria Police had explored the option of criminal charges being levelled against the wellness blogger. The Whole Pantry founder has expressed concern over her family's safety in her first comments to media since she admitted her terminal cancer may have been 'misdiagnosed' . Ms Gibson said her son's childcare details, her home address and floor plan had been posted online last week .
Olavsvern Naval Base in the Arctic has been closed since 2009 due to security fears. Three Russian ships spent the winter docked inside the mountain hideaway deep inside the country's mountainous terrain. Norway's military leaders are worried by perceived show of strength from Moscow. Comes after 17 shows of military strength by Russia near the UK since January 2014, including two Russian bombers .
German aviation regulators say they were never made aware of Andreas Lubitz's mental health issues. European regulators warned Germany's aviation authority of inadequacies with health check-ups. European Commission told Berlin 'to remedy the long-standing problems' months before Germanwings crash .
Four girls live in Apartment 4 of Building B of the Campus West Apartments. Fire officials said one of the girls threw a lit firework at a roommate; the firework landed in a laundry hamper, setting the contents on fire. No one was hurt and the girl is not expected to face charges.
Brady posted a picture of himself lying in a hospital bed in a full body cast on Wednesday with the caption: 'Jordan's crossover no joke!' Google revealed a mirror-image version of its homepage, which can be accessed by typing in com.google and shows search results flipped around. Kelly Ripa and Mark Consuelos revealed they are expecting their fourth child on Wednesday morning .
In Britain we so enjoy the spiced, sweet rolls with a cross on top, that they used to be eaten all year round. Queen Elizabeth I tried to ban them, possibly finding the cross a little too Catholic.
Car insurance costs have plunged for young dental nurses and social workers, which are female-dominated roles. But insurers have pushed up bills for young drivers who have jobs that mean they are likely to be male. EU law bans them from giving more generous annuities to men .
U.S. coffee giant is being probed by European Commission over methods it used to lower its tax bills. Starbucks ran its European division through the Netherlands where it paid almost no tax on its profits. Dutch division paid just £1.9million of tax, despite reporting profits of £300million. Starbucks could face millions of pounds in back taxes.
DelRea Good of Portage, Indiana says that on March 23 she was charged with resisting arrest because she hit the brakes for Porter County Sheriff's Department Patrolman William Marshall about a half a mile down the road from where he asked her to halt her vehicle. Good was speeding and was driving at 54 mph in a 35 mph zone at 11:21 p.m. on a dark county road.
Drinking excessive amounts of alcohol when young can damage the brain and cause permanent changes to DNA. This can put teenagers at risk of anxiety disorders and alcoholism. Alcohol changes genes in brain cells, which stop the cells developing connections between them. However, researchers discovered a cancer drug may be able to reverse the damage .
Astronomers have used a telescope in New Mexico to watch a star take shape over eight years. The star – known as W75N(B)-VLA2 – is 300 times brighter and eight times bigger than our sun. The images were taken 18 years apart from 1996 and 2014.
EE customers will be able to pick up free portable chargers from shops. The chargers will be free to EE customers, and other smartphone owners can also sign up to the service for £20.
Some 5,000 people still die from asbestos-related diseases each year, making it a bigger killer than road accidents. Over 50 families have contributed heartfelt messages to new art installation in Covent Garden, London.
Bill and Hillary Clinton stayed with sugar barons Alfy and Pepe Fanjul at Casa de Campo, a resort they own in the Dominican Republic. The resort is at the center of criminal allegations now dogging a Democratic U.S. senator. Sen. Bob Menendez. He is accused of accepting money and trips from wealthy donor Dr Salomon Melgen in exchange for the influence of his office. Melgen flew Menendez and his guests on a private jet to stay at his villa multiple times, free of charge, prosecutors say. The doctor is also now under federal indictment, accused of bribing Menendez with gifts and approximately $700,000 in political contributions .
Dodge Durango can be seen hurtling at 60 mph towards the bus at 8.20am on Monday in Tulsa, Oklahoma. 36 7th graders on board the bus shriek with fear as it crashes into the SUV. Five of the 36 pupils were hospitalized with minor injuries and 11 were treated at the scene.
Dan Bilzerian was arrested last year for allegedly placing explosives in a tractor and shooting them. The Bureau of Land Management gave him a $10,000 fine, but also strong-armed him into making a short film about responsible gun ownership. The film shows him speaking from behind a desk in his lavish home, complete with a gun-shaped candle holder. He urges people to 'be responsible' when shooting and warns they can kill themselves or others when shooting exploding targets .
Steven Allison, 37, had been on the run from the law for a year after failing to appear in court. He was given a 30 month jail sentence for sexually assaulting two women in Leeds last year. But he fled to Australia where he found work as a labourer and handyman. Police tracked him down through his boastful Facebook posts to friends.
The unofficial 2012 paperback book was revealed by a plaintiff in a lawsuit filed by four sexual-assault victims who want to stop the practice of sexual assault allegations within the military being handled by commanding officers. The 130-page songbook contains 70 songs with titles including Pubic Hair, The Kotex Song and Bestiality.
Ukip source reveals party had initially planned for Farage to mention number of foreign patients suffering from tuberculosis. But when it was discovered antiretroviral drugs to treat people with HIV were more expensive, a decision was taken to use that example instead. Ukip first MP Douglas Carswell refused to endorse remark.
The Fat Duck Restaurant in Bray, Berkshire named eighth best restaurant in the world. Dinner by Heston Blumenthal at Mandarin Oriental Hyde Park came in at number 25. Alinea, run by Grant Achatz, retained its crown for the fourth year running .
Thomas Brock, 30, was shot dead at his home in Pasadena, California, on Monday night. Brothers Steven Rodriguez, 24, and Jacob Rodriguez, 29, charged with capital murder. Mr Brock's widow said she had no idea who.
A woman was forced to give birth to her son on the Interstate 65 North in Louisville, Kentucky, during gridlock traffic behind President Barack Obama's motorcade. Dispatchers received a call at 5.15pm on Thursday from a woman attempting to drive to the hospital from the hospital  .
Påhoj was designed by Swedish designer Lycke Mr von Schantz. It has a 'lightweight chassis' and is 3.2ft (1 metre) tall. It clips onto the back of a standard bike using a specially-designed attachment. A child is then strapped into the seat in an almost vertical position. The parent cycles to their destination, and once they arrive, can unclip the seat and push it like a buggy.
Teachers have warned schools are struggling to cope with influx of children unable to speak English. English-speaking children are not getting their 'fair share' of attention from teachers, they say. Concerns come amid growing crisis over places in primary and secondary schools.
Barbaric terror group released photos of crates of chicken being set alight in a field near the city of Aleppo. Food was burned after jihadis noticed labels on the boxes that suggested the birds had been reared and slaughtered in the U.S. The meat was slaughtered according to Islamic law and was perfectly fit for consumption  .
Republican Gov. Sam Brownback, a strong abortion opponent, signed the 'Kansas unborn child protection from dismemberment abortion act on Tuesday. The law bans the so-called 'dilation and evacuation' procedure and redefines it as 'dismembermentabortion' The measure also has been introduced in Missouri, Oklahoma and South Carolina, but only Kansas.
Kyle Knox, from London, was last seen at 10am on Monday at the start of the route for the 4409-ft high Ben Nevis. He failed to return to his accommodation in the Fort William area yesterday, prompting staff to alert police to his disappearance. Officers believe he set off on the mountain alone, despite 70mph winds and rain in the area .
Hagrid the lamb was born on Tuesday at a farm in Gelston near Grantham in Lincolnshire. The Suffolk Cross lamb is thought to be the biggest ever born in the UK at 25lbs. His mother is in remarkably good condition.
The 44-year-old Academy Award winner was at Barnes & Noble bookstore at The Grove in Los Angeles last week to autograph copies of her children's book 'Randi Rhodes Ninja Detective — The Sweetest Heist in History' But before the night was over people were dragging their kids out of line, demanding refunds on the books and stormed out of the store in disgust. 'Octavia was mean, rude and horrible to everyone,' former Octavia fan, Angel Guzman explained to the Daily Mail in an exclusive interview. 'She refused to engage with fans or pose with them for a photo,' says Guzman .
The Sopranos creator David Chase wanted Lorraine Bracco to play the role of Carmela Soprano's wife in the hit HBO drama. The Oscar nominated actress, 60, turned down the role because she had already played a mobster'swife in Goodfellas nine years earlier. Bracco accused Chase of lazy casting and said she wanted to play Dr. Jennifer Melfi instead .
Anthony Horowitz said books by David Walliams are ‘witty and entertaining’ but nowhere near ambitious enough. The 59-year-old novelist and screenwriter singled out Gangsta Granny and Diary Of A Wimpy Kid books by Jeff Kinney. He insisted such writers should challenge their young readers and not be afraid of serious ideas.
London Mayor praised the Coalition for having kept down unemployment and not returning to dole queues. He said the fact that more jobs were being created was 'one of the absolute moral triumphs' Comments will be seen as an attempt to position himself as leader.
Kevin Bollaert, 28, was convicted in February of 21 counts of identity theft and six counts of extortion for running a 'revenge porn' website. He was sentenced on Friday to 18 years in state prison for running the website and charged victims $250 to $350 to remove nude and embarassing photos. Victims were flown in from around the country to be involved in the prosecution and some have now said that they no longer feel ashamed for sending nude pictures. One woman even said she nearly killed herself after receiving a slew of hurtful comments after their nudes were posted on the site .
Shadow chancellor unveils poster claiming voters lost £1,100 each due to tax and benefit changes. But Prime Minister hailed today as 'money-back Monday' with raft of tax changes coming into force. Cameron has claimed Labour are planning to increase taxes by £3,028 on 'every working family' But Balls predicts Tories will hike VAT and cut tax.
Barbara Walters says that the former White House intern would be a 'run away success' on The View, a network source tells Daily Mail Online. She would attract great guests - even if casting her as a regular co-host would make it unlikely that potential 2016 Presidential hopeful Hillary Clinton or President Bill Clinton would ever appear on the show again. Barbara Walters has always believed Monica got the short end of the stick in the court of public opinion since their infamous interview in 1999. Lewinsky recently participated in a 22-minute long TED Talk that has made headlines.
RSPCA inspectors were called to a house in Lawrence Weston, Bristol, after complaints from neighbours. One horse was living in an alleyway so narrow it could not turn around, while the other was chained to the ground. Both horses have now been moved after a warning from the RSPCA.
Lubitz researched suicide methods and cockpit door security before crash, it has been revealed. Investigators also found a tablet computer which revealed a search history from March 16 to March 23. The 27-year-old was prescribed anti-anxiety drug Lorazepam to combat a range of disorders. It is so strong doctors have to warn patients of the increased risk of suicide. Second black box from the flight has been found yesterday.
Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul will announce his candidacy for president on April 7 in Louisville, Kentucky with the populist slogan 'Defeat the Washington machine. Unleash the American dream' An aide to a member of the Republican leadership in the House of Representatives laughed that line off on Monday. 'Rand Paul is as much a part of the. Washington machine as Joe Biden or Harry Reid,' the staffer said. 'If he's an outsider, I'm a Democrat' Paul has taken heat in recent days from libertarians for softening some of the principled stands thad has defined his brand since Kentuckians sent him to Washington in the first place .
Detective Patrick Cherry was in plainclothes and trying to park his unmarked Hyundai without signalling when the Uber driver honked his horn. The officer pulled over the cab and launched a tirade, questioning the driver's command of the English language as well as his driving ability. He has been stripped of his badge and gun and will be placed on modified duty before being transferred out of the Joint Terrorism Task Force.
Jean Wabafiyebazu, 17, was killed and his brother Marc, 15, has been arrested after a gunfight erupted during a drug deal in Miami on Monday. The boys' mother is Roxanne Dubé, the recently appointed Canadian Consul General in Miami. Their father, Germano, said his son Jean was killed when he went into a house to buy marijuana and that police arrested Marc after he allegedly threatened to kill a police officer. A second man, 19-year-old Anthony Rodriguez, was charged with second-degree murder and marijuana possession with intent to sell for his alleged role. Authorities say he would not be protected by diplomatic immunity .
The two-bedroom terraced property in Snodland, Kent, was first rented by Len and Beatrice Barnes in November 1915. The couple raised their son Gordon and three daughters, Freda, Hilda and Gwendoline, in the property. They bought it 40 years later for £350 and passed it to Freda when they died in December last year. Their 10 great-grandchildren and seven great-great-grand children have enjoyed the house.
Defence Secretary Michael Fallon claims Labour leader is 'so desperate' for power he is willing to trade away Britain's nuclear deterrent. Miliband said the Conservative campaign had 'descended into the gutter' and David Cameron 'should be ashamed' Comes as the Tories pledge to build a £100billion fleet of four new Trident submarines. Labour rushed to say it was also backing four submarines to replace existing fleet.
George Osborne said Labour had 'form' on jacking up income tax and National Insurance. Insisted Ed Balls and Ed Miliband would do the same if given the chance after May 7. David Cameron said voters would pay a ‘heavy price’ for a Labour government under Miliband .
John Chapple, originally from North Devon, first worked as a news and show business photographer before he got into landscape photography. He has captured all types of landscapes, including grassy fields in England, major US cities, and sandy beaches in Australia .
After two months and more than 100 witnesses, the prosecution has rested in the murder trial of former New England Patriots star Aaron Hernandez. The 25-year-old has pleaded not guilty to shooting Odin Lloyd five times in the chest and back. Lloyd, who was dating his fiancee's sister, was found dead in an industrial park less than a mile from Hernandez's home on June 17.
Aid agency has been negotiating for a week to deliver life-saving supplies and equipment to Yemen. The coalition has conducted 11 days of air strikes against Iran-backed Shi'ite Houthis. The UN last week said that more than 500 people had been killed in two weeks of fighting in Yemen. Pakistan is currently in talks about whether to enter the conflict - but political leaders are calling for diplomacy and a negotiated settlement .
Boobesh Palani, 26, passed away at Wellington Hospital with his friends by his side. Two teenage girls risked their own lives on Monday night to save a drowning man in Wellington Harbour. Police released images of Mr Palani in hospital in the hopes an appeal to the public would help identify him. A New Zealander travelling in Sri Lanka saw his photo online and told police of his name. Police said the man was dressed but had no identificatoin on him  .
Marina Lyons, 80, took her dog Rosie to the PDSA PetAid Hospital in Hull for surgery to remove her spleen. The operation was successful but when she returned home she noticed lots of bruising on the dog's back. She took the Lhasa Apso for a second opinion when she discovered the burns were discovered .
Prime Minister visited a primary school near Bolton to unveil Tory plan to improve education standards. But he was upstaged by six-year-old Lucy Howarth as he tried to help her read a story. The youngster pulled a series of funny faces before resting her head on the table.
Sudheer Khamitkar, 42, shot his 38-year-old wife, Smita, and their two young sons Arnav, 10, and Arush, 6, in separate rooms at their Tulsa, Oklahoma, home. The bodies were found on Wednesday as officers conducted a welfare check after she failed to show up for work or call in sick for two days .
Since Monday, over-55s have been able to withdraw all or part of their pension pots. First people to cash in their pots began to receive their money yesterday. Pension firms said Britons remained baffled about how the radical changes worked, with many unaware of age restrictions.
Police in the southern state of Santa Catarina busted the gang's lair. The loyal canine laid down alongside its owner and rolled over on its back. The picture has since gone viral in Brazil after going viral.
'Remediation costs' wiped out 61 per cent of Britain's biggest banks' profits between 2011 and 2014. Bill has been driven by payment protection insurance scandal and fines for rigging foreign exchange markets. Banks also face mounting costs from employing an army of compliance staff .
Pelvic organ prolapse occurs when tissue supporting the pelvic organs - including the womb - becomes weak. Many women are offered just one solution: a hysterectomy, which ends fertility. But a sacrohysteropexy is a half-hour keyhole procedure.
The Prime Minister was filmed at home with his family for an ITV profile due to be aired tonight. His wife Samantha said the family often teased the Prime Minister over breakfast as a way of keeping him 'grounded' But the chat showed them teasing the PM after he appeared to confuse the Disney film Frozen for a book. He also spoke frankly about the death of the couple's disabled son Ivan .
A researcher says a 'bone flute' found in Slovenia is not an instrument - instead, he says it is simply a bone chewed by a hyena with teeth marks. The research suggests historians have been fooled by 'instruments' attributed to Neanderthals. Dr Cajus Diedrich from the Paleo-Logic Independent Institute of Geosciences says they are chew toys of animals.
Shinto Kanamara Matsuri, the Festival of the Steel Phallus, is held every spring at the phallus-shaped Kanayama Shrine. Participants pray to a god who is said to help with fertility, child birth and protection from sexually transmitted infections.
'Marilyn Einstein' was created by superimposing a blurry picture of Marilyn Monroe over a picture of Albert Einstein. Features with a high spatial frequency (Einstein) are only visible when you're viewing them close up, and those with low spatial frequencies (Monroe)
Prime Minister David Cameron narrowly topped polls assessing who 'won' TV debate on Thursday night. 33 per cent of 7.4 million viewers hailed Cameron as 'most impressive' on the subject of the economy. But pollsters refuse to predict whether it will be Cameron or Labour's Ed Miliband who takes top job. Nobody is expected to win a majority when votes are cast on May 7 in closest election since 1970s.
Jennifer Drew, 31, has saved £17,000 over three years by spending an hour a day searching for deals and coupons. The mother-of-one is so keen on a bargain she even bags items she does not need and gives them away to friends to save money.
Researchers from London and Edinburgh have developed a computer that can collate meteorological information and then produce forecasts as if they were written by a human. It uses a process known as 'natural language generation' (NLG) These computer-generated weather updates are being tested by scientists at Heriot-Watt University and University College London. If the project is successful a prototype system will be tested .
Samantha Giufre, 19, suffered multiple fractures to her skull and face, along with bleeding on her brain on September 7, 2014. She was dragged behind a car and left for dead in a gutter in Casula, south-west of Sydney. CCTV footage shows the moment she was towed behind the car before she was abandoned. One man has been charged in relation to the violent incident, but police are searching for others they believe were involved. The young woman has urged anyone else who was in the car to come forward. Basher Hawchar has sent legal representation to court .
The self-made multi-millionaire bought the Glasgow property off-plan in the city's upmarket Park Circus area. She paid £780,700 for the duplex and had extensive works done before moving into it in 2013. It now boasts a magnificent reception hall and stairway and is worth more than £1 million. It is understood she will now move back into the five-bedroom mansion in Thorntonhall, Lanarkshire, where she and Michael lived with their three children after agreeing a deal .
Protesters mounted Admiralty Arch, which joins Trafalgar Square with the Mall, and called for others to join them. Banners bearing messages such as 'better squat than let homes rot' and 'respect existence or expect resistance' were seen hanging from the Grade-I listed building. They are believed to be the same group who took over the former offices of the Institute of Directors on Pall Mall last month. Building, not far from Buckingham Palace, was originally opened by Tony Blair.
The self-proclaimed kidnapper who claims to have masterminded the kidnapping of Denise Huskins in California says he will turn himself in, but only if his co-conspirators are given immunity. In yet another email to the San Francisco Chronicle, the individuals wrote that police could accept this offer, or that he would 'go overseas and teach English' or 'live off the grid and read books for the rest of my life' This comes one day after the group demanded an apology from the police for calling the entire incident a hoax. Huskins, 29, was allegedly snatched from her home by kidnappers who tied her boyfriend up on March 23, then released one day later 400 miles away beside her parents' home. After her 'release' police accused them of staging the kidnapping – a claim they denied.
Gen Nakatani promised lawmakers that there had been no alien breach of Japanese airspace. The nation's war planes can be scrambled whenever there is a report of an unidentified flying object but so far no aliens.
Lady Penelope and her faithful chauffeur Aloysius Parker have been given slight tweaks for 2015. Lady Penelope is this time voiced by Gone Girl actress Rosamund Pike. She has also lost the twin-set and pearls and looks a much more modern agent.
Audrey Dimitrew, 16, of Virginia accepted a spot on the under-16 Chantilly Juniors club in November believing she would get playing time. She was benched the first two tournaments of the season and was told her skills were not up to par to compete with her team. Her coach told her she could transfer to another club or be a practice player for the team. She chose to transfer and found another club, but the league said she could not transfer. Her family has now filed a lawsuit against the league and the club .
Danel Hall Jr was walking down the street in Centre Point, Alabama, when a man was chased by a neighbourhood dog. A third person suddenly started shooting at the animal, but stray bullets hit Danel in the stomach and buttocks.
The five-second rule has been cited to justify picking up everything from a salt and vinegar chip to an assortment of cold cuts. Experts say dry foods, like cookies, are less hazardous and can be OK. Dry foods are things such as potato chips, lollies, nuts, biscuits, crackers .
Geraldine Alcorn, 29, of Pittsburgh, has waived a preliminary hearing on a felony charge that she interfered with the girl's legal custody. In exchange for the waiver, prosecutors dropped two other misdemeanors she faced: luring a child into a vehicle and corruption of minors. Alcorn allegedly encrypted her phone number on the girl’s math homework, exchanged thousands of text messages with her and even talked of adopting and running away with her. The girl's mother complained to school officials after finding out Alcorn had visited the girl at their home .
NBC sketch show parodied the daytime CNN Newsroom, which turned into a series of let-downs when it emerged there was no footage for the stories they were covering. But the ingenious producers managed to cover up with abysmal animations to illustrate the Germanwings crash and Iran negotiations.
The state Board of Parole Hearings granted parole to 63-year-old James Schoenfeld on the 20th time it considered the possibility of releasing the California man. Schoenfield abducted the children and then kept them 'buried alive' in an underground trailer while he and his co-conspirators negotiated a $5million ransom. The kidnappers were inspired by the 1971 Clint Eastwood film Dirty Harry in which the antagonist kidnaps a school bus of children in exchange for ransom. All three men received life sentences after pleading guilty to kidnapping charges. The victims of the kidnapping described the suffering they felt 39 years later in a heartfelt letter to the board.
Luke Shambrook was last seen leaving Candlebark Campground in Fraser National Park near Lake Eildon at 9.30am on Good Friday. The 11-year-old, who is autistic, may not even know he is lost and is known to hide, according to his family. He was reportedly seen walking near the Devils River on Sunday, four kilometres south of his campsite. Search crews have rushed to the location and police remain comfortable he is still alive. A large search is being carried out by search and rescue teams including the air wing, dog squad, local police and SES volunteers .
Rabie Dardouna, 33, said he has been 'duped' into selling door to a local artist for just £100. Painting, titled 'Bomb Damage,' was drawn on metal door that formed last remaining part of house in Gaza. He is demanding the decorated door is returned after being told of its true value .
Jon Huxley, 46, hopes to cash in on Fifty Shades of Grey effect at Westward Ho! in Folkestone, Kent. Plans to install sex swings, bondage rooms and dungeons and have rooms of differing sizes for couples .
Summer Michelle Hansen, 32, of California, entered a guilty plea in February to 16 felony counts related to sex acts with her five male students. She was sentenced on Friday to three years in state prison and must register as a sex offender for life. Hansen made an emotional plea to the victims' parents and said: 'I'm not a monster. I made bad choices in life and for that I'm truly, truly sorry' The crimes took place in her classroom, a school utility room, her car and at one victim's home between May 2012 and 2013 .
The short lunar began at 10.58pm (AEDT) and finished at 11.03pm. Wet and cloudy weather was to blame for Sydneysiders missing out on the event. Brisbane, Darwin, Canberra and Hobart residents were also promised slim chance of viewing the phenomenon due to poor weather conditions. Adelaide, Melbourne and Perth residents had the clearest skies out of all the states .
Dark.Cyanide, 18, climbs up some of the city's tallest buildings without ropes or harnesses. The teenager, who goes by the name of 'NY historian', says he likes photographing New York because it is huge and constantly changing. His Instagram page has 8,000.
Genes for Good is a Facebook app designed to survey the health of millions of social network users. Users can also send in spit samples to tie their survey results to their genes. It was set up by biostatisticians from the University of Michigan and is available over 18s in the US. Each member who submits a spit sample will also see a copy of their results, which include their genetic ancestry as well as genetic data.
Louis Jordan, 37, was picked up by a German-flagged ship at 1:30 p.m. on Thursday - 66 days after he took off to do some fishing. He was found sitting on the capsized hull of his sailboat, Angel, which had lost its mast and was approximately 200 miles east of Cape Hatteras, North Carolina. A Coast Guard helicopter crew from North Carolina flew to the ship and airlifted Jordan to a hospital in Norfolk, Virginia. He survived his ordeal by drinking rain water and eating raw fish and flour fried in oil while stranded at sea .
Around 56,000 dogs were treated for poisoning by vets between 2010 and 2014. Painkillers were the most common cause of poisoning, followed by rat and mouse bait and chocolate. Onions, garlic and leeks can cause life-threatening anaemia in dogs .
Marylin Stoneman, 64, entrusted with victim's pin number, cheque books and bank cards to manage his financial affairs. But she abused trust and began withdrawing up to £200 a day to feed her gambling habit, court heard. She admitted stealing £22,650 but was ordered to pay back just £1,350 - which was all that remained .
Chloe the wombat first made headlines after her special bond with her surrogate zookeeper mum emerged last December. She recently moved into her new digs alongside a couple of echidnas at Taronga Zoo in Sydney. The pair have been inseparable since Chloe came to the zoo three months ago.
ABC has asked Big Bang Theory co-creator Bill Prady to mastermind the revival. New Muppets Show will feature Kermit the Frog, Miss Piggy, Fozzie Bear and others.
Tutti Rouge's Jessica features removable cookies (light foam pads that sit inside a pocket within the bra) to give ample bosoms extra oomph. Ashley James, who starred on Made In Chelsea, models.
Gary Lineker launches scathing attack on Ukip leader Nigel Farage during TV election debate. Former England footballer tweeted: 'Always reluctant to offer a political view, but Farage is a d***!' He took another dig at the Ukip leader later on writing: 'Who would you back? I reckon Farage would leather it over the bar. And blame the foreign goalkeeper for moving' Former Manchester United defender Rio Ferdinand also left uninspired by the debate on Twitter .
Patrons at a bar opening inside the Resorts World Casino, next to JFK airport, reportedly turned on one another around 10pm. Video of the fight shows a crowd of people erupting from a bar area.
The Let's Move! Initiative encourages people to eat better, be more active and healthier. Michelle Obama and Jimmy Fallon performed a routine to a cover of I Like The Way You Move to celebrate the fifth anniversary of her anti-childhood obesity campaign .
Lt. Col. Anthony Shaffer said on Fox News' The O'Reilly Factor on Monday night that Bowe Bergdahl 'had Afghan contacts and he was actually trying to offer himself up with the Taliban' The former military intelligence officer said he had been told the information by two senior sources who knew about a 2009 Naval Criminal Investigative Service investigation. The investigation reportedly included a forensic review of his computer which showed his apparent intent to travel to Uzbekistan and talk to Russian organized crime.
The EU has been investigating the US search engine for five years following complaints that it abuses its dominance in the continent. If found to have been behaving unfairly, Google could be fined ten per cent of its annual revenues, which would be more than £4billion .
A total lunar eclipse will transform the moon on Saturday night and will be visible in the skies of North America, Asia and Australia. It is the third in a series of four blood moons, with the final one expected on September 28. Pastor John Hagee said the sight suggests a world-changing event will take place, as predicted in the Bible. Nasa says the change in hue is entirely harmless .
The Borden family burial monument at Oak Grove Cemetery in Fall River, Massachusetts was defaced with black and green paint. The vandalism was discovered on Monday, the day after a Lifetime miniseries, The Lizzie Borden Chronicles, premiered. Borden went on trial for brutally murdering her father and stepmother with a hatchet in 1892.
 iiNet Limited, Internode, Amnet Broadband, Dodo Services, Adam Internet and Wideband Networks affected by ruling. Identity of over 4,726 individuals will be provided to copyright holder of Dallas Buyers Club LLC. iiNet warns customers to expect 'intimidating' invoicing.
French health chiefs say UK is responsible for sharp rise in number of youngsters binge-drinking. They claim the practice of going out to get drunk is an 'Anglo-Saxon phenomenon' and is being copied by increasing numbers of youths on the continent.
Only ultra low emission vehicles and electric cars would be allowed in the UK in 2040. Normal petrol and diesel engines which make up vast majority of motor vehicles would be barred. Lib Dem leader Nick Clegg wants to tackle air pollution.
Some 82% of 3,500 NASUWT members polled were verbally abused by pupils in the last 12 months. 38% suffered similar problems with parents or carers compared with 24% in 2014. 23% received threats of physical assault from a pupil.
Maxwell Morton, 16, of Jeannette, Pennsylvania, charged with first-degree murder and possession of a firearm by a minor . Ryan Mangan, a junior at the school where Morton was also a student, was found dead at his home February 4 with a single gunshot wound to the face. Morton was identified by police after he sent a selfie on Snapchat of himself posing with Mangan's body slumped over a chair with a bloody wound to his face. Police also recovered a 9mm handgun from the basement of the boy's home .
Reality TV star and glamour model unveils summer collection with Honeyz.com. Full of boho frocks, paisley prints and flowing maxi dresses. Inspired by seventies influence spotted on SS15 catwal.
Mike Heatlie, 42, launched the violent attack on Fiona McCartney outside a nightclub in Edinburgh. Ms McCartney is now facing a £7,000 dental bill and says she is too frightened to leave her home. Heatlie pleaded guilty at Edinburgh Sheriff Court in March to the attack. He claims to have helped train Stefani before her 2009 U.S tour .
The incredibly detailed works of art were inspired by Faberge's famous jewelled eggs. They were painstakingly created by 14 of the UK's top cake artists. Each of the intricate treats is entirely edible  .
Blanca Cousins, 15, fell to her death from the 19th floor of her family's luxury flat in Hong Kong this week. Her father Nick Cousins, 57, was arrested over alleged 'ill treatment' of her. Police are investigating whether her birth and that of her sister, 14, were ever registered. It is also alleged that they did not attend school. Mr Cousins was also questioned over claims that his Filipino partner, Grace Garcia Cousins, 53, overstayed visa.
Lawyer says images broadcast from Hyper Cacher on January 9 'lacked the most basic precautions' Amedy Coulibaly stormed into the store, killing four and taking others captive. He was shot dead in a hail of gunfire by French special forces. Lawsuit charges media with endangering lives of others .
Prisoner Syed Viqaruddin 'tried to snatch a rifle from a policeman and tried to escape from police van' He was one of five men killed in the shooting in Hyderabad, southern India, this morning. Four other men also killed were said to be members of Tehreek Ghalaba E Islam terror group .
Raymond Frolander, 18, jailed for 25 years after pleading no contest to lewd and lascivious molestation. Teenager was beaten to a pulp by furious father after he walked in on him performing sex act on son, 11. After arrest, police released mugshot of Frolander sporting swollen lips, black bruises and lacerations to face. Now, he has been sentenced to quarter of a century in prison by Circuit Judge Leah Case. Frolander will be listed as a sexual predator, be on sex offender probation and undergo electronic monitoring .
Kecil the baby orangutan had a tough start to life after his natural mother and a surrogate mother rejected him. But the one-year-old ape found love at the third time of asking with second surrogate mother Maggie at Chicago's Brookfield Zoo. The pair now have an inseparable bond.
Qatar Airways flight landed at Birmingham airport on Monday night after severe winds foiled two landing attempts at Manchester. Passengers were made to stay in their seats as they waited for plane to be refuelled and new flight crew to arrive. Police were first called to Birmingham after passengers started 'kicking off', according to one witness. Officers returned two hours later.
Diwalinen Vankar, 58, went with daughter Kanta, 19, to the bank of the Vishwamitri River in west India to wash their clothes. A crocodile grabbed Kanta's leg and dragged her into the murky river - her mother rescued her by hitting it with a washing paddle. Kanta suffered a leg injury .
Andy Murray beat Tomas Berdych 6-4, 6- 4 to reach the Miami Open final. The Scot will face Novak Djokovic in Sunday's final after the Serbian beat John Isner. Murray will face his nemesis in the final for the first time since Indian Wells.
Blue tit collected moss, grass and straw to line a nest in a damaged street light near Copenhagen. Bird usually takes between one to two weeks to build a nest ready for eggs.
The Queen was all smiles as she arrived at Sheffield Cathedral for the traditional ceremony. Joined by the Duke of Edinburgh, her Majesty was there to present 'alms' to 89 women and 89 men. The Royal Maundy Service is one of the UK's oldest royal customs. Monarchs have been presenting alms since 1210.
Police were called to Boonies Bar in West Palm Beach, Florida, on Friday night. Beatrize Carrion-Moore, 23, was 'extremely intoxicated' and refused to leave the bar. She was charged with trespassing after warning and resisting arrest.
Tong Shao, 20, a chemical engineering student at Iowa State University, went missing in September 2014. Her body was found stuffed in the trunk of her Toyota Camry on September 26. Her boyfriend, Xiangnan Li, 23, was listed as a person of interest in the case and is believed to have been the last person to see her alive. However he bought a one-way ticket to China in the days after his girlfriend went missing and has disappeared. An arrest warrant has now been issued for him.
Haley Mulholland became suspicious husband Kevin was having an affair after reading his Facebook page. She monitors his movements, checks his phone and even sniffs him to see if she can smell another woman's perfume. The mother-of-eight says she does not want any other woman to have him.
Ben Morgan has not played since breaking his left leg playing against Saracens in January. Gloucester No 8 is hopeful of featuring for England at the forthcoming World Cup . Morgan underwent final surgery to remove a pin from his leg .
Dr Milton Wainwright has been trying to convince academics that he has found aliens in Earth's stratosphere for several years. Now he claims he has new evidence of 'extra-terrestrial organisms' floating 25 miles (40km) above the planet. He says the organisms test positive for DNA, and have masses that are 'six times bigger than the size limit of a particle which can be elevated from Earth to this height'
Jose Alberto, 58, was found dead next to a scarecrow in San Jose de Balcare, eastern Argentina. Prosecutors believe he died while having sex with it after dressing it up in a long-haired wig and lipstick. No signs of violence found.
11 percent of computer scientists currently in higher education haven't had sex. Nine per cent of physicists declared that they were still virgins, followed by dentists. Art and sociology pupils most likely to have had sex, with just one per cent claiming they were virgins .
Steven Abberley, 28, hurled a tirade of abuse at politicians during a session in the House of Commons. Threw the glass balls from the public gallery, but they missed MPs and hit a security screen. When arrested, he told police he had daubed the words 'the enemy within' in red paint on the palace's walls  .
Staff at Ceva Logistics in Redford, Michigan heard moaning coming from a bathroom stall at around 10am Tuesday. The 26-year-old woman, who has not been named, delivered a baby that was later pronounced dead. The unnamed mother had previously told colleagues she was pregnant .
A hilarious new hashtag has popped up on social media site Instagram exposing some of the 'awful' things parents do to their children. #a**holeparentparent has almost 4000 posts from parents all over the world, with children crying .
The 45-year-old man had suffered a condition called arteriovenous malformation for the past 20 years. Doctors at the Vall d'Hebron hospital in Barcelona say it is the most difficult surgery they have carried out to date .
The inscriptions were found in Naours - a two-hour drive north of Paris - and left for posterity by young men facing the horror of trench warfare a few dozen miles away at the Somme. The site's proximity to the battlefields adds to the discovery's importance, with experts saying: 'It provides insight into how they found a sense of meaning in the conflict'
Half of three to six-year-olds say they worry about being fat, with a fifth of girls under 11 confessing to have even tried diets. The fact ‘hot-or-not’ videos are so public increases a young person’s feelings of shame and powerlessness about how they look. My worry is that youngsters internalise these labels.
Scar Booth offers a gallery of 77 wounds - purportedly real ones - which can be superimposes onto selfies. App's makers boast: 'Your friends and family will be convinced that you have suffered a painful beating' Anti-violence charities have hit back at disturbing app .
Coffee giant Starbucks bought the garage in Los Angeles last year and have now finished its transformation into a drive through coffee shop. Opened in 1935 by Gilmore Oil, it served the drivers of Hollywood until it was abandoned.
Satellite TV operator DirecTV has pulled the plug on its popular advertising campaign featuring Rob Lowe after complaints by rival Comcast. The cable company complained to the Better Business Bureau's National Advertising Division that the ads featured a number of false claims.
Trading Standards officials in Buckinghamshire and Surrey raised the alarm over the Chinese made decorations. They were 'likely to contravene food imitation safety rules' The eggs have now been withdrawn nationwide ahead of the Easter break. WARNING: GRAPH.
Hospital of Dolls, or Ospedale delle Bambole as it is known in Rome, was built by the Squatriti family 60 years ago. Today their descendants, Federico and Gelsomina, 52, and his 82-year-old mother continue the family tradition in the shop.
Little Foot, an important fossil of an early human forerunner unearthed in the 1990s in South Africa, is roughly 3.7 million years old. Findings may have important evolutionary implications.
Archaeologists from Cambridge University and Oxford Brookes University studied genetic, fossil and archaeological evidence. They found evidence that suggests Neanderthals would have been infected by diseases such as tuberculosis, typhoid, whooping cough, encephalitis and the common cold. They speculate pathogens like Heliocbacter pylori, the bacteria that causes stomach ulcers, were brought to Europe by modern humans.
Clare Hines was diagnosed with a brain tumour after suffering epileptic seizures for 10 years. One week before brain surgery she found out she was pregnant. Doctors warned her to keep the baby or she risked the tumour turning malignant. She decided to carry on with the pregnancy and give birth to her son Noah. Seven weeks after Noah was born she had brain surgery.
Pete Evans has been dropped as the celebrity ambassador for popular salad chain 'Sumo Salad' This has come after his paleo cookbook for infants was delayed due to fatal health concerns. Bubba Yum Yum: The Paleo Way is set to be self-published at the end of this month as a digital book. The book is co-authored by Charlotte Carr.
Rebecca Eldemire, 21, was shot repeatedly in the face with a .357 Magnum by her boyfriend, 27-year-old Larry Tipton, in her off-campus apartment in Oxford, Ohio on Sunday morning. TiptOn a desk in her bedroom was a two-page suicide note written by him, according to a coroner's report. The day before her murder, she called police to her apartment to say she wanted protection from her ex-boyfriend, but after speaking with him, she sent them away.
DNA-like fragments may have come with 'instructions' that guided their growth into complex life forms 4 billion years ago. Researchers believe these fragments used their innate self-evolving abilities to grow into repeated chemical chains long enough to evolve.
The first official guide, published in Paris in 1710, outlining the beauty routine of Ninon de L'Enclose. Today, the go-to expert is Carole Maggio, the LA-based creator of Facercise, with a celebrity and royalty list.
More than 3,000 students accepted to University of Florida on condition they take online classes. Part of new program - the Pathway to Campus Enrollment (PaCE) - which started in 2015. Will likely help expand enrollment in university's new $15million online undergraduate program, created by state legislators in 2013.
James Ramirez, 37, said he has concerns over the care of his wife Gillian Nelson, 34. She died after complications arose with the birth of their son Wesley at a hospital in Bromley, Kent. He was called to the Princess Royal University Hospital at about 3.45am on January 28, 2014. Miss Nelson had multiple cardiac arrests and was taken to theatre for a hysterectomy .
The dome-like Hue Go can be controlled wirelessly from any iOS or Android device via the Philips Hue app. It uses a rechargeable Li-ion battery and offers up to three hours of continuous light after a 90-minute charge. It can also be synced to music for a disco effect, as well as to television programmes, films and video games to create atmosphere.
The University of Houston said in a statement Tuesday that it was paying McConaughey speaking fees totaling $135,000 plus travel expenses, as well as a $20,250 commission to the Celebrity Talent International booking agency engaged by the university. The university initially balked at revealing the fee citing a confidentiality agreement with the agency.
ISIS' leadership is dominated by ex-members of Saddam Hussein's Baathist army. Almost all commanders appointed by ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi are ex-Baathists. They played prominent roles in the army before 2003 invasion of Iraq and became involved in insurgency. Many of these commanders joined the insurgency in Iraq in the mid-2000s, which was dominated by ISIS. They also have extensive contacts with oil smugglers and smugglers .
Scott Suggs, 28, and Brandy Kangas, 36, arrested after police received anonymous tip about children's welfare. They were found locked in room with 17-month-old boy and two girls, aged three and four, in Fredericksburg, Virginia. The room was stained with human urine and feces and had a homemade 'gate' through which children were fed. On Monday, couple pleaded guilty to three counts of felony child neglect and were handed six-year suspended sentences and probation  .
ISIS entered the Yarmouk camp as Jordan closed its only functioning border crossing with the country. Militants entered the camp from nearby Hajar Aswad neighborhood in southern Damascus in a coordinated attack with rivals in the Al Qaeda-affiliated Nusra Front. The Palestinian-run refugee camp has been under government siege for nearly two years  .
Chiropractor Gertrude Pitkanen would sell newborn babies to adoptive parents for as little as $100 in Butte, Montana, in the 1920s. The transactions formed the basis of a lucrative, illicit market. Heather Livergood, now 69, was given up for adoption in 1946 but has been reunited with two half brothers. Bonnie Gower was given to parents who couldn't have children through traditional methods. Some of the victims of this horrific crime are still looking for answers .
Huw Davies, 34, has been searching for permanent employment for almost 13 years. He has a BSc (hons) degree, three A-levels and 10 GCSEs on his CV. But despite his strong academic background, he has been unable to secure a job. All the jobs he has worked have been on short, fixed-term contracts.
Faith and Hope Howie were born on May 8 last year with a rare condition called diprosopus. They died in hospital less than a month after they were born and were buried at Pinegrove Memorial Park in Sydney's west. Family members have visited the grave every week to leave mementos and flowers for Faith and Hope. But on Thursday they arrived to find staff had cleared the baby section of all memento and tossed them in the rubbish.
Sabrina Broadbent Tetzner, 32, fled the sect headed by convicted rapist Warren Jeffs eight years ago and finally gained full custody of her children last week. But when she tried to pick them up from their aunt's home in Colorado City, Utah, she was physically stopped by hundreds of cult members hell bent on keeping the kids. She spent the night in her van, fearing the vehicle would be torn apart if left unattended.
Boden’s bright knits and floral prints have always been a big no-no for Clare Goldwin. She doesn't want to be labelled a Boden ‘yummy mummy’ at 50 paces. Now, however, the fashion world is raving about their latest collections .
A family of four was enjoying a day out together in Portland, Maine on Friday when a white man yelled a racial slur at them before speeding off. The family consisted of a black mother and a white father who were with their nine-year-old daughter and son. A local news reporter, Jackie Ward, shared her account of the incident as a 'reminder for us to be kinder to each other' .
The current crop of male leads are rocking a 'pretty but gritty' look. Shows such as Poldark, Vikings, Outlander and Game of Thrones are dressing up their key actors in breeches, leather and chain metal  .
Bikram Choudhury, 69, has been accused of sexual assault by six women. He has denied the claims in an interview with CNN for the first time since the allegations were made. He pioneered Bikram yoga, in which followers practice 26 yoga moves in 105F heat. Chelsea Clinton, Madonna and Demi Moore are among his followers of the practice .
Grey hair is on trend with silver hair lovers the world over posting images on social media under the hashtag #grannyhair. Trend can be tracked back to Jean Paul Gaultier's catwalk show at Paris Fashion Week earlier this month.
Let Toys Be Toys campaign group launched hashtag #NotAnAprilFools to highlight gender stereotyping in toys . Pictures show wide divide between aspirations set out for girls and boys in toy shops . Girls offered pink beautician's outfits while males offered doctor's uniforms and babygros  .
State authorities were suspicious that the 88-year-old author, who is reportedly deaf and blind, was somehow pushed into publishing Go Set a Watchman. Many feared outside influences were at play as Lee, who lives in an nursing home in Monroeville, Alabama, had said for decades she wanted To Kill a Mockingbird published.
Mick Schumacher made his pre-season test debut in Formula 4 at the Oschersleben circuit in Germany. The 16-year-old, son of seven-time F1 world champion Michael, accidentally went off the track during training session. Teenager was back on the circuit just weeks after a 100mph crash at the Lausitzring speedway in Brandenburg, eastern Germany in March .
Chris and Nicole Peppelman were found dead inside their Lower Moreland, Pennsylvania home Tuesday afternoon by one of their juvenile sons. The bodies of the 48-year-old husband and his wife were cut with what appears to be a chainsaw, but so far only Mrs Peppman's death has been classified as a homicide . Autopsies have been scheduled for Wednesday to determine how the couple died and how they died .
Last week she was barely showing - but Demelza Poldark is now the proud mother to the show’s latest addition. Within ten minutes of tomorrow night’�s episode, fans will see Ross gaze lovingly at his baby daughter.
Kalman Kallai travelled from Borden, Ontario to Comox, British Columbia for work purposes. The journey took the traveller nine days to complete and a total of 4500km of land was covered. The video shows him rocking and making hand gestures.
More than 100 firefighters have been called to General Electric's Appliance Park in Louisville, Kentucky. The fire broke out in a non-production building, creating huge columns of smoke visible from miles away. There were no known injuries in the fire, which is thought to have started around 7am Friday morning. Workers at the facility, which makes a range of appliances, were evacuated .
All Saints Church in Wolverhampton re-scheduled the service so vulnerable women can attend tomorrow. Prostitutes were left disappointed when drop-in sessions were cancelled on Christmas Day and New Year's Day. Religious leaders have praised the initiative as reflecting core values of Christianity.
Aidan Turner has been signed up for a second series of BBC period drama Poldark. The Cornwall-set drama will be coming back for eight more episodes. BBC1 boss Charlotte Moore said the series had helped the channel to an 'outstanding start'
Sjaak Rijke was abducted by extremists in November 2011 from a hostel in Timbuktu, Mali. French President Francois Hollande said some militants were killed and others captured. No word on fate of two men abducted at the same time.
Australian families will consume 54 million hot cross buns, 2,900 tonnes of chocolate and enough prawns to stretch from Sydney to Cairns. FEMAIL asked experts to advise what wine to pair with our favourite seasonal foods, from seafood to lamb.
Jennifer Houle, 22, vanished from a bar in Minneapolis in the early hours of Friday morning. She was last seen on surveillance footage walking alone on the 10th Avenue Bridge, which is 110ft above the river. Her body was recovered on Wednesday and identified as Houle's on Thursday. She died of freshwater drowning, the medical examiner's office said in a press release.
The 26-year-old South African bombshell oozes old Hollywood glamour in the series of shots. Max Factor is the brand widely accredited for transforming Monroe from a mousy brunette to a knockout blonde.
Mike Whitehead was standing against Labour's Alan Johnson in the Hull West and Hessle constituency. He said he was joining Ukip after becoming 'disgusted' at the behaviour of Tories in his area. But Tories this morning revealed they had already dropped him as their candidate after he revealed he was planning to stand as an independent.
The ads are the brainchild of a trio of people opening a new Thai restaurant in the Motor City who not only want exposure for their new business but also to promote Detroit as an alternative for New Yorkers who feel that city has got too expensive for them. There are four billboards - two in Manhattan and two in Bushwick in Brooklyn - which went up about a month ago. The posters say things like ‘Detroit: Just west of Bushwick,’ and ‘Now Hiring'
Lindsey Walker, from Darlington, booked in for an overnight stay at The Rex Hotel in Whitley Bay, North Tyneside. Her room included wallpaper hanging in shreds, holes in the walls, broken tiles and lingering filth.
Amber Rachdi, now 24, from Troutdale, Oregon, weighed 46st (657lbs) at her heaviest. Doctors warned her she would be dead by the age of 30 if she didn't lose weight. Had life-saving gastric surgery and has since lost 20st - half her former body weight.
Antonio Valente, from Dallas, Texas, learned of the ruse when he received a message from Marianne Heinrich, who lives in Vienna, Austria, two weeks ago. She told him that someone using the name 'Johnson Michael Lynn' had created a fake Facebook profile using photos of him and his daughter. The profile showed photos of Valente's head pasted onto another person's body in hospital and images of his seven-year-old daughter's face in hospital .
Kim Callaghan, 39, piled on the pounds after the birth of her two children, reaching a worrying 20st 3lb. The determined slimmer has now shrunk down to a slender 9st 10lb after taking up exercise .
Virus causes one of its own genes to mutate - allowing it to develop new ways of coping with the ecosystem it finds itself in. Scientists believe it may be viruses like this that have allowed archae bacteria to adapt to some of the harshest environments on Earth .
Piper and William Kulk were involved in a fatal two-car collision on New South Wales' Central Coast. Piper died in hospital on Sunday morning, while her brother died later that evening. They were travelling with their mother, Chantelle Boddy, 31, grandmother Helen, 54, and elder brother Daniel, 12. All three siblings were sitting in the back of the car.
Employers added just 126,000 jobs in March, the fewest since December 2013 – snapping a 12-month streak of gains above 200,000. The unemployment rate remained at 5.5 percent, the Labor Department said in its monthly report Friday. The March jobs data raised uncertainties about the world's largest economy, which for months has been the envy of other industrialized nations for its steadily robust hiring and growth. Employers now appear wary about the economy, especially as a strong dollar has slowed U.S. exports.
The women of ancient history had some fascinating methods for beautifying themselves. Cleopatra bathed in donkey-milk baths and Nefertiti made her own cosmetics. Mary, Queen of Scots was said to wash her body in white wine. Empress Elisabeth of Austria loved to conjure up her own face creams.
Donny Ray Williams slipped an intern Ambien in 2010 before having sex with her while she lay unconscious. That same year, he had sex with a woman too inebriated to give her consent, prosecutors say. Despite admitting his guilt in December, D.C. prosecutors on Friday asked that Williams be spared prison time because he is himself the victim of a crime - the effects of which will mar the remainder of his life. A judge on Friday agreed with a prosecutor's recommendation that he not serve jail time due to his serious injuries, for which he's undergone 20 surgeries and still faces more life threatening operations. The decision to give Williams a suspended jail sentence and 5 years probation came despite his victim's request.
Ally Lees, of Alfie Bird's restaurant in Birmingham, created the dish in time for Easter. It contains 12,000 calories and contains 945g of protein, which is 16 times the recommended daily amount for a man.
Bobbi Ann House, 39, who hit headlines in 2010 for marrying at least 14 servicemen and then draining their bank accounts, is again wanted by police after getting out of prison and remarrying. Police are accusing the couple of writing a series of bad checks worth at least $13,500. The purchases started in western Oregon in early March, then moved through Oregon coastal towns and into Colorado and Oklahoma. The two are believed to be hiding out camping, with their last fraudulent transaction for a 'large quantity' of outdoors supplies and groceries at a farm and ranch store in Checotah, Oklahoma.
Greece is due to repay a £330million loan to the International Monetary Fund on Thursday. But there were concerns the heavily indebted nation would default on the payment. Deputy finance minister Dimitris Mardas said Greece will make payment.
Lou and Emma Redknapp say the wide leg trouser is a welcome relief from the skinny jean . The wide-leg trouser made an appearance on several catwalks including on the runway of Gucci's SS15 show  .
Federal MP Bob Katter accused the Queensland Government of believing embattled MP Billy Gordon would quit after he was recently accused of domestic violence. Mr Katter said he's been personally subjected to racist attitudes from both major parties in the past. Mr Gordon was forced to quit the Queensland Labor Party last week in the wake of being accused of withholding his criminal history.
The New York Police Department's Internal Affairs Bureau is investigating the incident . Detective Patrick Cherry was trying to park his Hyundai without indicating when the driver honked his horn. He launched a tirade, questioning the driver's command of the English language and his car control skills . The NYPD is now investigating the video .
Three former managers of the AIDS Healthcare Foundation filed a suit last week alleging the company paid employees and patients kickbacks for patient referrals in an effort to boost funding from federal health programs. The lawsuit alleges kickbacks started in 2010 at the company's California headquarters and spread to programs in Florida and several other locations. The Los Angeles-based company cares for more than 400,000 patients in 36 countries and is leading a mass testing initiative to identify and treat an estimated 25 million people who don't know they are infected.
The Western Esplanade cul-de-sac of 11 white Art Deco houses with private beaches at the end of Hove promenade is known locally as Millionaires' Row. The homes were built between 1909 and 1910 by developer Michael Paget Baxter when overcrowding on British beaches in their heyday.
Denise Chiffon Berry, 44, and her 12-year-old son were driving in Hawthorne, California on Wednesday when a stranger in a Cadillac started shooting at them. Ms Berry died at the scene while her son was shot in the leg and is in a stable but fair condition in hospital. The mother and son were simply having a chuckle when they passed by the man in the car, who had his legs dangling out of the window. Authorities have identified the shooter as 38-year old Robert Washington of Rialto, California .
Just 28 of 700,000 babies born in the UK in 2013 were given the name, data from the Office of National Statistics shows. That compares to 235 Garys being born in 1996, when name was 147th most popular in Britain. Some blame shamed pop star Gary Glitter for name's decline.
Bespoke gift costs £1,000 each time to fill - with melted chocolate containing 1.3m calories. The Landmark Touchstone Bath is adapted to include a separate, refillable chocolate-warming reservoir plumbed to supply a pressurised chocolate flow through the taps.
Kris Wardle married his long-term girlfriend Katrina in 2011 with her teenage son, Mark, acting as Best Man. Less than two years later, his wife was killed in a frenzied knife attack by now 21-year-old Mark Howe. The couple fell in love in 2002 and had planned a long life together. Mark became increasingly obsessed with violent games .
Colombian-born Manuela Arbelaez's mind was clearly somewhere else when she removed the wrong price tag. The model and host Drew Carey both gasped after she revealed the true price of the Hyundai Sonata SE.
Brown said Wednesday that he had signed an executive order requiring the State Water Resources Control Board to implement measures in cities and towns to cut water usage by 25 percent compared with 2013 levels. California has been in a drought for four years. Brown's order will require campuses, golf courses, cemeteries and other large landscapes to significantly cut water use; direct local governments to replace 50 million square feet of lawns throughout the state with drought-tolerant landscaping.
Svetlana Lokhova, 33, was falsely accused of being a cocaine user and branded 'Miss Bonkers' by male colleagues. She was awarded £3.14million for lost earnings, £44,000 for hurt feelings and £15,000 in aggravated damages. Tribunal found she was a 'resilient person' who suffered 'disgraceful' harassment and victimisation. But ruled harassment triggered 'chronic and long-term symptoms' of mental breakdown at Sberbank CIB .
James Bowen wrote a heart-warming memoir about a stray cat rescuing him from homelessness and heroin addiction. The former Big Issue salesman and busker has sold more than four million copies of A Street Cat Named Bob. But despite his ample fortune, he continued to have his rent paid for by housing benefit. Since 2012 the taxpayer has forked out £15,500.
Kilcoy State School in north Brisbane is working with Queensland Health after a whooping cough outbreak. Parents have been urged to take vaccination more seriously there. Illnesses expert Professor Matthew Cooper said the outbreak was due to an anti-vaccination trend. Vaccination rates in Queensland have dropped across most age groups .
Scientists at the University of Connecticut say we know how far away the source of a sound is by listening to the echoes it produces. In a study they found that the reverberation of sound helps us locate the distance of, for example, a car passing round a bend. They said echoes and fluctuations in volume are the cues we use to figure out the distance between us and the source.
Christopher Bridger, 25, from Stevenage, Hertfordshire, attacked three women after separate drinking sessions. He was jailed for 12 years after being convicted of rape and four other abuse charges last year. The HCPC Conduct and Competence Committee today removed him from the register. They described his crimes as a 'serious breach of trust'
Siobhan O'Dell, 17, from North Carolina, was told she had missed out on a place at Duke University. But she hit back by sending the admissions office a message of her own, rejecting their rejection. The image has gone viral, attracting nearly 100,000 likes and reblogs since being posted.
Linsey starred in season 12 of Bad Girls Club: Chicago which aired in May 2014 on Oxygen. The network confirmed her passing in a statement on Friday: 'We are deeply saddened by the loss of Linsey 'Jade' Berardi, who appeared in Season 12' She is reportedly survived by her parents, a brother, and a sister.
Maria Sevilla and her son, Tyrone, have had their visa application rejected and are facing deportation back to the Philippines. The single-mum has lived in Australia with her son since 2007, when she arrived in the Queensland town of Townsville to become a nurse. Ms Sevilla's application for a Skilled-Region visa subclass 489 has been rejected due to Tyrone's autism. Queensland Disabilities Minister Coralee O'Rourke is appealing decision.
Kim disbanded the group of hand-picked teenagers shortly after the death of his father in December 2011. Now that the country's official three-year mourning period for Kim Jong-il has concluded, the eccentric autocrat has demanded his advisers find suitable new women for the role .
Brittany Lyn Hilbert of Orlando, Florida was charged with domestic violence battery and battery of a person over 65-years-old. The victim's identity has not been released. The elderly man called the police and told them that Hilbert slapped him in the face twice, knocking out a contact lens. The pair have been dating for 18 months.
Jaye and Matthew Cox delivered their daughter Annabelle at just 20 weeks after scans showed she had a serious form of Spina Bifida. She was born weighing just 290 grams at Canberra Hospital and her parents were able to cradle her in the short five minutes she survived. They contacted Angel Gowns - a not-for-profit organisation dedicated to turning donated wedding gowns into outfits for babies who die too soon.
Transvestite TV star Matsuko Deluxe shared the stage with his 'Matsukoroid' doppelganger for the first time on Saturday night. Japanese engineers are trying to replace celebrities with human-like androids. The robot is controlled by a human operator.
Prime Minister took advice from martial arts pupils about best way to deal with Ukip leader. But he later backtracked, insisting there will be 'no bodily contact' during the debate. Cameron visited King's Leadership Academy in Warrington, where he spoke to pupils about sports. Ukip leader Nigel Farage said he was feeling 'pretty good' ahead of his TV test in Salford.
Four out of ten Britons betting on the Grand National make their choice purely down to the name of the horse. 70 per cent of women simply rely on pure chance to win the steeplechase. Jockey Sam Twiston-Davies salutes a magpie on his way to race.
The Human Rights Commission said in a notice filed Thursday that there's enough evidence of age discrimination to merit a hearing on the Stonehenge Village complex's fitness room. The rent-regulated tenants excluded from the gym are largely over 65, while market-rate tenants aren't, according to a complaint last year from tenants' association president Jean Green Dorsey. Dorsey said being barred from using the exercise room smacked of second-class citizenship for the rent-stabilized tenants  .
Robert Streeter and Robert Hoehn set out to discover clever people by publishing a book posing devilishly difficult brain-teasers. Now their book has been republished and here we offer you a selection of its tortuous tests for YOU.
Mehmet Selim Kiraz, 46, died in hospital when two members of the Revolutionary People's Liberation Party-Front (DHKP-C) stormed a courthouse and took him hostage. They uploaded photographs of Kiraz with a gun pointed at his head to social media in the process. Turkey initially demanded domestic newspapers stop running the 'terrorist propaganda' images. It then blocked access to Twitter, Facebook and YouTube yesterday when requests to remove them were ignored. Access to the sites has now been re-established .
Zulkifli bin Hir, a Malaysian member of the Al Qaeda-linked Jemaah Islamiah militant group, is dead. The reward offered by the US State Department for the arrest of bin Hir was $5million. Bin Hir was born 1966 in Muar, Johor.
Ed Miliband said it was 'not good enough' for workers not to know how many hours they would work. Labour leader said there had been an 'epidemic' of zero-hours contracts under the Coalition. He said a Labour government would give workers right to demand a 'regular contract' after three months.
Jennifer Barnett worked at Archway School in Stroud, Gloucestershire, between 1980 and 1997. She died last September, 14 months after being diagnosed with mesothelioma, a cancer whose most common cause is asbestos. Her husband, Nigel, said she had to cut sheets of asbestos while working on a farm in her 20s.
The 30-year-old singer has no idea where she got the tick bite that infected her. She was bedridden for five months and thought she was dying. The disease was recently highlighteded after Real Housewives of Beverly Hills star Yolanda Foster revealed she has lost the ability to read, write or even watch TV because of the condition   .
David Klemmer and James Graham could face demerit point penalties or a temporary game ban for their arguments with a referee during the Good Friday showdown between South Sydney and Canterbury at the ANZ Stadium in Sydney. NRL head of football Todd Greenberg revealed that the match review committee would 'look very closely at' their behaviour, noting that contrary conduct and detrimental conduct requirements will 'form part of the review' It comes as the NRL announced they are determined to come down hard on a worrying trend of increasing dissent towards match officials after a violent end to Friday's game when spectators threw bottles at match officials at full time in Sydney .
Tomas Driukas was arrested after paramedics were called to his home in Birmingham in the early hours of Wednesday morning. His daughter was taken to Birmingham Children's Hospital with breathing difficulties. Infant, believed to be a twin, died later that day after suffering 'several injuries' .
The novelist, who died aged 68 in April last year, achieved huge success with The Secret Diary of Adrian Mole. Probate records released last week reveal that Ms Townsend left the bulk of her estate in trust, with her second husband Colin Broadway and children.
Radar images from Europe's Sentinel-1a satellite have revealed the aftermath of the Nepal earthquake in unrivalled detail. The information from the satellites has been transformed into an interferogram, which provides a colourful and highly detailed view of the Earth's land mass. By comparing before and after images, scientists have discovered Mount Everest shrank by about one inch. The tallest point in the world, however, still stands at 29,029 feet. An area 75 miles (120km) by 30 miles (50km) has lifted up around Kathmandu.
Melbourne mother-of-two, Kady Marsh, took her seven-week-old baby Isla to the Manly Wharf Hotel in Sydney. She was asked to move from the lounge area of the hotel because it was an area restricted to over 18s. In Australia, women have a right to breastfeed in public. Justin Tynan, general manager of the venue, says it's 'ludicrous' to suggest the hotel wouldn't allow women to do the same at the venue .
Mike Hand became wheelchair bound after being diagnosed with a tumour on his spinal cord. The 39-year-old is almost ready to leave St Helen's Hospital after undergoing surgery and rehabilitation. He and his wife Kate, who have an eight- year-old daughter, tried to claim for financial support .
At 116, Gertrude Weaver was already the oldest person in America. With the death of 117-year-old Misao Okawa in Japan on Wednesday, Weaver became the world's oldest person. Weaver would like to meet the president at her birthday party because she has voted for him twice. She attributes her longevity to treating others well and exercising regularly.
The average cost of property in Salcombe, Devon, now tops the average cost in London. The seaside town in the South Hams district boasts a skyrocketing average property price of £671,759. Property prices have soared 10 per cent in 12 months.
Richard Hutchinson, 40, from Thornaby-on-Tees, North Yorkshire, has been jailed for two years. He punched his former friend in the jaw, knocking him unconscious and leaving him with a fractured skull. The pair had a 'long-running' feud after Hutchinson borrowed the money but had not paid it all back, court heard .
Examination of 23,500 mammoth bones found them riddled with osteoporosis and lacking in calcium. Major mineral deficiency resulted in them breaking their limbs and spines, leaving them unable to walk. In turn it meant the giant animal, which stood 10ft high, collapsed to the ground and could not forage.
Oscar Hübinette shredded through the snow on the Tolbachik volcano on the Kamchatka Peninsula in Russia. Adventure photographer Fredrik Schenholm looked on in amazement as Oscar flew down the icy slopes. The 12,000 foot tall volcano erupted in November 2012 spewing lava down mountainside.
The 28-year-old Sydney woman was diagnosed with leukemia seven months into her pregnancy. Doctors told her she could give birth via a caesarean section and undergo chemotherapy but both would require a blood transfusion. The woman refused both options due to her religious beliefs and her baby died in utero three days later   .
The Daxing Internet Addiction Treatment Centre has so far welcomed 6,000 mostly young, mostly male patients. It claims to have ‘cured’ 75 per cent of them and charges £1,000-a-month. The centre believes internet addiction leads to brain problems similar to heroin .
The first generation iPad was revealed by Steve Jobs in California in early 2010. At the time it was met with ridicule as experts struggled to see how it would prove popular. But five years and 225 million units later, it seems many critics have been proved wrong. Nine versions of the iPad have gone on sale, with the Air 2 and Mini 3 being the most recent. But some industry experts have predicted its days are numbered.
Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson said Wednesday that he won't sign a religious freedom bill that his state's legislature sent to him on Tuesday. He is sending it back to lawmakers, he told reporters, for amendments that will bring it more in line with the 1993 federal Religious Freedom Restoration Act – which critics say better protected the rights of gays and lesbians. Hutchinson said during his press conference that his son had in part convinced him not to sign the bill into law. 'My son Seth, signed the petition, asking me, Dad, the governor, to veto this bill'
Verna Fisher, then 81, awoke in total darkness in the early hours of 31 July last year. She was confronted by four men wearing white balaclavas and gloves demanding money. Her bed-ridden husband Mortimer, 85, was sleeping in another room and woke with a man standing over him. Brothers Jermaine Kellman, 29, Marvin Sempler, 30, Clinton Jackson, 25 and Darren Lewis.
The child, whose name has not been released, suffered fatal injuries in the incident at Grant Elementary School in Dumont, New Jersey on March 6 and died later that day. The fifth-grader had been playing chess with another student during a morning recess period when he became upset that his opponent didn't say 'checkmate' .
Robert Durst, 71, appeared in court in New Orleans accused of illegal gun possession. His defense team was expected to challenge the case by accusing police of searching Durst's hotel room without a proper arrest warrant. But as a shackled Durst appeared to be sleeping in the courtroom, the judge raged at his attorneys for being unprepared as they requested to delay the hearing .
Originally named Ena, the historic steam yacht was designed in 1900 and built the following year. It is said to be one of only three that remains in the world today and was designed by Walter Reeks more than a century ago. The boat first undertook war service as HMAS Sleuth in World War I before it sank in 1981 near Hobart. It became a luxury playground for Rene Rivkin and his mates .
With Easter just around the corner we thought it would be helpful to give you a real life gauge on how much cardio you'll need to put in. Starting at the very bottom of the chocolate egg scale is the mini solid egg, around four of them equate to 550 kilojules  .
Anti-poaching activists rescued 40 crew members from the sunk ship off the coast of Africa on Monday. Sea Shepherd vessel Bob Barker had been pursuing the vessel named Thunder for 110 days. Captain Peter Hammarstedt said the captain of the ship 'started applauding and cheering' when his vessel was entirely submerged on Monday  .
Church of England’s ambitious plans involve harnessing the energy of Bath's 45°C spring water to power a modern heating system for the building. Engineers plan to excavate ancient crypts below the church to tap into a Roman drain where 850,000 litres of natural spring water empties every day. They hope to divert the warm water instead through a network of underground pipes to provide a world-first natural underfloor heating system. The Abbey was granted planning permission for the unique £18million scheme two years ago.
Czech President Milos Zeman criticised by U.S. Ambassador Andrew Schapiro over plans to attend Moscow parade. President Zeman said he wanted to honor Soviet soldiers who sacrificed their lives to liberate his country in World War II, despite Ukraine crisis.
Homes with a Waitrose nearby cost 12% more - or £38,831 - than those in surrounding areas. But having a budget store such as an Aldi or Lidl on your doorstep means your house cheaper.
Staff at Scooter's Coffee, in Omaha, were locked out of the page for almost 24 hours. Instead of the usual images of smoothies, coffees and cookies, the page was plastered with adult cartoons. Company managed to regain control of the account a day later.
Lianne Hindle died three hours after giving birth to daughter Poppy at North Manchester General Hospital. The 37-year-old mother-of-four suffered a cardiac arrest at the scandal-hit hospital in December. Her death came just months after three babies and one mother died at the maternity unit . The deaths, along with those of four babies and two mothers at the Royal Oldham Hospital, prompted an investigation   .
Archbishop Justin Welby said Christians must resist without violence the persecution they suffer. He said the killing of Christians over the past year had been a 'wicked' development. 'To witness is to be a martyr,’ he said as Pope Francis called for governments to intervene in Syria.
Bette Carrouze, 78, from Brighton, regularly emerges from clubs in the early hours of the morning. Mother-of-two says other pensioners are boring and spend their time complaining about sore knees and false teeth. Says she is making up for all the hard work she did.
Rekha Nagvanshi, 30, turned on her husband's parents at the home she shared with husband Deepak, 34. Claiming she would rather live with her parents, she sought revenge by urinating in their cups of tea for more than a year  .
Adam Rushton, 37, took advantage of being a beat officer to have sex with women, Birmingham Crown Court heard. Staffordshire Police officer found guilty of five counts of misconduct and one of breaching data protection rules. He was acquitted of two counts of breaching laws while employed by police. Deputy Chief Constable Nick Baker called Rushton a 'disgrace'
The 28-year-old actress has been living in London for the past year and says she feels 'at home' in the city. The Mean Girls star recently appeared in a West End production of Speed The Plow. Lindsay says she no longer finds herself in 'situations' .
Jennifer Williams, of Jeff Davis County, Georgia, said that she would not sell flowers for a gay commitment ceremony or wedding but that 'it doesn't mean that I love them any less' . Melissa Jeffcoat said she would serve adulterers but not gay people and that Jesus 'died on the cross for me so that's the least I could do for him' Georgia's senate passed legislation similar to Indiana's but did not get a vote in the state's House of Representatives .
Photographer John Massung was flying over Sebastian Inlet on Thursday when he saw hundreds of sharks swarming just 100 feet from the beach. Massung says he flew for about a mile down the shore and that the hordes of sharks never ended.
China's navy rescued 225 foreign nationals and almost 600 Chinese citizens from the danger zone. They included 176 people from Pakistan with the remainder from Ethiopia, Singapore, Italy, Germany, Poland, Ireland, Britain, Canada and Yemen. Russia also sent in planes brought back 300 subjects, including diplomatic staff and civilians. Turkish naval frigate evacuated 55 Turks from Aden .
The defendants - including teachers, a principal and other administrators - were accused of falsifying test results to collect bonuses or keep their jobs in the 50,000-student Atlanta school system. They were all found guilty under the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act, or RICO, which is typically reserved for major mobsters and organized crime bosses. A 12th defendant, a teacher, was acquitted of all charges by the jury this week. The 11 will all be sentenced on April 8 .
Morgellons disease has been described by those who suffer from it as causing fatigue and memory loss, while also leading to large sores on the body which are constantly itching. From these sores they claim sprout colorful fibers that 'cannot be forensically identified as animal, vegetable or mineral' Joni Mitchell, who claims to have suffered from the disease for most of her life, has recently been hospitalized after being found unconscious at her home. The medical community believes it is likely a mental illness and that sufferers are anxious, depressed or even suffering from substance abuse   .
Jamyra Gallmon, 21, has been charged with first-degree murder while armed for allegedly killing David Messerschmitt, 30, on February 9 in Washington, D.C. The woman admitted to police that she set up the lawyer using a masculine-sounding email address and went to the upscale Donovan hotel with the intention of robbing him. She was seen on surveillance camera entering the hotel wearing androgynous clothing including black boots, black pants and a black hooded jacket. The victim was found with multiple stab wounds to the back, groin and abdomen .
U.S. Attorney for the District of Columbia Ronald Machen told House Speaker John Boehner on his last day in office that former IRS official Lois Lerner could wrap herself in the Constitution's Fifth Amendment. Machen sent a seven-page letter to Boehner just one day before leaving office to return to private legal practice. He told Boehner that Lerner had 'effectively waived her rights' by refusing to answer questions during a May 2013 hearing. The House Oversight and Government Reform Committee had subpoenaed Lerner after she refused to testify voluntarily about her role in the scandal. Lerner led the IRS department tasked with approving nonprofit groups' applications for tax-exempt status. Beginning in 2010, the department gave conservative groups with words like 'patriots' or 'tea party'
More than 2,000 office workers had to be evacuated yesterday due to the fire in Holborn. Firefighters and gas workers are still battling to put out the blaze in Kingsway Service Tunnel. More than 1,000 buildings remain without power today, with businesses, government departments and tourist attractions forced to close ahead of the Easter weekend.
The baby, known as Mary, was born at Alder Hey Children's Hospital in Liverpool in January 2013. She died six months later with traces of cocaine, tramadol and anti-depressant drugs in her stomach. Her parents had been reported to social services five times between 2008 and 2012 . Review has called for lessons to be learned from the case.
Tracy Stratton said her daughter, Tianni, suffered physical attacks and verbal abuse at Greenacres Primary School. She claims the seven-year-old has been left so traumatised she has almost stopped talking and is afraid to leave the house.
Labour leader Ed Miliband admitted that he 'blubbed' during the British film Pride. The film centres on the 1984 miners’ strike and the plucky underdogs are a group of gays and lesbians. Miliband received a lot of praise for admitting that he had a weep.
Joseph McEnroe, 36, from Carnation, Washington, was convicted of killing four adults and two children on Christmas Eve, 2007. The same 12 people that found him guilty of the murders are now determining whether he will be executed or sentenced to life in prison without parole. He told the court on Thursday he 'thought' he had to kill Wayne Anderson, 60, and Judy Anderson, 61; their son and daughter-in-law Scott and Erica Anderson .
David Cameron and wife Samantha have ruled out adding to the family in Number 10. Mrs Cameron reveals her doctor has told her: 'No way, Jose' She was pregnant throughout the 2010 campaign and gave birth to their fourth child Florence in Cornwall. The couple cooed over seven-week-old Regan on a visit to Chorley, Lancashire.
Shauna McGlasson, 25, ballooned to 17st after becoming trapped in a fairground ride. The mother-of-one lost 7st in as many months after changing her diet and exercise routine. She now weighs just over 10 stone and is more confident .
David and Margaret-Ann Rous were on an Easter getaway when their private plane crashed. They were flying from Dundee to see family on the Hebridean isle of Tiree on Saturday. Radar contact was lost as they travelled over the remote Beinn nan Lus area. The couple's bodies were found six hours later.
Wood announced on Friday that he will be playing at the Masters in Augusta next week. The 39-year-old played an 18-hole practice round on Tuesday at Augusta National. Woods last competed at the Farmers Insurance Open on February 5 at Torrey Pines. He will have gone nine weeks without competition before the Masters .
McDonald's announced Wednesday that it will increase starting wages for full- and part-time employees to a dollar over the minimum wage where company-owned restaurants operate. The company expects the average wage to be more than $10 an hour by the end of 2016, up from the current rate of $9 an hour. The increase will be instituted starting July 1, 2016 .
Obama aides Jen Psaki and Katie Fallon are expecting babies in May and July of this year. The White House knew Psaki was pregnant when she was being considered for the communications director job and assured her maternity leave would not be an issue. Fallon is due to give birth to identical twin boys in May, just as her husband, Brian, plans to start as press secretary for Hillary Rodham Clinton's impending presidential campaign in New York. Both say they envision working more flexible hours so they can put babies to bed.
Jessica Ainscough, 30, died in late February after a seven-year battle with cancer. She spurned chemotherapy and radiation, choosing to fight the cancer with a controversial treatment known as Gerson Therapy. Her partner Tallon Pamenter has written an emotional letter to her followers, revealing she was undergoing radiation treatment in her final weeks and 'giggling' .
The man, wearing an orange high-vis jacket, could be seen leaning out the sliding door of the black Vauxhall Vivaro van. He appeared to be laughing and making jokes as he hung his body - and even a leg - out of the vehicle. Police are investigating the incident, which took place on the M40 .
Donald Trelford had his son Ben, now four, when he was 73 and his daughter Poppy last May. He says the physical effort of coping with young children at his age can be demanding. Donald takes daily walks and uses an exercise bike to keep fit. He also takes a brisk daily walk and uses a modest weights to revive his shrinking muscles to revive muscles.
'It is a man-made disaster,' she told Glenn Beck during a Monday radio interview. 'With different policies over the last 20 years, all of this could be avoided,' she said. 'California is a classic case of liberals being willing to sacrifice other people's lives and livelihoods at the altar of their ideology. It’s a tragedy,' Fiorina said. With the drought stretching into its fourth year, California's Democratic Governor Jerry Brown last week signed an executive order limiting water consumption. Excluded from the new restrictions, however, was the agricultural industry, which is responsible for 80 percent.
The four-metre long king cobra Raja has delivered almost 500 milligrams of deadly toxin for handler Billy Collett. The toxin is enough to fill a shot glass and 40 times the amount of venom of a brown snake. Its venom will be distributed between research institutes across the country.
Tara McIntyre, 24, was left virtually wheelchair-bound after Ben Hagon's high-powered Mercedes sports car crashed into her. She suffered life-changing injuries which included a fractured spine and pelvis. Hagon was more than twice the legal alcohol limit when he hit her at up to 75mph. He admitted drink-driving and causing serious injury by dangerous driving and jailed .
The 19-year-old model took inspiration from the Keeping Up With The Kardashians star when it came to dealing with negative feedback. Gigi said Kendall has a 'really good sense of when to stand up' .
Jess, 22, and Stef Dadon, 27, have teamed up with New York company 'Print All Over Me' The sisters have over 111,000 followers on Instagram. The photo shoot took place in Sydney's Luna Park. The sisters are heading to LA soon for summer to launch new shoe line 'Twoobs' in the U.S.
Beycé, Kelly Rowland and Michelle Williams performed at the Stellar Gospel Awards in Las Vegas last weekend. The group received a rousing standing ovation from the 9,000-plus crowd, but they weren't introduced as Destiny's child - they were introduced by their individual names. Daily Mail Online has learned exclusively that the threesome want to do another ten-year reunion tour and intend to cut a reunion album - but they won't use the group name for that either. And it's all by design .
For the first time in 65 years the California Department of Water Resources has found no snow during its manual survey of the land at 6,800 feet in the Sierra Nevada in early April. Governor Jerry Brown ordered sweeping, unprecedented measures to save water in the state. The governor's order requires cities and towns to cut water use by 25 percent. California's historically wettest winter months have already passed, and the drought is now firmly rooted in its fourth consecutive year.
The star personally backed the building of 104 homes in the Lower Ninth quarter of the city. Pitt, 51, vowed to help ‘make it right’ for the city’s thousands of displaced citizens by building eco-friendly homes. His Make It Right Foundation is now suing Timber Treatment Technologies for damages.
The motorist attempted the dangerous manoeuvre on the A39 between Street and Glastonbury in Somerset. He had been stuck behind the 22-tonne lorry for several miles and gambled on overtaking after a set of lights. But he badly miscalculated and lost control at 50mph.
Takako Konishi, 28, was found dead in the frozen wastes of Minnesota in November 2001. She had travelled to find a suitcase of cash buried in the film Fargo by Steve Buscemi's character. Police officer said she kept repeating the words 'Fargo, Fargo' in her last moments. New film Kumiko, the Treasure Hunter dramatizes her story .
Asia Siddiqui, 31, and Noelle Velentzas, 28, were arrested in Queens, New York on Thursday for allegedly plotting a terrorist attack on the U.S. She met fellow Queens native Samir Khan in 2006, and had him publish one of her poems in an Al Qaeda magazine he was editing from Yemen. Khan was killed in a 2011 drone strike in Yemen, but before that he published several articles in Inspire, including a bomb-making guide which the Boston bombers allegedly used to make their bombs  .
Amanda Holden will host new series on ITV highlighting plight of RSPCA centre in Birmingham. Britain's Got Talent judge will appeal to members of the public to take in the animals featured. She and her co-stars, including Coleen Nolan, Denise Lewis and Kimberly Wyatt, will appeal for people to adopt the unwanted animals .
Students this year will likely spend of a third of their prom budgets on the elaborate new ritual of promposals, according to a survey of 3,000 people conducted by Visa. The average American high schooler could spend over $300 just asking his or her date to the yearly dance, the survey found .
Atif Saeed, 38, from Lahore, Pakistan was in the city's safari park when he spotted the male lion in the distance. Armed only with a camera, he managed to capture a few frames.
Mensa was formed by Australian barrister Roland Berrill and scientist Dr Lance Ware in Oxford in 1946. The youngest member joined aged two and a half, and the oldest was 103. A top two per cent score on an IQ test will qualify you to join the elite society. To find out if you’ve got what it takes, MailOnline has helped develop an exclusive Mensa test to see if you're smart enough.
Uruguay is the second smallest country in South America, with a coastline of 68,000 square miles. The tiny fishing village of Jose Ignacio is an understated getaway for the rich and famous. Punta del Este was soon known as the Miami of South America for its celebrity hotspots.
Nine members of the same family were arrested in Turkey last week trying to cross into Syria. They include the son of a Labour councillor in Rochdale and his cousins, aunt and four children. MP Simon Danczuk said it was 'unacceptable' that they should be allowed to return to the UK. He said they should find a new country to live in .
Graeme Oxby documented the dedicated fans at events including Europe's Tribute to Elvis in Blackpool and The Elvis Weekender in Bridlington. The 50-year-old, from East Yorkshire, even visited their homes to capture images for his photo series 'The Kings of England' A selection of his work is on a UK gallery tour until 2017.
Terror group said it would also imprison anyone caught smoking or turning up late for prayer. Violators will be jailed for ten days, during which time they will be made to take an 'Islamic course' They will then be forced to take a test, with those who pass being released immediately  .
Konstantin Sivkov, a Russian military analyst, said that Russia needs a new nuclear deterrent against the US. He wrote that Russia should develop a small force of megaweapons that can cause tsunamis and eruptions in the US . He said that the new system could be deployed from one ship and could be ready within ten years. He says that detonating nuclear bombs near the bottom of the ocean would create waves almost a mile high that would sweep inland.
Tim McNaughton, 24, is believed to have shot dead his father and tried to shoot his pilot colleague before turning the gun on himself. His body was discovered alongside his father's near a shooting range at a farm in The Caves, near Rockhampton in central Queensland on Tuesday. A third man, Lindsay Hart, escaped being killed after being shot in his bicep by running into the bushland as bullets flew past him. The deaths are being investigated as a murder-suicide. Tim was issued with a 'shooter' firearm licence by the Northern Territory Police in February 2012. Police confirmed Mr Hart is not a suspect  .
Researchers at Okinawa Institute of Science and Technology Graduate University (OIST) in Japan compared fairy circles to skin cells. Found in Namibia, they are large barren patches of earth measuring anywhere between 10ft and 65ft in diameter. They are ringed by short grass dotting the scrub land like craters on the moon, or big freckles. German researchers analysed the spatial distribution of the fairy circles and found that they are ‘remarkably regular'
Department store has slashed prices on almost 200 products in an attempt to flog Christmas trees, ornaments and decorations. It comes after the major high street outlet reportedly spent £7million on its tear-jerking 2014 Christmas advert campaign. Store has halved the price of many of its decorations.
Two trainee obstetricians have been removed from a newly developed $2 million hospital in Western Australia. Concerns have been raised about the quality of service and problems with patient safety at the obstetric unit. The $2 billion Fiona Stanley Hospital in southwest Perth was found to have blood and bone fragments of some its medical instruments  .
Ashley Jennifer White, 30, and her partner Paul Thomas, 32, have been charged with felony child abuse and neglect in the death of their 5-year-old son, Noah Thomas. The boy's body was found in a septic tank near their home in rural Dublin, Virginia, on March 26. The couple's 6-month-old daughter was removed from their home and placed in the custody of social services the day after his body was recovered .
Ryanair bans alcohol purchases from duty free shops at Glasgow Prestwick Airport. Passengers' hand luggage will be searched before they board flights to Ibiza, airline says. It follows a handful of incidents involving boorish behaviour by inebriated.
The unidentified man and woman were in their 50s and from Cleveland, police Sgt. Ricardo Cruz said. Blood was found in the cabin aboard the MS Ryndam, but it was unclear how the couple died. The ship's cleaning crew found the bodies when they checked on the couple after not seeing them for a while  .
Lane Smith, 26, died in July 2014 after hitting his head in a freak accident. His girlfriend, Sierra Sharry, 20, was eight months pregnant when he died and their son, Taos, was born just a few weeks later. Now, nearly eight months after his death, the young Oklahoma family has been reunited in their first ever family portrait, thanks to some clever photoshopping .
The 26-year-old royal was joined by boyfriend, Virgin Galactic's Dave Clark, 31, at Shoreditch House. She looked glamorous in a knee-length black leather dress. The Joseph A-line dress is currently sold out and has been replaced.
The Bell 525 Relentless has a luxurious 88-square-foot cabin and space to fit 20 passengers in boardroom-style comfort. The helicopter will cruise at a maximum of 178 miles per hour and with its 2,4000-litre fuel capacity be able to fly up to 575 miles .
The Hon Margaret Rhodes, 89, first cousin to the Queen and her best friend, was there on VE Day in 1945. She says: 'It was wonderful bedlam. I can’t remember whose idea it was. It was just one of those things that happened'  .
Nicole Kidman has been slammed by an American union representing 25,000 flight attendants for her new ad campaign with Etihad Airways. The Association of Professional Flight Attendants argues the deal was at odds with Kidman's role as a United Nations Women's Goodwill Ambassador. Etihad has rejected the allegation, arguing its commitment to its employees is one of its top priorities.
90 per cent of patients were able to get an appointment in 2013/14 but 10 per cent could not. Shambolic situation responsible for as many as a quarter of A&E visits, British Medical Journal study says. Comes just a day after it was revealed one in five visits to casualty are unnecessary, researchers say .
Sofia Davila posted raunchy pictures of herself online and flirted with men she met on Facebook. The 21-year-old from Buenos Aires would spike their drinks and wait for them to fall unconscious. She would then rob their homes after they fell unconscious.
Buckingham Palace released video of the 30-year-old enjoying his flight ahead of his arrival in Australia tomorrow. He will begin a month-long attachment with the Australian Defence Force in Canberra. The royal relished his adrenaline-charged 250mph Spitfire ride from Goodwood to the Isle of Wight. The flight was staged to support a veterans' scholarship .
Nicola Horlick, 54, said she felt a noticeable difference in her body between her first child at 25 and her last at 38. Her eldest daughter Georgina died from leukaemia in 1998 age 12. She said her daughter inspired her to fundraise for Africa before she died  .
The $2 billion Fiona Stanley Hospital in southwest Perth was found to have blood and bone fragments of some its medical instruments. The hospital was stripped of its medical service provider Serco after they failed to return sterilising equipment. The company was fined $60,000 .
Couple Jay Alvarrez and Alexis Rene love nothing more than travelling the world and snapping amazing photos. The pair share their travel snaps on Jay's tumblr blog and Instagram page. Jay has 750,000 followers on Instagram and Alexis has 1.1million for the shots she takes .
Bunkie King, 60, has revealed details of her 15-year affair with Australian actor Jack Thompson. Ms King, who appeared with Thompson in 1975 movie Scobie Malone, had a three-way relationship with him and her sister, Leona. She said their relationship was 'quite old-fashioned'
Rick Yoes, 57, spent the weekend in jail in Grand Prairie, Texas, after being cited for six code violations. Yoes says the city of Grand Prairie didn't do enough to warn him about the citations. The electrician has been cited for high grass over a foot long, overhanging tree limbs, a dilapidated wood fence, and junk in the yard  .
Sharon Freundel, wife of disgraced D.C. rabbi Bernard 'Barry' Freundels, gave a speech on March 22 which alludes to her family's recent scandal. In October, her husband was charged with spying on dozens of women changing in their synagogue's ritual bathroom. In February, he pleaded guilty to 52 misdemeanor charges of misdemeanor voyeurism. He is set to be sentenced on May 15 and faces up to five years in prison.
Jennifer McGirr, 61, said abuse started when windows to Tower View Hotel were shattered. Man threw a brick at them in a 'premeditated' attack, she claims. Also claims to have had a stream of intimidating phone calls since starring on show.
Leo the Staffordshire-Boxer cross almost burned down the house in Peckham, south-east London. Firefighters believe he knocked one of the cooker knobs, turning on the hob, setting fire to car seat.
Ralph Body, 41, was fired from the front desk of the luxury 27 on 27th building in Long Island City, Queens, on March 29. Body says he 'gave his life' for his wealthy tenants and would go out of his way to do any personal tasks they asked.
Lusitanian toadfish lives in rocky crevices in the Mediterranean Sea and Atlantic Ocean. Males build nests under rocks during mating season, which runs from May to July. They sing to attract females and warn off rivals who may be trying to swipe their nesting site. The whistles vary according to the size of the fish and their size.
Dr Omar Saadi Al-Atraqchi, 42, cut peepholes in Lynx shampoo bottles and hid iPhone inside to film men. He then slid the device under the partition of shower cubicles so he could secretly film men next door to him. But he was caught out twice when a man noticed a glint of a camera through a bottle and a fitness instructor became suspicious when he heard plastic being rustled and saw a Lynx bottle.
The PDSA has said that obesity levels in pets is at an all-time high. Experts predict that more than half of pets will be overweight in five years. Carrots named as the worst culprit as they are very high in sugar and should only be given as the occasional treat, not regular.
Patrick Sondheimer, 36, tried to break down cockpit door to stop killer pilot Andreas Lubitz crashing plane. Father-of-two spent five minutes trying to smash his way into the cockpit using an axe. Shrine erected in memory of staff killed during tragedy also includes picture of co-pilot Lubitz, 27  .
The search for a two-metre South American boa constrictor, on the loose after police mistakenly believed it was a harmless Australian python and set it free, has been called off. The reptile could pose a threat to local wildlife and even people's pet cats and dogs. Snake catcher Tony Harrison warned that the snake could be contagious .
Richie Sambora, 55, is being investigated by police over claims he 'threatened to kill' his former fashion designer lover Nikki Lund. The rock star is said to have made the chilling threat during a blazing telephone argument on March 19. Lund, 33, filed a report with police a week later. The pair had been having an on-off personal relationship for eight years before their affair ended  .
Today's airstrikes targeted rebel-controlled army camps in the Red Sea port city of Hodeida, and hit warehouses belonging to a dairy factory. The jets drew return fire from anti-aircraft guns as the Saudi-led campaign to defeat the Iran-backed Shiite rebels loyal to Yemen's deposed president Ali Abdullah Saleh entered its seventh day.
Arnold Quintero, 21, from San Antonio, Texas faces a string of charges after the girl told police she was punched and forced to undress in front of her attacker. He faces two charges of aggravated sexual assault of a child.
Rules about the size and number of tattoos are also set to be dropped, according to Sergeant Major of the Army Dan Dailey. 'As long as it's not visible in the Army uniform…that's the spirit of what we went after,' Dailey told the Army Times on Wednesday .
E-scapes is the world's first 'virtual holiday' experience on social media. Customers appear to be on a trip away according to their social channels, whilst actually still at home. Berlin, Cape Town and Abu Dhabi will be available to book from just €19 (£14) from Park Inn by Radisson.
Tory health minister Dan Poulter, Lib Dem minister Tom Brake and Labour frontbencher Gavin Shuker put themselves at the mercy of a personal trainer. Each was given strict orders to eat more healthily, do more exercise and take better care of their bodies. All three took part in Men's Health magazine.
National Union of Teachers (NUT) says new counter terrorism rules are 'shutting down debate' Teachers say they are now being forced to spy on children during sensitive discussions. Delegates at annual conference in Harrogate, North Yorkshire, raise concerns .
Billy-Anne Huxham, 18, was found at 9.45pm at Aerodrome Road in Maroochydore, on Queensland's Sunshine Coast. Police found the Nissan SUV that was used in her abduction earlier that day. Her ex partner Carl Garry Chapman, 32, has been detained and charged with a string of offences including assault, torture and deprivation of liberty .
Gibbons produce soft 'hoo' calls that are almost inaudible to the human ear. Yet scientists have found the animals use these whispers to communicate specific information to each other. Researchers at the University of Durham used computer algorithms to analyse the whoops and songs produced by the apes. They found the quiet calls were designed to alert other gibbons nearby .
Delmarva Power says a stolen electric meter had been illegally connected to the rental home where the family was living since November. The utility says the meter was disconnected for safety reasons on March 25. Rodney Todd and his two sons and five daughters then used a generator for power. They were last seen alive on March 28. Police responding to a missing persons report found their bodies Monday after friends, school workers and Todd's supervisor at work had knocked on the door.
Real Housewives Of New Jersey star Joe Giudice has had his driving license suspended for two years by a state judge who called his driving record the worst he's ever seen. He pleaded guilty in October to unlawful use of an ID and impersonation. His guilty plea included an 18-month sentence. That will run concurrent with his 41-month federal sentence for bankruptcy fraud and failing to file taxes . His wife, Teresa, is serving a 15-monthFederal sentence on the fraud charges. He will begin his sentence when hers is over  .
Summer Robertson from Shrewsbury died after being overpowered by fierce currents off South Africa beach. The 21-year-old had been helping youngsters in one of the country's poorest townships. She was with three other British members of a team that had completed a 10-week charity adventure together with the Latitude youth volunteering group.
Shadow chancellor repeatedly refused to rule out trying to balance the books by lowering the amount workers have to earn before they pay the higher income tax rate. Number of people paying 40p tax has already risen from about 2million to 5million in two decades. Tories have promised to lift the threshold if they are returned to power if they win election .
Gemma Flanagan, 31, from Liverpool, was left paralysed after being hit by Guillain Barre Syndrome. The aspiring model was working for British Airways when the condition first struck. She assumed partying in six-inch heels during a stopover was the cause of the pain in her legs - but it wasn't.
Karen Davis, from Port Pirie in South Australia, has been charged by police with disorderly behaviour. The 38-year-old mother was captured by a camera car for the popular Google Maps app . Police say she 'pursued' the Google car to make sure she was captured exposing herself and that it was an illegal act. The mother-of-two has hit back at 'flat-tittie chicks' saying they are not confident enough with their own bodies. She plans to skydive topless for her 40th birthday .
A 51-year-old woman has been charged with assault, going armed in public as to cause fear, disorderly conduct and conduct likely to racially harass. Footage of the incident shows the woman verbally abusing her African neighbours and swinging a crowbar at them. The woman, who works as a chef, insists she was the victim and that she was injured .
Adam Crapser, 39, of Salem, Oregon, was issued with deportation papers by the Department of Homeland Security in January and a hearing is set for April 2. The father-of-three, who has a fourth child on the way, arrived in America with the name Shin Sonh Hyuk in 1979 along with his biological sister. His first set of adoptive parents abandoned him and the second set turned out to be abusive. At no point did his guardians seek the green card or citizenship for him that they should have.
Louis Jordan, 37, who was stranded 200 miles off the coast of North Carolina, suffered no sun damage, was not dehydrated and refused treatment when he was checked over in hospital. The Coast Guard crew who rescued him said he had a small smile on his face when they landed on his vessel, expecting him to be covered in blisters and have severe sunburn. Jordan had been living on his 1950s-era boat at a marina in Conway, South Carolina, until January.
Taliban release bizarre biography of Mullah Omar in celebration of his 19th year as leader. Biography praises one-eyed terrorist's 'special' sense of humour and love of grenade launchers. Taliban have reportedly seen defections to ISIS, with some insurgents expressing disaffection with Omar. Omar has not been seen since 2001 US-led invasion of Afghanistan.
'Gruesome scenes of mass graves and further evident signs of slaughter' have been brought to light, says Zeid Raad al-Hussein. Boko Haram's reported use of children as shields would constitute war crimes and crimes against humanity, he said. Comes after reports that hundreds of women and children were seized from primary schools.
The man, Ibrahim Jalloh, along with another Australian, Bengali Sherrif, were reportedly arrested at Guangzhou Airport in June 2014. They were allegedly in possession of a substantial quantity of ice. Bengali has reportedly been sentenced to death, but his sentence could be reduced to life in prison if he is well-behaved during his first two years in prison, according to reports .
Author David Fitzgerald says there are no contemporary mentions of Jesus in historical accounts. Claims there are discrepancies in the early gospels of Mark, Matthew and Luke. Claims these were written decades after the supposed time of Jesus' life. Claims disciples of Jesus were also probably not real .
The 27-year-old is serving a 35-year sentence for espionage and computer fraud. She was convicted in 2013 of leaking thousands of secret diplomatic cables to WikiLeaks. Chelsea Manning, formerly known as Bradly, is now living as a woman and is working to transition her gender. She started a Twitter account from prison in Kansas on Friday afternoon .
John R. Lind, 34, admitted on Thursday to tainting Pat Maahs' drink with his semen while they worked together at Beisswenger’s hardware store in New Brighton, Minnesota. Initially, Maahs thought the coffee smelled bad because the milk in the office was spoiled .
Jeralean Talley of Inkster tops a list maintained by the Los Angeles-based Gerontology Research Group, which tracks the world's longest-living people. Gertrude Weaver, a 116-year-old Arkansas woman who was the oldest documented person for a total of six days, died on Monday. Talley was born in rural Montrose on May 23, 1899 .
Randy Johnston, 68, from Dallas, Texas, decided to leave two 'fake poops' on his granddaughters' beds. His son then went about filming the moment of discovery. But footage shows that the prank turned out to be decidedly disastrous, with Randy's six-year-old granddaughter Porter getting red-faced and dramatically crying in horror.
Vladimir Putin will consider any attempt to return Crimean peninsula to Ukraine as declaration of war. Will take any necessary step - including using nuclear weapons - to retain control of the region. Also planning imminent 'destabilising actions' in pro-Western Baltic states in direct challenge to Nato.
Kourtnie A. Sanchez, 25, was arrested Monday on charges including electronic solicitation, unlawful sexual relations and promoting obscenity to a minor. She was a student teacher at Marshall Elementary School in Eureka, Kansas, during the fall 2014 semester. Prosecutors allege her victims were aged between 15 and 17, and that the alleged incidents occurred over five months .
Residents danced in the streets, blared their horns and waved their national flag following the breakthrough deal. Agreement between Iran and the West aims to prevent Tehran making a nuclear weapon in exchange for phased sanction relief. President Hassan Rouhani said: 'Everything we promised in the nuclear talks ... we will remain loyal to and stand by our promises' He called on world powers to fulfil their part of the deal .
Amateur jockey Lewis Ferguson hit the fence on his first ride for new boss Paul Nicholls. Merrion Square was a hotly tipped favourite to win the John Dufosee Memorial Hunter Chase at Wincanton on Wednesday at 4.20.
Li Chien, 30, had been visiting a nearby pub when his bed-time ritual was interrupted by the dog. He grabbed a bread knife from his kitchen and went to his neighbour's yard where he slit the throat of the mixed-breed called Lucky  .
TheThe lawsuit, which has 750 plantiffs and includes victims and their families, is seeking $1billion, claiming that Johns Hopkins University approved and helped to plan the study. It ran from 1945 to 1956, and the few victims who are still alive were almost all children when they were unknowingly infected, and many of them were orphans. It is estimated approximately 700 people were infected with the disease, and of the roughly 75% who were treated, only 25% were reported to have completed their treatment. The United States government only admitted to this experiment in 2010, which was run by Dr. John Cutler, also known for his infamous syphilis experiment in Tuskegee, Alabama. The study resulted in 83million dollars in benefits and 83million benefits over a lifetime.
Deborah Fuller, 56, dragged her dog Tango for 400 metres behind her car as she drove at 30mph. The Rhodesian ridgeback was left with injuries to all four paws and a deep wound on his elbow. He is believed to have escaped from the boot of her car and was dragged along the single carriageway. Fuller denied causing unnecessary suffering to an animal but was convicted at Chelmsford Magistrates' Court. She has been banned from keeping animals for five years and had dogs confiscated.
Leading King historian Stuart Wexler says FBI deliberately destroyed files relating to the assassination of Dr Martin Luther King. He says the bureau chose to cover up the potential role of a high level informant in the killing rather than tell the truth. King was shot dead by James Earl Ray on 4 April 1968 at the Lorraine Motel.
Mobile phone companies boasted 4G services would be ‘five times faster’ than 3G. But the actual figure is actually only 2.5 times faster - 14.7 megabits per second. This is compared to 5.9Mbit/s per second on the 3G service that most people use. More than 10 million people have been won over.
An unnamed Wall Street trader made a profit of approximately $2.5million on Friday thanks to a tweet from the Wall Street Journal. The trader purchased 315,800 shares of chipmaker Altera one minute after the Journal reported Intel was in talks to purchase them. The deal has yet to happen .
Donna Oettinger, 41, and her son Zaki died on train tracks in south London in March 2013. She had attempted to kill herself three months before but was unable to receive treatment recommended to her by doctors. Her mental health had declined after discovering Zaki's father had a second family in Egypt. She also was using cocaine regularly for six months and became convinced she had caused lasting damage. Coroner has ruled that doctors and social services in charge of looking after her made five 'significant' failures .
The RSPCA has no more legal actions left under the Hunting Act after dropping case against William Bryer. Last month it dropped case against Cattistock Hunt master after three-year battle to prove he had broken laws. Fox hunting was outlawed in 2005 under Tony Blair's government .
Mohammed Alam, Sayed Juied and Sadek Miah treated burglary 'like a job, a profession', police said. Gang broke into 21 homes in west London, Hertfordshire and Surrey over the course of 11 months. They took cars, cash, jewellery, electricals and paintings worth a total of £1million, often waiting until owners were away.
New Yorker Sarah Theeboom was inspired to give up using products on her hair after she ran into an old friend whose once dry, frizzy locks were smooth and shiny. The writer from New York City said her hair is now silkier and healthier .
The Indian village of Supai is concealed at the bottom of Havasu Canyon, in the heart of the Havasupai Nation reservation. The tribe is the smallest Indian nation in America, with just over 600 inhabitants. The village relies on tourism for its income.
Rae Johnston is one of the growing number of Australians dressing up in hand-made costumes of their favourite comic book, TV show or movie characters in the name of cosplay. The 33-year-old Sydney based tech and gaming journalist has been selected to host the Cosplay championships at this year's Oz Comic-Con.
Ten officers from Guernsey Police executed search warrants at the Eagle Medical Practice and a private residential address on the island of Alderney. The investigation was launched following the deaths of four patients in the Channel Islands.
The video was captured on a camera phone at a school in Portland, Oregon, and shows the well-built man lecturing a crowd of students. He then orders the class to give him a count as he hoists the axe over his head and swings it directly into the unlucky fellow-teacher.
The eVolo Magazine Skyscraper Competition was established in 2006 to recognise 'outstanding ideas for vertical living' The first place in this year's contest was awarded to a team of Polish designers for its project Essence Sk skyscraper. The main body of the building is divided into 11 natural landscapes including open floor plans, water floors, fish tanks lifted up to 98 feet (30 metres) above ground, and jungle areas. It beat designs for a 'Times Squared 3015' concept at the heart of Times Square, a Bio-Pyramid in the Sahara .
British national, of Polish origin, arrested in operation against far-left militant group. Members of DHKP-C took senior Turkish prosecutor Mehmet Selim Kiraz hostage last week. Both the prosecutor and the hostage takers were killed after a police shoot-out at Istanbul Court House last week .
Salvina Formosa from South Wentworthville, west of Sydney, has been taking part in step classes to improve her fitness and strength to walk. The 101-year-old widow, who was never keen on exercise in her youth, now does weights and sit-to-stand exercises several times a week at Southern Cross Care .
Last month, the company and health officials said a 3-ounce cup of ice cream contaminated with listeriosis was traced to a plant in Broken Arrow, Oklahoma. The now-recalled ice cream product is not sold in retail locations and is shipped in bulk to 'institutional accounts' such as hospitals in 23 states .
Ao Nang Princess 5 ferry was carrying more than 100 people, including many foreign tourists. Passengers were throwing themselves into the Andaman Sea after the engine exploded and flames ripped through the boat. Photos taken by rescuers showed the abandoned vessel burning down almost to the waterline.
Kamron T. Taylor, 23, escaped from the Jerome Combs Detention Center in Kankakee, Illinois, at about 3 a.m. Wednesday. He beat a guard into unconsciousness, took his keys and uniform and sped off in his SUV. He was convicted of first-degree murder in February and faces a sentence of 45 years to life in prison. Authorities issued an alert for a 15-year-old girl, Savannah Bell, who they believed was with Taylor at the time of his escape.
More than 1,000 Cuban properties are listed on the popular home-rental website. Private rooms are available for as little as $12 (£8) a night and the bulk of them are in Havana. Airbnb has plans for rapid growth in the country.
Hakaoro Hakaoro was sentenced to 20 months in jail in January 2014 for working without a licence. The 55-year-old has been found guilty of six new complaints by the Immigration Advisors Disciplinary Tribunal. The shocking new allegations include inviting women into his house to enter a sexual relationship and asking them to carry out household duties.
Fan site AppleInsider has spotted nine job listings on Apple's official recruitment site. These include one for an iOS battery life software engineer and another for iOS software power systems engineer. Apple's larger iPhone 6 and 6 Plus have been found to last about eight hours with heavy usage and up to 22 hours with normal usage .
Gizelle Laurente said her son, Jacob, was not allowed to board a flight from Darwin to Brisbane because of his autism. Jacob was booked to fly to Brisbane to spend the Easter Weekend with his father and younger brother. Qantas said it had not been given the required paperwork to clear an unaccompanied child   .
Tiffanie DiDonato, from Swansboro, North Carolina, was born with diastrophic dysplasia, a rare form of dwarfism. She underwent numerous limb-lengthening surgeries as a child so she could grow to be 4'10 tall, instead of her previous height of 3'8. The 34-year-old mom has to use crutches, or sometimes a wheelchair, because of the stiff muscles and arthritis that are side effects of her condition.
Red Cross worker Rene Schulthoff photographed girl in Jordanian refugee camp in November. He did not realise how terrified she was until he was editing the photographs later. Follows iconic image of four-year-old Adi Hudea who also surrendered to camera last year. She is one of 17,000 Syrians living in the Azraq camp in Jordan .
Ugaaso Abukar Boocow is trying to change people's perceptions of Somalia with her photos of everyday life. The 27-year-old’s Instagram feed is a mixture of selfies, snapshots of daily life and Somali traditions. Her photos show peaceful scenes, happy faces and stunning beauty spots .
Ryan Burns of Eureka, California, said he could barely believe his eyes when he went out to investigate where the beeping was coming from. Footage shows the animal standing up with his front paws firmly pressed on the horn. He refuses to get down from the device even when the camera zooms in .
Steven Christopher Costa, 31, plans to head out to the Middle East next month to join the war against ISIS. The married father-of-two will leave his wife and young children behind to fight for three months. He will join up with Kurdish fighters and other foreign ex-servicemen who have joined the battle. He has applied for a visa and plans to fly.
Kevin Pimentel, 12, shot dead his six-year-old brother, Brady, as they made dinner inside their mobile home in Hudson, Florida last week. He then shot his older brother, Trevor, 16, in the leg before turning the gun on himself. The boys' mother, Helen Campochiaro, 38, and another brother, 18, were not home at the time of the shooting. They were laid to rest on Thursday .
Carlos Colina, 32, pleaded not guilty in Cambridge District Court to charges of being an accessory after the fact to assault, battery causing serious bodily injury and improper disposal of a body. Remains, including a torso and limbs, first were found in a duffel bag discarded outside the building of technology company Biotech Saturday morning. The head of Jonathan Camilien, 26, was found in Colina's apartment building.
Dangelo Conner, from New York, filmed himself messing around with the powerful weapon in a friend's apartment. But his antics all went horribly wrong when he electrocuted a metal bracelet while he was still holding it  .
Crsity Collins was using crystal meth every day and spending up to $500 a week on the drug. The 30-year-old took herself to the emergency room six times while suffering drug induced psychosis. The former paramedic has made her story public in an attempt to raise awareness of the drug and the lack of support available for its victims. Ms Collins has now been clean for nine months.
Orgasmic meditation, shortened to OM, is a practice that marries sex with mindfulness. It involves the light stimulation of a woman's clitoris for 15 minutes without interruption. The aim is not necessarily to orgasm but simply to 'feel' the sensation .
U.S. District Judge Susan Dlott agreed this week that the tea party groups can pursue their claims that the IRS violated their First and Fifth Amendment rights. The IRS has admitted playing political favorites with the tax code beginning in 2010, when it began applying extra scrutiny to groups with red-flag words like 'patriots' or 'tea party' in their names. The agency's lawyers claimed that they couldn't provide the court with the names of all the groups on the list.
The experiment is being run by researchers at the Japanese space agency (Jaxa) Called the Plant Gravity Sensing study, it will be conducted when new supplies are taken to the ISS by a SpaceX Dragon capsule on 13 April. The experiment will examine the cellular process of formation in thale cress, a small flowering plant related to cabbage. Results will show if the plants can sense changes in gravity, and adapt levels of calcium in their cells to compensate.
The Zombie is a fruity cocktail made from three different types of rum, lime juice, falernum, Angostura bitters, Pernod, grenadine, cinnamon syrup and grapefruit juice .
Tiny Himalayan kingdom wedged between Tibet and India is a land of myths and magic. Tiger's Nest Monastery is the most sacred site in the Buddhist country of Bhutan. Buddhism lies at the heart of society in the country.
Lisa Colagrossi was returning from covering a house fire in Queens, New York on March 19 when she collapsed. The married mother-of-two collapsed from a brain aneurysm and never regained consciousness . Her mother Lois was greeting mourners at her funeral on March 23 when she was approached by her daughter's boss Camille Edwards. Witnesses claim she refused to hug her boss .
Kristin Holmes, 26, allegedly uploaded controversial image after she was mistaken for another woman. She captioned photo: 'I'll post a few actual pics of me so you know the difference when you "come find me" She then 'exchanged words' with the other users on the site, it is reported. She is now facing a Class 1 misdemeanor that could lead to one year in jail.
Nigel Farage called for the number of arrivals into Britain to be limited at 50,000 a year. But at the same time he claimed overall caps on net migration would be 'ludicrous' Ukip’s manifesto chief later added to the confusion by saying the limit might change .
Manual for party's supporters urges them to appear 'level headed' and 'agreeable' Canvassers encouraged to visit car boot sales, supermarkets and sporting events. It comes amid growing scrutiny of the Green Party's manifesto commitments .
Three-year-old Siamese Choupette earned £2.18million last year, despite only doing two jobs. Cara Delevingne, one of the world's top models, took home £ 2.4million. The cat has her own Twitter and Instagram accounts and has two maids.
Sarah Thomas, a 42-year-old mother of three from Brandon, Mississippi, has reportedly been tapped as the first woman to be hired as a full-time NFL referee. She has previously refereed preseasons games, scrimmages and minicamps after becoming part of the NFL's training program since 2013.
Dr Michael Shannon saved Chris Trokey's life when he was born premature more than 30 years ago. In 2011, Dr Shannon was trapped in his burning SUV after it was T-boned by a semi-truck. Trokey, now an Orange County Fire Authority paramedic, pulled him out alive and rushed him to hospital.
Rob Kardashian has all but disappeared from the media spotlight over the last year. The 28-year-old is thought to have struggled with his weight gain over the past few years. His sister Khloe believes he suffers from anxiety.
Joshua Malatino and his then-girlfriend, Samantha Scott, were accused of harassing and stalking a rival ice cream truck driver in Gloversville, New York in April 2013. The driver of Mr. Ding-A-Ling said the two had repeatedly harassed and stalked him. The case was dismissed this week by a judge.
Latisha Fisher, 35, has been charged with second-degree murder for allegedly killing 20-month-old Gavriel Ortiz-Fisher with her bare hands inside a bathroom at 5 Boro Burger on West 36th Street Monday afternoon. She told police: 'I was afraid that someone was going to eat him so I was protecting him. I put him to sleep with my hand' Fisher had a violent past and a history of psychiatric problems, but she was evaluated as mentally fit as recently as last year. She was sentenced to probation in 2011 for stabbing her aunt in the head, arm and ear after being diagnosed with schizophrenia after the incident. Neighbors say she tried to kill her son's older brother and burned oil onto him .
Kathrin Goldbach and her family are said to be afraid of being blamed for the Germanwings crash. The 26-year-old maths teacher, her rescue volunteer brother Andreas and their parents have reportedly fled their home in Montabaur. Friend of distraught family said: 'The hatred of the world is coming down upon her, it is very hard to come back'
Jordan Waddingham scoured through bushland at Karoola, north east of Launceston in Tasmania. The 12-year-old made a startling discovery after following a trail of wasps. The 90-kilogram nest is measured at one metre tall and a circumference of three metres after being destroyed overnight.
Police have charged a man and woman over the discovery of a mass greyhound dog grave in Bundaberg, Queensland. A 71-year-old man and 64- year-old woman were both charged with unlawfully possessing a firearm. The carcasses of more than 50 greyhounds were found at the bush site in Coonarr on Tuesday. The pair will appear in court on Friday.
Paris Picnics offers made-to-order picnic baskets filled with wine, baguettes, cheese and crisps. Customers can pick from one of the four picnic options on offer and order online. Each picnic includes cutlery and a cotton blanket  .
Randy Pierce, from Nashua, New Hampshire, was one of only 10 percent of competitors to successfully complete the 'King of the Swingers' obstacle in California last week. Pierce lost his sight when he was just 22 years old, from a neurological disease that also left him in a wheelchair. He left his wheelchair for good in 2006 and has since climbed all 48 mountains in New Hampshire and run 30 road races, as well as running with his guide dog Quinn .
Tina Campbell, from London, paid £100 for the weave but was forced to seek medical attention after her scalp became infected. She spent the day of her 29th birthday in bandages after having the boils surgically removed. Miss Campbell said the incident has not deterred her from hair extensions.
Footage shows 27-year-old Jared Henry of Arkansas being knocked off his longboard to the ground. The pro-sportsman was shooting a video for the Fayettechill outdoor clothing brand before the freak accident took place.
Sussex Police poster urges women not to leave friends alone or let them wander off with strangers. Anti-rape campaigners say it implies victims are to blame for getting raped. But supporters say it is not 'victim-blaming' and offers 'sensible advice' The posters will be put up at bus stops.
The 85-year-old won 212 races during his 14-year career before a crash at Goodwood in 1962 ended his career. Sir Stirling said he sees fitness as a 'way of life' which is why he is still so confident behind the wheel. He has swapped high-octane vehicles for an electric car with 50mph.
Taylor Davis, 20, was seen in the Kissimmee, Florida store, touching himself and possibly following a female shopper on Tuesday. Osceola County Sheriff Deputies found the suspect in his car in the parking lot. He was arrested on disorderly conduct and criminal mischief charges  .
The event was an attempt at breaking the world's biggest Easter egg hunt record. But it descended into chaos as parents raced into the field armed with their own baskets. Children as young as two were pushed to the ground as adults invaded .
The £300,000 Ferrari 599 GTO was driven by parking attendant Roberto Cinti in Anzio, south of Rome. The supercar can hit 60mph in just 3.3 seconds and is one of the most powerful ever produced by the Italian car maker .
The Red Lady's remains were found in the El Mirón Cave in Cantabria, Spain. Radiocarbon dating suggests she was buried 18,700 years ago. Her grave provides the first evidence of an ancient Magdalenian burial in the region. An engraved stone found near her remains appears to have been a makeshift tombstone.
Traquair castle hosts the world's largest Easter Egg hunt in the maze. Learn how to be a court jester at Stirling Castle with a special workshop for kids. Look for Alice in Wonderland in the grounds of Belsay Hall .
Ukip leader said he wanted to 'keep his mind as clear as possible' before the two-hour live TV showdown. But he admitted he would break his drink ban at 6pm before heading into the studio for the showdown. Ukip aide had previously admitted Mr Farage would have a drink or two ahead of the debate.
Meaghan Hudson, 25, said she had multiple myeloma, a type of cancer which forms in the bone marrow, in December 2013. Friends rushed to support her, even shaving their heads and getting tattoos in solidarity. Nursing student raised $5,000 through a fundraising website and promised to pay back those who donated .
Federal government regulations and the American Heart Association have for decades warned that excess salt contributes to the deaths of tens of thousands of Americans each year. As the federal government prepares its influential Dietary Guidelines for 2015, some scientists are now saying that the average American salt consumption rate carries no risk. The guidelines currently dictate the people should limit their intake to 2,300 milligrams, with an even stricter 1,500 milligram limit for African Americans and people over 50. In February the Dietary Guidelines Advisory Committee recommended keeping the larger limit.
Sinatra laughed when asked if Mia Farrow's son Ronan was her brother, Showbiz 411's Roger Friedman said. Tina Sinatra, 66, told him: 'Couldn't be. Frank had a vasectomy before that. I don't know whose sonRonan is' . Sinatra died in 1998.
Fergus Simpson from the University of Barcelona applied a mathematical formula to assume aliens obey the same laws of conservation of energy as animals on Earth. And from this, he calculates that if intelligent extraterrestrials exist they will typically weigh 650lbs (300kg) - around the size of a polar bear. But the calculations don’t take into account an alien planet’s surface gravity, which means the calculation is incomplete.
Robert Durst's childhood home in Scarsdale, New York, hit the market this week as he prepares to face murder charges in California. But realtors have glossed over the coincidence, and the checkered past involving his mother's apparent suicide when she jumped off the roof at the age of 32. With five fireplaces, a custom-designed chandelier and maids' quarters, 27 Hampton Road is certainly no hovel as it hits the market for $3.
The Canadian Fair Trade Network is hoping the images will make people think about the garments they are wearing. The photographs feature clothing labels telling the tragic stories of factory workers from Bangladesh, Cambodia and Sierra Leone. Each label says that the product is 100 per cent cotton.
Tuti Yusupova's friends claim both her birth certificate and passport prove she was born in 1880. They now want the Guinness Book of Records to document that achievement . The current record holder is French woman Jeanne Calment, who was 122 when she died in 1997 at the age of 122.
Samsung will reportedly be the main supplier of the A9 chips in Apple's upcoming iPhone range. The Korean tech giant will start making the chips at its Giheung plant in South Korea later this year. The deal is said to be worth 'billions of dollars' . It follows news Samsung is facing a 'bendgate' controversy after a video showed its S6 bending and shattering. Samsung announced better-than-expected profits for the first quarter of 2015 .
Independent investigators called into Royal Oldham after deaths of four babies and two mothers. Lisa Parkisson, 35, died at Oldham Royal 48 hours after giving birth in April this year. Thomas Beaty died at the same hospital in June after doctors pushed him back into womb. Report found 'notable absence of clinical leadership' and 'failure to adequately plan care'
London Midland has vowed to give police CCTV images of a 'disgusting' passenger. Passenger made the discovery on a train travelling between Lichfield Trent Valley and Longbridge. Service terminated at Birmingham New Street.
Unique psychedelic cartoon depicts the eponymous submarine from the 1968 film. Rare celluloid painting, known as a cel, was used as a master version from which artists created all other images of the wacky vessel.
Chaplin's union to Lita Grey, who was nearly 20 years his junior, lasted just three years. The 50-page divorce papers are set to fetch an estimated £15,000 when they go under the hammer. They were sent to the 1st National Bank of Los Angeles on the 11th Jan 1927 and are being sold by Parade Antiques .
Maxine Fohounhedo, 30, was charged in December with kidnapping and raping a female passenger he picked up after she ordered an UberX ride the month before. The 22-year-old woman told police she was intoxicated and fell in and out of consciousness during the ride. She alleged that she eventually woke up in his apartment as he was having sex with her, according to the Chicago Sun-Times.
Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran's last-ditch legal appeal against their Indonesian death row sentence was heard on Monday in Jakarta's state administrative court. The court decided against allowing the pair's lawyers to challenge Indonesian President Joko Widodo's decision to deny the two Australians clemency. Attorney-general HM Prasetyo said the pair would be executed soon and there would be no more delays as their latest court challenge failed. The pair will be executed.
The Caverne du Pont-d'Arc Cave has been built a few miles from the original site in Vallon-Pont-D'arc in Southern France. It contains 1,000 painstakingly-reproduced drawings of 425 animals as well as 450 bones and other features. Experts scanned the original drawings using 3D modelling techniques to capture each marking and position them correctly on the bumpy replica walls to the millimetres. While the real cave is 91,490 square feet (8,500 metres) the replica is 32,290 square feet. (3,000 square metres) in area in area .
Alison Hall, 48, was at work when she felt her chest tightening and took out her inhaler. She took a sharp breath and felt something shoot to the back of her throat where it became lodged. Mother-of-one ran outside in a panic when neighbour came to her rescue.
India Mayhew, seven, suffered serious head injuries after the horse bolted at a riding facility in Matheran. She had been riding just metres ahead of her father Gavin, 43, and a member of staff when the tragedy unfolded.
Ruanne Dellal, 61, claims her husband Jack was worth at least £400million when he died in 2012. He left his entire estate to her, but she is suing after discovering it amounts to just £1.7million. She claims he must have given away vast chunks of his fortune in secret deals to six of his children. The former Miss South Africa says she is owed up to £385million more than the £15million left to her by the property tycoon   .
'Pie-egg-ra' contains one and a half Cadbury's Creme Eggs and is served with chips for £2.75. Chip shop boss John Clarkson says the sweet-savoury mix is a hit with customers.
Sydney anti-ageing doctor Julie Epstein has been found guilty of medical misconduct. Tribunal found she had been prescribing drugs 'without exercising responsible medical judgement' Dr Epstein also failed to keep accurate or comprehensive records and failed in communication with referring doctors. The doctor has been prosecuted by the Health Care Complaints Commission for her conduct between August 2007 and August 2009.
The bathroom debacle caused people to wait more than one hour to get to one of only two working bathrooms. Some fans were left with no choice but to relieve themselves while standing in line.
The Ohio-based National School Safety and Security Services reviewed more than 800 school threats covered in the media during the first half of the 2014-15 academic year. About one-third of cases involved violent remarks sent anonymously via text message, social media, email or other online means.
The 40-year-old E! star looked cool and collected as she left The Trump Tower in New York City on Monday. She was seen leaving the Trump International Hotel on her way to a Today Show appearance.
Mother-of-two Lindsey Norman spotted the image in a six pack of £1 buns from Sainsbury's in Peterborough. The shop assistant said it made her 'giggle' when she saw the uncanny resemblance with Easter coming up on the eve of Easter.
Medical professionals at the University of Arkansas for Medical Sciences in Little Rock ruled out several causes for the 56-year-old man's kidney problems. Black tea has high levels of oxalate, a chemical known to produce kidney stones .
Kellie Maloney, 61, had final sex change operation last week and is now recovering at home. She was expected to stay in hospital for 10 days, but has been released four days early. She now faces a further six weeks recuperation period at her home in Kent .
The Milat Letters, is a compilation of 94 notes from Ivan Milat to his eldest nephew Alistair Shipsey. Milat is serving seven consecutive life sentences for the murders of seven backpackers in NSW between 1989 and 1992. In the letters, he tells Shipsey about his 'fair share' of 'sheilas', who write 'some frightening things' - and one woman who has even proposed. Shipsey, a 55-year-old former Rebels bikie gang member, has compiled the letters into a $32 book .
Ivan Carlos, 22, and eighteen-year-old Brenda Avilez were sleeping in a trailer at the Lone Oak Mobile Home Park in Palmetto at around 2.30am Wednesday when the driver of the white Chevrolet SUV lost control of the vehicle and crashed through the fence, killing the couple. The driver, Christian Crawford, 35, was taken to a hospital with non-life-threatening injuries.
Lara Logan, 43, is said to be resting at her home in the Washington DC area but working on upcoming stories. A close family friend of Logan's, financial pundit Ed Butowsky, confirmed late last month that the 43-year-old had been hospitalized. She was the victim of a 'sustained and brutal' sexual assault as she reported from Cairo on the resignation of President Mubarak in 2011.
Cressida, 26, dated Prince Harry for two years before splitting in April last year. Despite rumours they were planning to marry, Cressida says she's having the time of her life. She's been pictured at fashion parties and music festivals and modelling for Mulberry.
John and Elizabeth Knott lived in a 'idyllic' £500,000 retirement cottage in Bosbury, Herefordshire. But Mr Knott, 71, had been struggling to cope after his wife developed Alzheimer's and a travelling family bought a plot of land next door. He had spent months battling plans for a traveller encampment on the land - which he feared would knock thousands off the value of his home. He also faced the growing strain of caring for his 70-year-old wife, who was known as Anne.
Miami Herald columnist Lesley Abravanel told Daily Mail Online exclusively that sources close to Dr Brandt said he had hanged himself at his home on Sunday. Dr Fredric Brandt, 65, was known for working with stars including Madonna, Kelly Ripa and Stephanie Seymour. He was reportedly 'devastated' by unflattering comparisons to Dr Franff on Tina Fey's hit show, Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, according to unnamed sources. The cosmetic surgeon character, played by Martin Short, has a striking resemblance to Brandt. Brandt's publicist Jacquie Tractenberg did not reveal information about the illness, cause of death or the circumstances of the death. An autopsy will be conducted on Monday  .
Experts want to attract more workers from Asia where wages are low. Extending the length of working visas for live-in nannies from overseas could help tackle the childcare shortage. Labor Opposition Leader Bill Shorten says foreign nanies paid as little as $250 a week are not the answer. Around 10,000 au pairs travel to Australia each year .
White House press secretary Josh Earnest said the outage 'briefly had an impact on the White House complex' but it was 'back on the regular power source' by the time he began his briefing approximately an hour and a half later. The U.S. Capitol, the Justice Department, IRS, Department of Energy and several Smithsonian museums, as well as the city's metro system.
The picture of Rosa Camfield cradling her new-born great-granddaughter Kaylee became an online sensation after it was posted to Facebook two weeks ago. Rosa's granddaughter, Sarah Hamm, 33, detailed her grandmother's life from tumultuous youth in the Depression era, to a difficult divorce in the 1950s and all the way to her third marriage - to her childhood sweetheart - in her 80s.
Hot spot near Four Corners intersection of Arizona, Colorado, New Mexico and Utah covers only about 2,500 square miles. Recent Nasa map shows is produces more than triple the standard ground-based estimate - and researchers don't know why.
Richard and Angela Maxwell from Lincolnshire scooped £53,193,914 jackpot on Tuesday. Couple, both 67, have only modest plans for what to do with the huge windfall. They plan to take their family on holiday to New Zealand first class and buy a Land Rover  .
Star Reader was diagnosed with Biliary Atresia within days of being born in Barnsley, West Yorkshire. Doctors discovered the baby's bile ducts were blocked, a condition that can be fatal if left untreated. Parents Jade Reader and Matthew Bygrave were told the infant would need a liver transplant. Her twin sister Shanell Reader offered part of her liver .
Diane Greenberg, a devout Catholic, and her husband Bob, who is Jewish, decided to split their family down the middle. Diane took charge of daughter Katie, 24, while Bob taught Steven.
Virginia Roberts had hoped to join lawsuit involving Andrew’s friend Jeffrey Epstein. Judge Kenneth Marra ordered her claims that she was a ‘sex slave’ to Epstein to be struck from the record. Judge ruled details of the accusations against him had no bearing on reopening of the lawsuit .
Jeffrey Williams, 20, is accused of shooting and wounding the officers on March 12, during an early-morning rally sparked by the resignation of Ferguson's police chief. All inmates are informed their phone conversations while behind bars are recorded and can be used as evidence against them. Despite the warning Williams spoke freely about the incident in calls made from the St. Louis County Justice Center despite the warning .
Andy Hornby is non-executive chairman of Pharmacy 2U, found to be selling NHS patients' details on. He was in charge of HBOS when it collapsed in 2008 and faced calls to step down from his role. Many of those whose details he is selling on are some of the most vulnerable in society.
The orphaned youngsters are doing better than ever after they were taken in by retired farmer Pauline Kidner. The first of the badger cubs, named Little Star, was half the weight of an apple when it arrived at Secret World.
Tham Khoun Ex caves, commonly known as Xe Bang Fai River caves, feature imposing stalagmitemade of mineral deposits. With over 15km (nine miles) of awe-inspiring passages and wide expanses of water, it really is one of Laos' hidden treasures .
Christian Englander, 30, was arrested on Monday for throwing a banana peel at Dave Chappelle during a show in Santa Fe, New Mexico. Police said the 30-year-old appeared to be drunk as he sat near the stage and threw the peel, which hit the comedian in the leg . On Thursday he threw another peel at a man who confronted him about the first attack outside a bar. Englander said he threw the second peel because the 'irony of this situation is too much'
Stunning antiquities were sourced from art dealer Subhash Kapoor, who is facing charges in India. The items' origin was discovered after a tourist visiting the museum noticed the dealer was listed as their source. He was arrested in 2011 .
'Now that this is behind us, let's move forward together with a renewed commitment to the civility and respect that make this state great,' Indiana Governor Mike Pence said after signing his state's amended measure. The Arkansas legislature also passed changes to its legislation at the behest of the state's Republican Governor Asa Hutchinson, who rejected a previous version of the bill at the last minute.
In the first standoff, the officers fired 'toward the vicinity' of Tamerlan and Dzhokhar Tsarnaev 'without necessarily having identified and lined up their target' They also reportedly failed to appropriately aim their guns. Amid their chaotic shooting, transit cop Richard Donohue was critically wounded. Shortly after the firefight, an officer mistakenly fired on a police vehicle carrying two other cops. Then, later in the night, a second officer 'fired his weapon without appropriate authority' during a boat standoff. The two standoffs and the car incident all created 'dangerous crossfire situations' But despite the findings, the report praises many other aspects of the emergency response .
Five-month-old Elijah suffers from Type 1 Spinal Muscular Atrophy (SMA) He was born strong but has lost a lot of muscle as he grows older. His parents Jessica and Andrew McCrae have compiled a 30-item bucket list for their son to complete before he passes away. The family have already ticked one item off the line-up: visiting the Sydney Royal Easter Show at the weekend  .
Xiangyu Ouyang, 26, was on a state-sponsored scholarship from Singapore when authorities say she began dosing the bottles with paraformaldehyde starting last September. Paraformaldehyde, a form of embalming fluid formaldehyde, can cause skin irritation, respiratory ailments and, in larger amounts, death. She could face up to 8 years in prison.
Frida Kahlo: The Gisèle Freund Photographs by Gérard de Cortanze and Lorraine Audric is out now. The pictures were taken by a German-born French photographer who travelled to Mexico in 1950. Frida died in 1954 at the age of 47  .
Antti Pendikainen soars through the air with a parachute attached to his snowmobile in Riksgränsen, Sweden. The Finnish daredevil defied gravity by floating effortlessly above the snowy peaks.
New pet GPS system allows owners to track their furry friends' journeys in real time. Available for $50 per flight from 10 US airports. Delta Air Lines has a less than rosy history of pet fatalities.
The three men - Thomas Jordan Driver, 25, David Elliot Moran, 47, and Charles Thomas Newcomb, 42 - were arrested Thursday and each faces one state count of conspiracy to commit murder. The state said the murder plot started after Driver, an officer at the Department of Corrections Reception and Medical Center in rural north Florida, had a fight with the inmate. The FBI was initially alerted to the plot .
Former premier made an unannounced visit to Ulaanbataar last month in his capacity as a consultant. He met new Mongolian prime minister Chimed Saikhanbileg but the secrecy surrounding his trip stoked fears from ecologists and the opposition .
Duchess of Cambridge dismissed as an 'uneventful' dresser by leading author Margaret Atwood. The 75-year-old said Kate hasn’t lived up to the fashion icon reputation of Princess Diana. Miss Atwood said she thinks the duchess is cautious when it comes to clothes .
11-month-old babies reacted with surprise when objects appeared to break the laws of gravity. Babies were given a ball to play with and repeatedly banged it on a table in an apparent attempt to work out its secret. They were similarly perplexed by a toy car that appeared to defy the law of gravity and float in thin air. US researchers say babies learn from unexpected.
Taffee the Shetland pony was found lying on the floor and dying from horrific head injuries. Left side of pony's skull was completely caved in, her left eye was battered out of its socket and concrete embedded in her brain. Charlene Bishop, 17 months old, bought the pony to help deal with her epilepsy and has lost friend.
New figures show a third of GP training posts remain unfilled in some parts of the UK. In the East Midlands, 64 per cent of posts are empty, with 63 per cent in the North East. Doctors warn the figures mean we may be headed for a recruitment crisis .
Ashley Doody, 30, allegedly stabbed her mixed-breed family dog Trixie with a kitchen knife on Sunday. Police believe she was high on bath salts which can cause paranoia, paranoia, hallucinations and suicidal behavior. She has been charged with aggravated cruelty to animals .
Marvin "Papi Gallo" Jones and Ramon Luis Nicolas were in the middle of a bout when the phone slipped out of Jones' shorts. Referee Frankie Santore Jr. went over to pick up the phone and looked like he was chastising Jones. Jones later said he was listening to music before the fight.
The researchers cut real skin samples and then attempted to rip them by pulling them apart. Using X-ray beams they were able to directly observe the microscopic changes that take place in skin. They discovered that the curly fibers of collagen that make up dermis of the skin straighten and stretch.
Jean-Marie Le Pen said he had 'never regretted' making similar statements in the past. His daughter Marine Le Pen immediately distanced herself from the comments saying she 'deeply disagrees' with her 'deliberately provocative' father. Mr Le Pen's daughter is now the leader of the National Front and has tried to steer it away from its anti-Semitic roots .
Misty Machinshok, 33, has been jailed for 15 to 30 years for the abuse of her 15-year-old daughter. She 'coached' the pair on the best positions to conceive, and held her daughter's hand 'the first few times' Her husband Gary, 29, will be sentenced later this month .
Emirates and Etihad planes came within 25 seconds of a mid-air collision over the Arabian Sea on Monday. Neither airline would say how close the two planes came to each other. Both airlines insist safety of their passengers was not compromised by the near-miss .
The 48-year-old tourist was stopped by police after she wrote her name and the date on the dome of the Florence Cathedral. It's the second time in four weeks that Italian police have charged a holidaymaker for defacing.
Grade II listed building was previously known as Bridewell Prison in Liverpool. It housed inmates for court appearances and short sentences. The prison was completely secure and a plaque reads: 'Please do not ask for bail because a refusal often offends'
Qantas warned back in February that it would begin strictly enforcing its business class lounge dress code from April 1. People wearing thongs are no longer allowed in the Qantas lounges around Australia. Singlets, bare feet, and rubber thongs 'in most cases' will be deemed unacceptable. Customers have taken to social media to complain .
Voters in Clacton, Heywood and Middleton, Newark, Rochester and Strood, and Wythenshawe and Sale East. Others accused politicians of 'fly-posting', while detectives were called when scraps broke out. Details released to Press Association under Freedom of Information Act.
A 38-year-old man stripped down to his underwear and jumped into Brush Creek in Kansas City, Missouri, after being stopped by police . Police say he spent 10-15 minutes swimming in chest-deep water and threatened firefighters with a log when they tried to pull him out. The suspect has been taken to an area hospital to be treated for injuries to his arm and leg  .
The Block's four apartments are now on the market with the auctions pencilled in for April 28. Before then the apartments will be open to the public on April 11-12, with thousands of people expected to turn up for a look. Teams will be hoping to do better than The Block Glasshouse duos, including Darren and Dea who pocketed just $10,000 for months of hard work .
Alex Stock was portrayed as callous social climber who discouraged rape victim from speaking out. Said magazine should be held accountable for not disciplining reporter who wrote the story. Rolling Stone will not take any action against reporter Sabrina Rubin Erdely, whose reporting was roundly discredited  .
Alfred Hitchcock was born in 1899 in Leytonstone, East London, the son of a wholesale grocer. His entire oeuvre was a study of voyeurism, violence and guilt with, on the one hand, the rape and murder of vulnerable women.
Nigerian-flagged Thunder was being tracked by activists from the charity Sea Shepherd . The vessel sank in perfect conditions, leading to suspicions that it had been deliberately scuttled. 40 crew members were rescued from the ocean after the vessel sank .
Over the past 10 years, the percentage of multi-millionaires globally has grown by 71 per cent, with an impressive 400 per cent rise coming from Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam. Hong Kong is home to the most millionaires, followed by New York City and London and Moscow. In the United States, Houston, Texas, is now home to 1,420 more millionaires than it was a decade ago, according to study.
Anthony Ray Hinton, 58, was released in the morning from the Jefferson County Jail in Birmingham. He hugged tearful family members as he walked out and was embraced by his sister, Darlene Gardner. Hinton says he should not have had to wait 30 years for investigators to test the gun that was seized from his home and determine he could not be linked to the crime  .
Adele Berry, 21, spoke to call handler when she contacted company over bill problem. But she was left shocked when man later got in touch with her, calling himself her 'future hubby' The man has now been suspended by Vodafone .
Abdel-Kader Russell-Boumzar was granted bail in Brisbane's Magistrate Court on Thursday after a 69 day stint behind bars. The 17-year-old was charged with numerous offences, including serious assault, creating a disturbance and racial vilification. He shot to notoriety last October when a video of him allegedly spitting on and racially abusing a train guard went viral. The teen must abide by strict bail conditions, including a curfew, a ban on entering train stations and no contact.
Sinbad the ginger tabby cat sneaked inside a shipping container in Egypt and made a bed in one of the boxes. The eight-month-old kitten was discovered by staff at Mediterranean Linens in Moreton-on-Lugg, Hereford. They heard meows coming from inside the container which was carrying laundry linen. The RSPCA was called out to investigate and found the exhausted and ravenous kitten  .
An Audience with Jimmy Savile will open in London in June, less than three years after abuse was exposed . Author Jonathan Maitland said people are 'ready' for the play to be shown less than 3 years after scandal was exposed. Critics slam subject choice as 'unbelievable' .
Gerry Anderson's son Jamie said CGI characters did not have the same charm as puppets. Thunderbirds will return to our screens tonight 50 years after the futuristic puppet show launched. The jerky puppets have been replaced by CGI images to create an entirely new look.
Clarkson punched producer Oisin Tymon in the mouth and verbally abused him for 20 minutes. Police had opened an investigation into the incident in Hawes, North Yorkshire last month.
Kevin Perz, 56, a father-of-four and business owner, has been looking up the teachers he has the fondest memories of from his days at Parkway Central High School in Chesterfield, Missouri. Over the past few years he has been mailing them a 'gift' It started in 1992, when he sent a check to his calculus teacher made out for $5,000. Then in 2002 he sent $10,000 to his former business teacher .
Dr Fredric Brandt was a dermatologist and cosmetic surgeon to the stars. He was found hanged in his Miami home two days after Daily Mail Online broke the news of his death. The 65-year-old had been left ‘devastated’ by recent rumors comparing him to the grotesque character of Dr Franff in Tina Fey’s Netflix show ‘Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt’. Now, seen here for the first time, Dr Brandt's High School photos provide a glimpse into his life before fame, fortune and fillers. They were taken in 1967 in New Jersey .
Rita, 24, has been unveiled as the face of Rimmel's latest beauty campaign . She showcases the brand's colourful new collection of eyeliners, lipsticks and nail varnishes   .
The 20-month-old boy had reportedly been choking and struggling to breathe. He was rushed to Coolah District Hospital by emergency services where he was pronounced dead. Police are treating the incident as suspicious and executed a crime scene warrant on Wednesday .
Robert Mccombs told a court in Grand Rapids, Michigan on Wednesday that Steven Carl Day admitted to him and his roommate Roger Musick that he molested a young relative and that he was molesting other young girls. 'My jaw just dropped that he would just admit it, blurt it out like that. I looked over at Roger and he was just as shocked as I was' Musick, 39, mouthed the words 'I want to kill him,' Mccomb told the court . The roommates put Day's dead body into the back of Mcc Bombs' van and headed north where they found a ridge to drop it.
Richard Curry was told he had malignant melanoma in his septum, the thin strip which separates the nostrils. 71-year-old had to have his nose removed to stop the cancer from spreading but could be fitted with a prosthetic to hold it in place .
‘Waterloo’ quickly entered the English language as a synonym for ‘a decisive defeat’. 2015 marks the 200th anniversary of the Battle of Waterloo in Belgium .
Sculpture was commissioned by UKTV to celebrate screening of third series of Sherlock. It took a crew of eight people 250 man hours to create and weighs 40kg. Some shoppers looked baffled while others burst into laughter .
David Cameron reiterates pledge to offer cut-price properties to 200,000 young first-time buyers. The project, launched last month, is part of a dramatic extension of the Help to Buy scheme. It doubles the number of new starter homes in England from 100,000.
Nicholas Figueroa, 23, and Moises Locon, 26, both died when the Manhattan apartment building collapsed last Thursday. Investigators have now shifted their focus to what caused the explosion. Suggestions someone may have improperly tapped a gas line serving one of the buildings. Investigation now underway into possible tapping.
Tanya Heath Paris features hundreds of heel varieties that slide and click into place. The shoes start from £260 and come in a variety of styles. A high heel (up to 3.5 inches) can be swapped for a lower heel (1.5)
Kentucky lost 71-64 to the University of Wisconsin Badgers in Saturday night's semi-final game in Indianapolis, Indiana. The loss ruined the Wildcats' undefeated season; they finished 38-1. Kentucky guard Andrew Harrison has since apologized for his comment. Wisconsin's Frank Kaminsky has brushed off the obsenity and racial slur that Harrison directed at him during a press conference .
Lance Corporal Albert Duffy had served three tours of war-ravaged Afghanistan. But he was attacked by drink and drug-crazed Keith Anderson at a bus stop in Hartlepool. The soldier was left with severe brain damage.
The body of Andrew Getty, naked from the waist down, was discovered in a bathroom at his gated, three-storey £2.6 million villa in the Hollywood Hills. He was an heir to the vast Getty oil fortune. Police say a woman called them to Andrew Getty’s home on Tuesday, saying he had suffered a heart attack.
Vijay Chokal-Ingam, 38, claims he changed his appearance to gain admission to St. Louis University School of Medicine in 1998. He shaved his head, trimmed his 'long Indian eyelashes' and joined the Organization of Black Students during the process. His sister Mindy Kaling, the star of The Mindy Project and Is Everyone Hanging Out Without Me?, has denied knowing anything about her brother's controversial choice to reveal he pretended to be an African American to get into medical school. His new book, Almost Black, will detail how he gained admission to medical school in 1998 by transforming his appearance. He says his sister has told him she is 'ashamed' of him for opening up about his alleged experience ahead of the release.
Arachnophobia is one of the most crippling of phobias and represents a finely tuned survival instinct. Could date back to early human evolution in Africa, where spiders with very strong venom existed millions of years ago.
Kyhesha-Lee Joughin died of massive bowel injuries after being struck days before her death. The three-year-old was in the care of her father Matthew Lee Williamson and his friend Christopher Arthur Neville Kent who have both been charged with manslaughter and child cruelty. Kent, 46, was granted bail in the Brisbane Magistrates Court on Wednesday after the court heard he'd offered to plead guilty on the basis of criminal negligence  .
Documents released by Edward Snowden claim Britain spied on Argentina between 2006 and 2011. The documents include allegations Britain implanted computer viruses and circulated false propaganda. There has been no official response from Britain or Argentina to the claims . The South American state still claims territorial rights to the islands from Spain  .
Almost a third of Britons are now preoccupied with whitening their teeth. Sales of tooth whitening products have risen 300 per cent since 1996 in America. In America, excessive bleaching has grown so commonplace dentists have coined a new word for it - ‘bleachorexia’.
Local Government Association warns they may not be able to create more places at the rate needed. Two in five local authorities will have more children ready to start school than there are places by September next year. Comes after head of Ofsted Sir Michael Wilshaw warned.
Hannah and Alex purchased a 1986 Hino flatbed truck and built a two-bedroom, wood and steel home in Nelson, New Zealand. The home is powered mostly by solar panels and water comes from a nearby spring .
Pregnant woman and her partner were stranded off the coast of Kent after trimaran overturned yesterday. Partner dived under capsized vessel to retrieve emergency flare to alert rescuers to their position. HM Customs cutter was on the water nearby and spotted flare.
The Ashton Canal in Manchester was filled with heavy suds which appeared after a fire at an industrial unit. It is believed that the water used by firefighters to dampen down the flames mixed with detergent being stored in the burning buildings. This then turned into a six foot wall of foam when it drained into the canal after the fire .
The freezer trawler with an international crew of 132 sank this morning in the freezing waters of the Sea of Okhotsk. 63 crew members of the Dalny Vostok were rescued with the sea's temperature near zero degrees Celsius (32 degrees Fahrenheit) .
Miliband claimed there were now 600 fewer GP surgeries open during evenings and weekends than before election. But critics were quick to point out that his figures were out of date and blamed Labour's GP contracts. Labour-supporting GP circulated letter claiming 'five years of flat-line funding' have 'crippled the NHS'
Andrew Mogni, 20, from Glen Ellyn, Illinois, had only just arrived for a semester program in Italy when the incident happened in January. He was flown back to Chicago via air ambulance on March 20, but he died Sunday.
Chelsea Ellen Bruck, 22, has not been seen since October 26, 2014. She was last seen at a Halloween party in Frenchtown Township, Michigan, attended by around 800 people. Police have interviewed multiple people and investigated hundreds of tips over the past six months. A new search was conducted on Sunday night focusing on an area near the Flat Rock Assembly Plant. The sheriff's office declined to discuss media reports that part of her costume was found.
Jodie Barden, 28, is mother to eight-year-old Ella and Chloe, one, who both suffer from Cockayne Syndrome. They have a life expectancy of just 12 years and don't live to see their teenage years. Mrs Barden has already made arrangements for both daughters' funerals with her husband Luke, 28.
A 10-year-old autistic boy was locked in a metal cage by his teachers at a Canberra school. The cage was specifically designed for him to as a 'withdrawal space' while in class. The principal has been removed from the school and two teachers with expertise in disability education have been assigned to the school .
Jamaica, Colombia and Saint Lucia have the highest percentage of female managers in the world. Britain ranked relatively poorly with 34.2% of managers being female. Pakistan was ranked as the worst country for having female managers, at a meagre 3%.
Chinese authorities will be in touch with unruly citizens when they return to China. Police, customs officers, border control and even bank credit agencies will be contacted. Hopes strict measures will encourage Chinese tourists from doing anything inappropriate or illegal while abroad  .
Denise and Glen Higgs, from Braunton, Devon, had all but lost hope after Glen was made infertile due to cancer treatment. But using his frozen sperm, doctors successfully created eight embryos through IVF fertility treatment. The couple had a daughter Mazy, born three years ago.
Hayley Adams, 29, was seen sneaking into William Tanner's bedroom and taking cash from his coat. CCTV device was put in room by his daughter Angela Wrenn, 56, after she became suspicious. Family suspected thousands of pounds were taken in one year, but exact amount unknown. Adams was convicted of three counts of theft and fined £175.
The former secretary of state's campaign-in-waiting has reportedly signed a lease for two floors of office space at 1 Pierrepont Plaza in Brooklyn, New York. Brooklyn Heights is among the most hipster-friendly neighborhoods in the Big Apple borough. Clinton chief of staff Huma Abedin has been spotted walking around the neighborhood and touring the building. The Federal Election Commission's rules require candidates to declare themselves publicly within 15 days of doing anything that's considered campaign activity.
A Europe-wide survey of 19,000 people revealed the more a country paid to the unemployed or sick the more likely its residents were to want a job. In Norway, which pays the highest benefits in Europe, almost 80% of people wanted a job . In Estonia, one of the least generous countries, only 40% did.
A student expelled from George Mason University for violating its sexual misconduct policy is suing in federal court to clear his name, arguing that an encounter with a girlfriend was sadomasochistic role playing, not sexual assault. The ex-student has sued under a pseudonym to protect his privacy. The university is demanding he identify himself publicly, despite arguments that doing so would expose the woman who says she was assaulted. The lawsuit comes as colleges across the country, and particularly in Virginia, are under increased scrutiny for how they respond to allegations.
The Most Rev Justin Welby said the victims were 'witnesses, unwilling, unjustly, wickedly, and they are martyrs in both senses of the word' Pope Francis made similar statements during Easter Sunday Mass at St Peter's Square in the Vatican. He also made a nod to the recent agreement between Iran and the international community over its nuclear power as a 'step toward peace'
Michelle Pfeiffer is set to star in a new television comedy about a morning news program produced by Katie Couric and Diane English, the creator of Murphy Brown. Couric will serve as an executive producer, drawing on her experience as an anchor on Today for 15 years. English was previously the brains behind Brown, the show starring Candice Bergen that centered around a female news anchor and ran for ten seasons, winning 18 Emmys. The ladies are currently in talks with HBO, Showtime, AMC, Netflix, Netflix and Amazon to pick up the program for the series .
The motoring programme's website previously featured the broadcasting trio alongside The Stig at the top of the page. But now the racing driver appears solo in his white helmet. BBC say masthead change is to 'simply reflect the fact that all three presenters are currently out of contract' Hammond and May also revealed they are selling off a dozen bikes .
Nicholas Figueroa's mother, Ana, was among more than 200 mourners to attend funeral for her son. Carrying a red rose and wearing a button featuring her son's image, she wept as she watched his casket being loaded into a hearse outside church. His father, Nixon, told mourners: 'I'm here but I'm broken. My son is broken... My wife is broken. It hurts... It's heartbreaking for everybody' The 23-year-old was on a second date at a sushi restaurant in Manhattan's East Village when he was killed.
Rama the elephant, who completed paintings with his trunk, died Monday, Oregon Zoo officials announced on Facebook. He was 31. His leg was injured after female elephants shoved him into a moat in 1990. Rama used his trunk to create paintings, which reportedly earned over $100,000 in sales. Animal rights activists have accused the zoo of making a grave error .
Both men were asked their opinion on the practice of sending sexy text messages in Cosmopolitan quiz. Green Party leader Natalie Bennett said sexting is 'OK for other adults but not for me' Nick Clegg said it is 'a bit too risky, thank you very much!' Ed Miliband said Prime Minister's Questions was 'a bad advert'
John Howard, 66, had sole access to Overseas Press and Media Association's account. Father-of-three enjoyed dining alone on several £300 meals a month and spent money on flowers. His fraud was only uncovered after the association had problems paying its creditors . He was jailed for two and a half years and mouthed 'I'm sorry' to a former colleague .
New York is in the throes of a cultural revolution - but MOMA is still brilliant. Reykjavik shows signs of recovery after economic meltdown in 2009. Pingvellir National Park sits atop the fault line that separates the American continent from the European one  .
Eighth grade teacher Tiffany Jackson was arrested for driving while her licence was suspended. Pupils at the Memphis school where she teaches were suspended after sharing the image online. Officials said the children had demonstrated an 'inappropriate use of electronic media'  .
'Ghosts' tend to be sighted in old buildings, which are often more likely to have damp and mould problems. Exposure to the mould can cause mood swings, irrational anger and cognitive impairment. No-one is exactly sure of the psychoactive effects of indoor moulds on the brain  .
Kristi Gordon, of British Columbia's news channel Global BC, was joined by her fellow anchors Robin Stickley and Squire Barnes as they reflected upon the degrading comments the mom has received about her second pregnancy on an episode of the online-only news segment News Hour Plus. She read some of the messages aloud before admitting that their cruel words had affected her.
The party will launch billboard advert using image from the famous 1979 'Labour Isn't Working' poster. But instead it will warn: 'The doctor can't see you now' New official figures show 600 fewer GP surgeries are now open in the evening and weekends compared to the last election   .
The driver of the car, a 16-year-old girl, was thrown from the vehicle after it veered off the road and landed upside down on top of her. She was trapped under the car for more than four hours but only suffered minor injuries. Two other passengers, aged 16 and 17, managed to climb up to the road an hour after the accident and were rescued .
Aaron Hernandez's lawyers called five witnesses to testify on Monday before resting at 3pm. Prosecution took two months and more than 100 pieces of evidence to accuse the former New England Patriots player of killing Odin Lloyd, who was shot six times in the chest and back on June 17, 2013. Hernandez has pleaded not guilty.
Sydney psychologist Darryl Dewar hugged his client, patted her head, directed her to sing and used offensive language during a consultation. The woman, who was having suicidal thoughts at the time, also claimed he called her 'a horny little thing' and asked her if her mother was a 'f---ing bitch' The Sydney doctor initially denied any of the events took place during his consultation, telling investigators that he had 'brain confusion'  .
Edmund Echukwu, 35, was pulled from the water at a James Bond-themed sex party in Radlett, Hertfordshire. Fellow revellers tried to revive him but he was pronounced dead at Watford General Hospital after emergency services were called.
American YouTube user KentuckyFriedIdiot filmed himself teaching his newborn daughter how to suck a plastic water bottle. Clip has been watched more than 190,000 times so far.
Tiffany Sical, 21, and boyfriend Bryan Rodriguez-Solis, 23, killed in crash in Providence, Rhode Island. Couple were driving along Route 6 on Sunday when Joel Norman, 24, allegedly crashed into their car. Norman allegedly entered exit ramp while under the influence and collided head-on with their car, killing them. Now, Norman, of Massachusetts, has been arrested and charged with two counts of driving under influence. Sical's six-year-old daughter, Jaylene Rodriguez, left orphaned, while boyfriend's father has been declared dead in hospital .
Dimitri Harrell, 21, allegedly pulled out his gun and pointed it at Samirria White, 19, at their St Paul, Minnesota, home on Easter morning. Carrying the couple's three-month-old child, he then shot her in the face at close range, according to police. Now, Harrell has been charged with one count of second-degree murder at Ramsey County District Court. The suspect, who had 'trust issues' with Miss White after having two children by another woman, remains in custody in lieu of $200,000 bail. If convicted, he faces 40 years.
No serious injuries were reported in the crashes on U.S. Highway 36 between Boulder and Denver, but tow-truck drivers were kept busy hauling away damaged cars. In Aurora, near Denver, one person died after being thrown from an Oldsmobile Bravada that lost control and rolled on an icy stretch of Interstate 225. Numerous crashes and spin outs on icy and snowy highways have closed portions of several interstates.
The official website of the Sydney Royal Easter Show lists the retail value of show bag contents. It reveals that at least one of the bags cost more than it would to buy the items outright. The Cowboy Bag includes a toy sheriff's hat, a vest and a red bandana, as well as a toy pump action shotgun and plastic pistols .
Ferme de Montagne proprietors ensure their staff spend a mandatory week working and gaining experience at The Dorchester in Mayfair. The French resort is located in the Portes du Soleil area which has 400 miles of groomed pistes and 14 ski stations.
Victoria's Secret caused huge backlash when it unveiled campaign slogan 'The Perfect Body' . New campaign from Curvy Kate recreates image using models of all shapes and sizes. Final ten contenders feature in powerful image.
Case Levi filmed the moment he tried to get his son Sam to eat a California roll with a $10 prize. He stipulated that there must be no 'gagging or making any faces'
AmberMarie Irving-Elkins was in the Stanley Mosk Courthouse in Los Angeles to pay a fine on Thursday morning when she felt contractions. She thought she had enough time to run some errands before heading to the hospital, but the little boy, Malachi, had other ideas. Clerks rushed to her side and alerted officers from the Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department who were inside the courthouse. The baby boy was healthy and was rushed to hospital .
The Illume ArcLighter creates a ‘super high-intensity’ electrical arc between two ceramic electrodes. This means there are no flare ups like with matches or conventional lighters that can easily burn fingers. It doesn’t need to be refilled with fuel but is instead powered by a rechargeable lithium ion battery. The device costs CAD$40 (£21 or US$32) via Kickstarter and is expected to ship in November and is rechargeable .
Three centres to open in Cardiff, London and Northumberland by 2017. Proton beam therapy aims radiation directly at the tumour, avoiding healthy tissue and organs. More than 150,000 people treated for cancer each year in the UK .
Germanwings flight 4U814 to Venice diverted to Stuttgart due to suspected oil leak. Passengers disembarked and waited inside terminal while ill passenger and flight attendant were checked over. Yesterday, another Germanwings plane was forced to make an unscheduled landing in Venice after passenger fell ill.
Pete Bennett appeared on the Jeremy Kyle show today to reveal that he is now homeless. The 33-year-old from Brighton's life went rapidly downhill after he finished first in the show .
Landon Carnie and his twin sister Lorie Carnie were initially thought to have died with scores of other youngsters when the first flight of Operation Babylift – an evacuation of Vietnamese orphans and children before the Fall of Saigon – crashed minutes after take-off. The terrified 17-month-old twins were found huddled together in a rice paddy more than a day after the crash and later taken to their adoptive parents in the U.S. who had earlier been told they were dead .
Phil Blackwood was sentenced to two-and-a-half years with hard labour by a Burmese court last month. He posted mocked-up image of Buddha wearing DJ headphones on Facebook to promote his bar. Human rights campaigners claim he has been 'abandoned' by the Foreign Office .
Obama said he expects a 'robust debate' on the deal in the United States. He said he will keep Congress apprised of the "substance of the deal" Many of Obama's Republican opponents in Congress have been skeptical of a deal with Iran .
David Cameron ate his hotdog with a knife and fork during a visit to a garden in Poole, Dorset. It seems likely he was trying to avoid a repeat of Ed Miliband's disastrous attempt at a bacon sandwich. Old Etonian insists he has never tried to hide his privileged upbringing.
Steven Mathieson, 38, stabbed prostitute Luciana Maurer dozens of times in frenzied and unprovoked attack. Father-of-two called two more vice girls over to his family home and raped them before raping them. His young son was asleep in the bedroom next door while he carried out the horrific crimes at Falkirk home.
Raymond Howell Jr.'s body was found near a culvert alongside a busy road in McKinney, Texas on Thursday morning. Friends say he died of a bullet wound. He was a freshman at McKinney Boyd High, but had recently asked for a transfer .
Ukip leader attacked high cost of health service treatment for foreigners with HIV in General Election debate. Ukip leader was accused of ‘dangerous scaremongering’ but latest official figures show more than half of those newly diagnosed with HIV were born overseas. Labour leader Ed Miliband branded the comments ‘disgusting’ and former England captain Gary Lineker wrote: ‘Farage is a d***!’.
Trevor Duffy, 19, of the Bronx, died in November after a night of heavy drinking at a party held by Zeta Beta Tau members at an off-campus home. The university's investigation concluded Duffy's death was the result of hazing.
The woman was carrying a rifle, two hand grenades and one pistol when she was shot dead. She was shot as she tried to attack Istanbul's police headquarters on Wednesday. It comes a day after Turkish prosecutor Mehmet Selim Kiraz, 46, died in hospital after he was taken hostage. He was shot in the head and chest by members of the Revolutionary People's Liberation Party-Front (DHKP-C) who stormed a courthouse and took him hostage.
Chastain and her boyfriend, Gian Luca Passi de Preposulo, recently purchased a $5.1 million apartment at The Osborne Apartments on West 57th Street in Manhattan. The apartment features four bedrooms and 3.5 bathrooms and is located near Central Park and Carnegie Hall. The building is allegedly haunted by the ghosts of opera singer Johanna Gadski and architect Alfredo Taylor as he takes the elevator and walks around hallways  .
Greg Gibbins, 28, went into cardiac arrest after he was seriously stabbed but later died in hospital. Emergency services found him and his friend with serious stab wounds at 12.10am on Easter Monday. The 28-year-old Wyong Roos rugby league player was treated at the scene by paramedics before he died. The friend remains in a serious condition in hospital .
Harrison Ford's character Dr Richard Kimble leaps from a prison transport moments before it is hit by a train. The scene cost an eye-watering $1.5million to shoot and used only minimal CGI. The bus and train have since become a popular tourist attraction in North Carolina.
Leila Alavi, 26, was found stabbed to death in her car in an underground car park in Sydney's west. She had taken out an apprehended violence order against her ex-husband Mokthar Hosseiniamraei. Her sister Mitra Alavi has revealed her sister was on a desperate mission to find a women's refuge. Ms Alavi's ex-partner was charged with murder and breaching an AVO.
The noose was found about 2am Wednesday in the plaza outside the Bryan Center, the student commons building. The noose is a particularly sensitive image in the state, where black residents were once terrorized by lynchings, once used to terrorize.
Officers in Paramus, Bergen County, New Jersey, responded to an animal that was headbutting a door. The goat was captured in the middle of a roadway by three policemen around 5pm.
Susan House, 55, was out walking her dogs at the time of the explosion in Theddlethorpe, Lincolnshire. Fire crews were called after a tremendous blast was heard, blowing the back wall and windows out. The explosion originated in the kitchen, prompting the emergency services to believe that it was caused by a gas leak because of the tank.
Kinessa Johnson from Yelm, Washington State, works for the Veterans Empowered to Protect African Wildlife. The organisation was founded by an ex-Marine and is made up of former soldiers. She joined the group last November after a four-year stint in the services  .
Periscope, Twitter's new iPhone app which allows users to broadcast live video and audio, launched a week ago today. Early adapters have already discovered potentially hair-raising issues with the much talked-about technology, which claims on its website that it is 'the closest thing to teleportation' . App developer Justin Esgar is warning parents about the app's various 'land mines' and insists that they need to monitor their child's use of it to ensure they are not opening themselves up to abuse.
Programmer created stunning graphs to reveal dominant colour of artworks through history. Orange has always been the most popular colour - although in recent years blue has been catching up. Software extracts colour information from online images.
Longwood University freshman Anjelica 'AJ' Hadsell, 18, was last seen driving near her parents' home in Norfolk, Virginia, on March 2. Police are searching a pond near Carrsville for her cell phone, which sent strange text messages to her mother shortly after her disappearance. Her stepfather Wesley Hadsell was taken into custody late last month amid claims that he knows who has taken his daughter. Police have not ruled out foul play .
Scientists hope that immunisation is possible with just one injection after 'highly promising results' The vaccine is based on an animal virus called vesicular stomatitis virus (VSV) that is combined with a portion of the protein covering of the Ebola virus  .
The Queen and senior members of the Royal Family will attend the Westminster Abbey service of thanksgiving. Chain of beacons will be lit across the country, Spitfire and Lancaster bomber planes will take to the skies and a star-studded concert held.
The rapper, whose real name is Robert Van Winkle, appeared. in Palm Beach County Court on Thursday. He agreed to perform 100 hours of community service and pay $1,333 to the. estate of a neighbor in Lantana for allegedly stealing furniture. and pool equipment from the $1million home, according to the pre-trial deal.
David Hyche, now a special agent at the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms (ATF), developed the technology nine years ago when his four-month-old daughter turned blind.
Lib Dem leader says idea of more than two parties forming a government is not 'going to work' He said it would be a 'messy' way to run the country and risked instability with the future of government in peril. Pollster YouGov predicts a badly hung Parliament on May 7 .
Colin Barnett made the comments at the launch of a new blueprint for marine science in Western Australia. Search parties have not been successful in recovering MH370 since it disappeared on March 8 last year. This comes as the wife of an Australian passenger on MH370 spoke of her heartache, revealing she is yet to tell her children why their father.
Indonesian officials probing labor abuses told the migrant workers today they were allowing them to leave for another island by boat out of concern for their safety. More than 300 fishermen emerged from nearby trawlers, villages and even the jungle to make the trip. They had been kept like slaves at the Pusaka Benjina Resources fishing company compound. They were finally being rescued by the Indonesian Fisheries Ministry .
Labour’s shadow chancellor looked down at his feet and laughed nervously before answering correctly. He was asked to work out the multiplication at the Q&A after he revealed he still relies on his mother-in-law for help with maths .
Colin Turnbull, 69, was found in a 'compromised position' with Rozina Khanim by a governor at Priory School in Birmingham. The pair were engaged in a sex act in a classroom during entrance exam day at £13,000-a-year school. School confirmed senior staff had told him to 'never return'
Shigella infections, otherwise known as 'Delhi Belly' or 'Montezuma's revenge' were traced to people who had recently traveled to the Dominican Republic, India or other countries. Outbreaks of the Shigella bacteria are not unusual, but this strain is resistant to the antibiotic most commonly prescribed for adults. Symptoms include diarrhea, stomach cramps.
The echidna was spotted paddling out to sea off Rye Beach, a popular surfing and fishing spot on Victoria's Mornington Peninsula. Echidnas, like many native Australian animals, are actually 'proficient' swimmers - though they prefer fresh water.
Transport for London rules mean refugees and those applying for asylum do not have to reveal criminal history. Everyone else who applies for a cab licence must undergo criminal records checks. Campaigners call for all minicab drivers to undergo checks.
The letters were expected to bring in anywhere from $300,000 to $600,000, but received no bids at a Sotheby's auction Wednesday. The current owner of the signage is Yankee Hall of Famer Reggie Jackson, who purchased the 10-feet-tall letters for an undisclosed amount after the stadium closed in 2008.
Part-time actor, 58, was flying from Newcastle Airport to Gatwick on EasyJet flight. He had six £1.80 tubs of pease pudding and several Greggs pies in his hand luggage for the journey. He was allowed through with his snacks and warned .
Prime Minister's wife swooped into Rochester and Strood, seat held by Mark Reckless. David Cameron has made no secret of his desire to kick Mr Reckless's 'fat arse' out of the Commons. Mrs Cameron joined Tory candidate Kelly Tolhurst for a visit to special school.
Naughty Boy - real name Shahid Khan - has been working on Zayn's solo music. Posted clip of I Won't Mind clip on SoundCloud, but has since taken it down . Tweeted a cryptic reference to Zayn and Naughty Boy's song 'Zaughty Will Rise'
The Scandfit Try Size has been dubbed ‘the boob-job bra’ and costs £150. It comes with four pairs of inserts which can be layered to create different sizes of cleavage. Annabel Cole, a size 34B, has long dreamed of having a bigger bust but would never have surgery. She decided to put the bra through its paces in three variations .
The toothfish poaching vessel Thunder issued a distressing signal, claiming that the ship was sinking on Monday. 35 crew members, who abandoned the sinking ship, were safely rescued after being held in life rafts .
Barronelle Stutzman, 70, of Richland, Washington, was fined $1,000 in March after refusing to serve same-sex couple Robert Ingersoll and Curt Freed with flowers for their 2013 wedding. The devout Southern Baptist said her 'relationship with Jesus Christ' wouldn't allow her to do the ceremony. A judge ruled in February that her refusal to provide flowers violated Washington's anti-discrimination and consumer protection laws. An online campaign has raised over $87,000 for her.
Becky Watts, 16, went missing from her Bristol home in February and her body parts were found 11 days later. An inquest into her death has been opened and adjourned while criminal proceedings take place. Nathan Matthews, 28, faces a single count of murdering his step-sister while his girlfriend Shauna Hoare, 21, is accused of perverting justice.
The religion's share of the world’s population will equal the Christian share - at roughly 32 per cent each - in 2070. The number of Muslims will increase at more than double the rate of world's population, which is expected to rise by 35 per cent. Several countries are also projected to have a different religious majority by 2050 .
General merchandise sales up 0.7 per cent - the first rise after 14 consecutive quarters of losses. Belinda Earl parachuted in as style director in September 2012 to try to turn around M&S's slump. She is also behind the £199 suede skirt worn by Alexa Chung and Olivia Palermo. Sales boosted by celebrity underwear ranges by Rosie Huntington-Whiteley and David Gandy . M &S also saw a 13 per cent rise in online sales - after a year of struggles for its new website which cost millions to build .
Yahya Rashid, 19, of Willesden, north west London, is due to appear at Westminster Magistrates' Court today. He was arrested as he entered the UK having landed from Istanbul.
Earth is constantly oscillating and creating a hum that has been likened to the ring of a bell. Earthquakes shake the planet in such a way that Earth can oscillate for months after a seismic event. This oscillation is caused by vibrations and can drop as low as an E flat, 20 octaves below middle C.
Rachmaninov's Piano Concerto No. 2, Elgar's Enigma Variations and Beethoven's Symphony No. 5 complete the top five. It topped the poll last year as well .
Benito Gonzalez Jr., 46, was suspended from duty in May 2014 after being arrested for allegedly exposing his genitals and touching himself inappropriately while seated at a table in a Cherry Hill Starbucks. The father-of-three was found guilty of the offense last month and is currently suspended without pay. Gonzalez claims the incident is the culmination of a three-year downward spiral following a traumatic experience .
Bryan Santana, 20, of Orlando, Florida, was found guilty of first-degree murder of Shelby Fazio, 23, on Thursday. He was sentenced to two life terms in prison for the murder and attempted murder of his second roommate. The pizza delivery driver strangled the young woman to death and raped her corpse in October last year. He then killed her dog and wrote messages in its blood on the wall, including: 'I'm not sorry for what I did' . The jury took just two hours to deliberate on Thursday, and the victim's family said they will 'never escape' the death of their friend  .
Simon Mitchell, 44, stole from Donna's Dream House, a charity for terminally ill children. He pleaded guilty to two counts of theft at Preston Crown Court after a three-year investigation. The charity say he repeatedly let them down and left them picking up the pieces when meetings with his supposed star-studded contacts.
Shaquille Omar Hallisey's attack in Cardiff described by judge as 'savage demonstration of violence in a public place' The 20-year-old's victim Matthew Leeke, 38, had been out with friends and was making his way home alone. He was left with a fractured skull after the assault.
Beck Schoenig of St. Louis, Missouri was shocked when she realized her brand new 2015 Ford Fusion had been stolen from her driveway on Monday night, just a little over a month after she took the car home. Then, on April 1, she was shocked to learn that police had found her car after receiving a tip from a man who recognized the vehicle as her and would be returning it to her with a few minor changes.
Janet Muller's body was found in the boot of a burning car in Ifield, West Sussex, on March 13. The 21-year-old was last seen walking in a subway in Portslade, East Sussex, at 10.30pm on March 12. Her family paid tribute to her 'inspirational, passionate and caring person' Christopher Jeffrey-Shaw has been charged with murder.
Steven Howie, 28, left his girlfriend Karen Murray, 31, with 18 separate injuries after assault. He punched, kicked and kneed her during a prolonged assault at a lonely inn in the Campsie Fells. The couple were due to attend Hogmanay celebrations at Stirling.
Pope Francis urged the international community not to 'look the other way' during his Easter Monday address. He asked for 'tangible help' from communities all over the world for Christians persecuted because of their faith. The Pope has been increasingly vocal about the fate of Christians being targeted by extremists.
Successful applicant will have to travel to various Royal residences for three months of the year. They must also order in 'the freshest seasonal ingredients' from Balmoral's kitchen garden. The job pays around £28,000-a-year - but there is accommodation available ‘for which there is a salary'
Kevin Franklin married his new wife in the Italian Alps while his 80-year-old victim was forced to borrow money from his children because he could not afford any milk. The 58- year-old siphoned off the £400,001 fortune over an eight-year period. He was jailed for four-and-a-half years at Warwick Crown Court after admitting fraud and deception  .
Jack Rivera, a New York trucker, captured the collision on his dashcam as he drove along the Interstate 35E in Texas. Footage shows the driver of a black SUV, identified as 49-year-old Laura Michelle Mayeaux, coming off at the 397 exit and veering over to the wrong.
Hayleigh Mcbay, 17, pretended to dump David Clarke via WhatsApp at midnight for a joke. But the girl from Elgin in Moray, Scotland, was given a taste of her own medicine when he pretended that he also wanted to break up with her  .
The wraps came off the prototype of the new 10th generation car at the New York International motor show. Swindon in Wiltshire will become the global production hub for the next generation five door Civic, supported by a new £200million.
Not all monozygotic twins (i.e. twins born from a single fertilised egg) are truly identical. Some are ‘mirror image’ twins. This means that in one twin the hair might swirl clockwise, in the other.
Undercover reporter met David Light, account director at The Data Partnership. Company has 60-seater call centre in the Philippines and calls hundreds of thousands in Britain every month. They start with 'soft' questions that seem harmless before going into ones about personal finances. Mr Light said any answers given before call ended were taken as confirmation caller was happy to be on list.
Eight-strong team of artists painted 30 phonebooths in Beijing in five hours overnight. Called project 'Beijing Warmth', they wanted to raise a smile with stressed-out Beijing residents. Artist Xiao Wang said he had witnessed three people take their own lives in one month.
Helaman Barlow was chief of the bordering towns of Colorado City, Arizona, and Hildale, Utah. He said he acted on the orders of the church's leader, Warren Jeffs, out of fear of losing his family. Barlow said he lived in fear that Jeffs and other leaders would take his wife and children away from him if he didn't act as they wanted. His account comes amid reports that some former adherents are turning their backs on the church.
Theodosia Aresti, 71, moved into a new-build flat five years ago and thought she had found her dream home. But a blocked pipe unleashed a 'tsunami of sewage' from other flats into her flat. The pensioner was left devastated and is now desperate to find a new home.
Olly Taylor, 27, is offering his version of the Easter Feast at his Black Milk cafe in Manchester's Northern Quarter. The breakfast includes two types of cereal served in half an Easter egg, with brownies, marshmallows and mini eggs .
Flight EI 660 left Dublin at 8.30am and was forced to land back at the same airport at 9.20am. The aircraft is undergoing an inspection to determine the cause of the problem. All passengers were accommodated on alternative aircraft and continued journey.
150 art fans have taken part in the National Gallery of Australia's first ever naked art tour. The tour is an adult-only after-hours viewing experience of the exhibition 'James Turrell: A Retrospective' Tour guide Stuart Ringholt said the experience creates an 'educational state' The tour ran for an hour after the NGA was closed on Wednesday.
A blue and yellow bathing box on Brighton beach in Melbourne has sold for a staggering $276,000. The winning bidder paid $150,000 over the original asking price for the slice of postcard history. A mechanic’s garage in Paddington Sydney has been sold for $1.2 million so it can be converted into a home. A couple have put the Old Kilmore Gaol in Victoria up for sell for $2 million .
High Court threw out rules introduced to stop violent prisoners being transferred out of high-security jails. Policy brought in after fugitive armed robber Michael Wheatley walked out of open jail in May. Wheatley had previously been handed 13 life sentences at the Old Bailey in 2002.
Bloomberg, 73, has been elected to the top Big Apple job three times in a row. He has significant business interests in London and owns a $30million mansion in the city. Has said he thinks of London as his 'second home' and has backing of Conservative Party officials.
Sickly sweet dessert is on sale at The Wicked Waffle in North End, Portsmouth, for £25. Customers who can clear their plate within 45 minutes, with no toilet breaks, are awarded the meal for free and a winners' T-shirt.
Nearly 3,400 miles were covered with 99 percent of the drive in fully automated mode. Team collected nearly three terabytes of data, about 30 percent of all of the printed material in the Library of Congress in the US .
Jason Cotterill, 42, plagued his victim with abusive messages over the internet after she tried to end relationship. A court heard he also emailed the woman a link to an online sex video she was in - and threatened to post it on her Facebook page. He knew his victim from childhood and knew she had been previously involved in making sex tapes. He was jailed for 12 weeks and banned from contacting her.
Kathleen Blomberg, a resident at the heavily damaged 125 Second Ave., which is still under a full-vacate order, has been reunited with her two cats, Kitty Cordelia and Sebastian. The American Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals found the traumatized animals under her bed and said it took about an hour to coax them out. Two people died and 22 were injured in last week's explosion.
The disabled cat, called Freeman, was sitting in its front garden when the two dogs pounced. The two dogs dragged the terrified cat on to its neighbour's lawn before tearing into the family pet. Police are now investigating .
Remington 'Remi' Walden, four, was killed three years ago when his family's Jeep Grand Cherokee exploded when it was rear-ended. Jurors in Decatur County, Georgia ruled on Thursday that the SUV manufacturer, Chrysler, acted with reckless disregard for human life in selling the family a 1999 Jeep with a gas tank mounted behind the rear axle. The tanks have little structure to protect them if struck from behind, making them susceptible.
Cheryl Howe, 32, was diagnosed with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) at the age of 12. Suffers from excessive hair growth on her face, breasts, stomach and legs. Has been fighting for six years for treatment on the NHS, spending £2,000 a year on raz.
Edward Nudel, 41, of Staten Island broke into his relative's home on March 11 and strangled a 2-year-old Pomeranian named Lola 'in an especially depraved and sadistic manner' Police were called and arrived to find him sleeping in his bed with Lola lying motionless on the floor nearby with her tongue out.
Dr Joe Hanson has calculated what the human body is in terms of chemical elements. A 'human molecule' might contain 375 million atoms of hydrogen, 132 million of oxygen and 85 million of carbon. By comparison, this human molecule contains just one atom of cobalt and three molecules of the metal molybdenum. according to Dr Hanson.
Theresa May said police will have to record Islamophobic attacks as a separate category. It will create the first accurate picture of the extent of Islamophobic hate crimes in Britain. The Home Office does not publish national statistics for Islamophobic offences  .
A Twitter account claiming to be linked with anti-Islam groups has mocked protests around Australia. It was originally thought Reclaim Australia had handed over the reigns to one of their supporters to control their feed. However, 'Jeremy' began to tweet a number of joke comments shortly after Sydney protest got underway. Organisers behind the Sydney protest were quick to disassociate themselves with the account, saying 'It's not us'
Catherine Nevin was allowed out on day release from Mountjoy prison on Wednesday afternoon. The 62-year-old was permitted to attend an addiction studies course in the city's Inchicore suburb. She was jailed for life in April 2000 for arranging to have her husband shot dead.
HomeCamp, which launched in January, has been attracting both backpackers and locals who are looking for cheap and fast accommodation. There are currently more than 50 Australian homeowners using the website and that number continues to grow, according to founder David Abitbol.
Nicola Sturgeon's style on Thursday night was deliberately calm, natural and direct. Britain-wide TV audience was clearly impressed. Judy Murray said: ‘GSM Sturgeon’ (Game, Set and Match) Leader: For most people outside Scotland, this will have been their first proper view of her.
Kenneth Lombardi, who goes by Ken, was a red carpet regular for CBS New York, interviewing stars from Oprah to Ashton Kutcher and Arnold Schwarzenegger. He is suing CBS, Duane Tollison and Albert Colley for violation of labor laws, infliction of emotional distress and discrimination. Lombardi says he was forced to quit his job in November and relocate to Los Angeles after two alleged sexual harassment incidents involving two separate male bosses. The first alleged encounter occurred at a CBS Christmas party in December 2013 and the other in May 2014. He says he reported both incidents to HR, but that they went 'nowhere'
Daniel Buccheri composed the tune to the popular music from artists such as Sam Smith and the Backstreet Boys. He toasted his brother Adrian and his new wife Sarah at their March 29 wedding in Melbourne using his voice. The unique speech performed by Daniel at Poet's Lane in Sherbrooke has been viewed over 100,000.
The Southern Poverty Law Center in February filed a lawsuit against Georgia Department of Corrections officials on behalf of Ashley Diamond, a transgender woman. The lawsuit says prison officials have failed to provide adequate treatment for Diamond's gender dysphoria, a condition that causes extreme distress.
Olsi Beheluli was a member of a gang responsible for selling 'significant quantities' of class A drugs. The 24-year-old enjoyed living the 'high life' and gambling with the money he made, police said. Officers seized more than £4million worth of heroin and cocaine when they raided gang's 'stash house'  .
Labour leader's looks proved a hit with Twitter users during last night's debate. Fans took to Twitter to coo adoringly about his 'sexy grey tie' and smouldering looks. One fan even likened Miliband to Hansel from Zoolander .
One of Australia's most loved cooks, Lyndey Milan, has teamed up with Aldi to create Easter lunch recipes. The home cook icon put her skills to the test by trawling the supermarket aisles to find healthy, fresh produce. The results of her Aldi experiment include Greek lamb with salad and zucchini pilaf  .
Carla Zampatti's SS15-16 collection made a splash at Sydney's Opera House today. The collection was a nod to the excessive glamour of the Eighties. Stars including Delta Goodrem, Shanina Shaik and Terry Biviano attended.
Australian choreographer Wade Robson and another of Jackson's alleged child victims, James Safechuck, are expected to find out on Tuesday if they will be allowed to sue for a slice of the late King Of Pop's $1.5 billion estate. Robson was once the singer's staunchest defender, but now claims Jackson was a predator who repeatedly sexually abused him as a child. He now says he 'lived in silence and denial for 22 years' and alleges he was seven years old when Jackson first molested him. The estate has previously asked the court to reject the claims on the basis that Robson waited too long to file and because Jackson is the only other person with knowledge about the accusations and has been dead for more than five years.
The collection, which was created by legendary make-up effects artist Rick Baker, will be auctioned off at the Hilton Universal City in Los Angeles, California, and on PropStore.com this May 29. The collection is worth an estimated $746,100 and some of the individual items are expected to fetch more than $40,000 .
Barcelona beat Paris Saint-Germain 2-0 in Champions League clash at the Nou Camp. Neymar scored twice as the La Liga giants cruised through to the next round. Gerard Pique and Gerard Mascherano had little to do as Barcelona eased through to next round .
National Union of Teachers (NUT) wants 45-minute lessons followed by 15-minute play time after lessons. They want the UK to follow the lead of countries such as Finland which has 15 minute play time. Resolution due to be put forward.
Jayden Wingler of Phoenix, Arizona, was interviewed by Fox News earlier this week about a theme park accident which left him with severe burns on his legs. While on camera, the youngster eloquently recalled what happened with arm actions and wide-eyed facial expressions to match his emotions while waving his hands in the air.
Tyler Kost, who appeared in court on Monday, was arrested last May for sexual crimes against 13 girls between 13 and 17 years old, most of whom were former classmates at Poston Butte High School. The Pinal County Attorney's Office says Kost faces 30 charges in three indictments ranging from sexual abuse to child molestation. The prosecution handed over 98,000 pages of social media records from several of the alleged victims, but defense wants more.
Jamal al-Labani was an Oakland gas station owner, his cousin Mohammed Alazzani told KPIX-TV. He was in Yemen visiting his pregnant wife and the couple's two-and-a-half-year-old daughter when he was killed in a mortar attack on Tuesday. He wanted to take his family to Oakland, but the US has withdrawn its diplomatic staff and the country has shut down most airports. The State Department said there are no plans for a U.S. government-coordinated evacuation at this time.
Al Roker, Natalie Morales and Willie Geist went head to head with Savannah Guthrie and Carson Daly during the Today show's first ever lip sync battle, which was judged by TV star and model Chrissy Teigen. The two teams were judged by a live audience outside the studio .
Authorities suspect an arsonist is to blame for the March 26 fire that left seven alligators and a crocodile 'boiled to death' at the Garold Wayne Interactive Zoological Park in Oklahoma. The fire was set in the early morning hours that March day and Joe Schreibvogel said not only did the alleged criminal set the fire, but also stole equipment.
BBC One's The Billion Dollar Chicken Shop showed the inner workings of the fast food giant. Viewers unleashed a barrage of negative comments on Twitter after last night's episode of the series . KFC has a global turnover of 23 billion dollars a year  .
David Cameron will say high taxes and wasteful government spending are 'immoral' as 14 million working households receive a tax cut. Prime Minister will set out the Conservative case for people keeping more of their own money. He will make a bold argument for continued lower taxes, with less spent on 'bureaucracy' and 'crackpot'
Faris Al-Khori, 62, had dozens of chemicals, poisonous materials, bolts and notes on how to make a bomb. The equipment was found purely by chance in April last year after a fire at a block of flats in Edinburgh. Police and army Explosive Ordnance Device experts were called in to test the substances. The former Syrian doctor pleaded guilty to a breach of the 1883 Explosive Substances Act.
Argentina claims companies active there are acting 'illegally' in Argentine territory. Comes after Britain struck oil in the Falklands this week in a remote field of the islands. Discovery could be worth billions of pounds and increase fears of renewed conflict. Argentina invaded the islands in 1982, leading to conflict that cost 260 lives.
Lord & Taylor partnered with 50 of the most influential fashion bloggers and got each to post a photo of them wearing the same dress. The move proved an instant success as the $88 Paisley Asymmetrical Dress sold out almost immediately and created an online buzz for the range.
Former Great British Bake Off contestant, Iain Watters, is back to revive Easter classic, the Simnel cake. Packed with moist fruit and marzipan, the cake has been enjoyed since the Medieval times during Easter.   .
Ile Louët is perched in the midst of Morlaix Bay in Brittany, France, and is the perfect secluded retreat for explorers. The lighthouse was used manually from 1857 to the 1960s and was inhabited by the families of the lighthouse keepers until 2004  .
Latoya Tilson, 33, allegedly fired several shots into crowd outside apartment complex in College Park, Georgia. One bullet struck 17-year-old boy in buttocks, but another hit her son, Pierre, in the head. Pierre had apparently been trying to protect his sister, 13, from the other boy when situation escalated. He was rushed to Grady Memorial Hospital with gunshot wound to the back of his head. He remained in intensive care for two days, but died Monday.
Gaby Tillero and Greg Ensslen bought the two-story 1840s Creole home from the Central City neighborhood after a church said they wanted to demolish it and expand their parking lot. The couple dismantled the home, moved it to the Freret neighborhood of the city and renovated the home while respecting the floor plan and using salvaged materials to decorate it.
Rutgers University has banned fraternity and sorority house parties at its main campus for the rest of the spring semester. The ban comes after several alcohol-related problems this school year, including the death of a student. Last month, a fraternity was shut down because of an underage drinking incident. In September, a 19-year-old student, Caitlyn Kovacs, died of alcohol poisoning after attending a party.
A new survey by Ripley's Believe It or Not! has revealed the celebrities we would most like to have as family members. David Beckham and Holly Willoughby voted the best dad and mum. Ed Sheeran and Channing Tatum voted as the best men we would like as brothers.
Poland is erecting watchtowers along the border to Russian exclave of Kaliningrad. It comes amid heightened tensions between Russia and Poland over Ukraine conflict. Moscow recently announced plans to place state-of-the-art Iskander missiles.
The strange formation was photographed by amateur astronomer Gordon Ewen in Letchworth, Hertfordshire. The phenomenon is fairly common and the number of spots on the solar surface reflects with how active the sun is. They occur when a concentration of magnetic fields causes the surface temperature to reduce, making a specific section of the sun stand out from its surroundings.
Pham Quang Lanh, 28, had a metal plate inserted over his skull after being struck by an iron bar. But the botched operation caused his head to become swollen with a potentially deadly infection. Family noticed a dozen maggots crawling under the skin.
Kim Ki-jong, 55, was also indicted Wednesday on charges of assaulting a foreign envoy and obstruction. Mark Lippert required 80 stitches to close up the wounds on his hand, arm and face that he sustained from the anti-US activist. He suffered deep gashes on his face and arm and was treated at a Seoul hospital for five days. Police say Kim chose the victim to highlight his opposition to ongoing U.S.-South Korean military drills .
Vatican medics told Francis to cut pasta intake to two servings a week and take a daily walk. They are concerned about the sedentary lifestyle of the 78-year-old Catholic leader, who spends much of his time at work .
Hugh Roche Kelly was flying from Berlin to Paris yesterday morning on Germanwings flight. He posted on his Twitter account how the pilot managed to dispel the 'tense vibe' by his actions. Mr Kelly's post said: 'There was a tense vibe - the crew were on edge and some passengers were definitely more nervous than normal' . WARNING: GRAPH.
Thiago Alcantara opened the scoring for Bayern Munich on 14 minutes with a header. Jerome Boateng doubled the home side's advantage before Robert Lewandowski scored a hat-trick to make it 3-1. Thomas Muller made it 4-0 with 10 minutes of the first half still remaining as Bayern raced away. Lewandowski made it 5-0 at half-time as the Poland striker netted his second before Xabi Alonso completed the rout. Martinez replied for Porto but the goal was just a consolation as the Portuguese giants failed .
Louis Jordan, 37, was rescued 200 miles off the North Carolina coast on Thursday. He said he survived for more than two months on his stricken boat by eating fish he caught by trailing dirty clothes in the ocean and by catching rainwater in a bucket. But doubters have questioned how Jordan – who declined medical help despite claiming to have broken a shoulder and who appears well-fed - survived .
Lionsgate has partnered with Dubai Parks and Resorts to bring a Lionsgate zone to motiongate Dubai. The Hollywood-themed theme park is set to open in October 2016. The Wizarding World of Harry Potter theme park opened at Universal Studios in 2010.
Molly Wood, 74, died after the burgundy Kia Venga had its engine running and 'lurched forward' Pensioner's sister, 70, who was about to buy a pay and display ticket, was also injured in the incident in West Yorkshire.
Andy Jordan has launched his very own line of surf-inspired city wear called Jam Industries. He stars in a campaign shot on West Wittering Beach, the closest surf school to London. The reality TV star also co-owns a surf school in Devon .
Andy Murray attended Barcelona's Champions League quarter-final second leg clash against PSG. British No 1 watched Lionel Messi and Co defeat PSG with best man Ross Hutchins. Murray is currently in Barcelona as he trains on clay courts with Jonas Bjorkman.
Gary Kroeger said he will run in the 2016 Democratic primary for Iowa's 1st District. The 57-year-old Iowa native says he wants to focus on progressive policies, such as investing in education and protecting the environment. Kroeger appeared on Saturday Night Live from 1982 through 1985, and is perhaps best known for Donny.
Rachel Jaajaa, 22, and Aaron Tate, 29, have been charged with child endangering after their three-month-old daughter was found alone at a McDonald's in Elyria, Ohio. They were both arrested Monday after a patron called 911 after seeing the baby left alone. Police say they couldn't agree who would take care of the baby .
The Sokaze-ki Q fan uses fluid dynamics to take air in at the rear of the 10-inch (25cm) device. It is then moved using so-called impellers through specially designed channels before blasting it from the front via a turbofan. Alternatively, the Q has a '1/f fluctuation' function that sends 'natural, fluctuating wind' that mimics breeze.
Department of Public Safety trooper Billy Spears posed for the photo with Snoop Dogg at South by Southwest. Spears' bosses called Snoop a figure who has a 'criminal background including numerous drug charges' Spears was told he has 'deficiencies indicating need for counseling'  .
Jamie Silvonek, 14, and Army Spc Caleb Barnes, 20, have been charged with homicide and criminal conspiracy in the death of her mother, 54-year-old Cheryl Silv onek. Cheryl was stabbed to death in the neck in March after trying to break up with her daughter and her boyfriend, who was on leave from Fort Meade in Maryland at the time of the slaying. The couple met in October, when Jamie was 13 and Barnes was 20. Jamie SilvOnek's attorney said Thursday his client was under duress or coercion, and claimed she was afraid for her life  .
Yemeni rebels have seized President Abedrabbo Mansour Hadi's palace in Aden. Al-Qaeda militants freed hundreds of inmates in a jailbreak in southeast Yemen. Two guards and five inmates were killed in clashes, an official said. Rebels have seized swathes of the country.
John Terry led Chelsea to a 0-0 draw against Arsenal at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday. Jamie Carragher believes Terry is the best defender to have played in the Premier League. Chelsea need just six points from five games to claim their first title since 2010 .
Stuart, 33, claimed his STD was the result of car exhaust rather than cheating. Ex-girlfriend Sophie was outraged when she found out she also had the STD. Stuart burst onto stage to deny using the excuse but host Jeremy Kyle quickly found out his lies.
Neil Bantleman, who also holds British nationality, was afforded one final kiss from his wife before being led away by police. Sentence sparked outrage from his supporters, including the school itself and the international community. Also standing trial for abusing the children is Ferdinand Tjiong, an Indonesian teaching assistant at the school  .
Jayla Currie from Berne, Indiana, is a part of the Wee Ones Nursery program at the Indiana Women’s Prison, a system that allows incarcerated mothers to share rooms with their babies while they serve out their sentences. The 23-year-old mother-of-one has already served three months of her reduced 10-month sentence for meth manufacturing and possession   .
Jasmine Midgley was born with a birthmark but doctors told her parents it was nothing to worry about. Within weeks it had started growing into her throat, almost closing her airways. Doctors diagnosed a rare condition called a subglottic hemang.
Chancellor said he wanted a 1980s-style property 'revolution' after years of declining home ownership. Since 2010 there have been 1.2 million first-time purchases and he wants at least 2.4 million more over the next five years .
Amanda Knox and Raffaele Sollecito served four years for the 2007 murder of Meredith Kercher. They were freed on appeal in 2011 and Knox immediately returned to the US. Last year an appeal court overturned their acquittal finding the pair guilty of the murder again .
The beachfront homes are the latest in the so-called Millionaires' Row in Poole, Dorset, to go on the market. They are virtually identical in every way, boasting an indoor swimming pool, four storeys and stunning sea views. The homes have been built on a 3,000sqm plot, which was previously occupied by a four-bedroom house. Agent said more developers are building multiple homes on a single plot to get better value.
Eva Pusztai-Fahidi, 89, lost 49 family members in the Holocaust and lost her parents and sister at Auschwitz. She said seeing former SS officer Oskar Groening in court is 'a kind of satisfaction' for her. Her comments come after another Holocaust survivor said he should not be prosecuted. Eva Mozes Kor, 81, publicly embraced Groening last week in an extraordinary act of forgiveness.
Ronaldinho scored a brace in Queretaro's 4-0 win over Club America in the Liga MX. The former Barcelona and Brazil forward came on as the game approached full-time. Tigres Monterrey moved up to fourth in the Clausura with victory .
Cara Newton, 32, was diagnosed with Ewing's sarcoma - a rare type of bone cancer - in April 2009. Had 13cm of bone removed from her femur, which was replaced with a metal internal prosthesis. Had to undergo several rounds of chemotherapy which doctors said would destroy her fertility. After IVF failed, the couple feared they would never become parents.
James Weld stumped up £15,000 to bring an end to a three-year stand-off with Natural England. The steps to Durdle Door beach had been washed away in storms in 2012. He says Natural England 'shirked' its duty to reinstate them .
Around 100,000 pupils a year do not pass the English and maths tests before they leave primary school. David Cameron will today announce that all children who fail tests aged 11 will have to take them again in the first year of secondary school, when they are 12.
TripAdvisor's annual cost comparison report compared the cost of hotel room service items in 48 popular holiday destinations. Sofia, Bulgaria, offers the best value for Britons this summer. London is the third priciest destination in the world, after New York City.
Former lecturer Martyn Reuby won the first round in his legal battle against Unite, after a tribunal ruled that he had been employed to teach its courses. The employment tribunal ruling is a major embarrassment to the union, which has led the campaign against the use of zero-hours contracts. It is also a blow to Ed Miliband, who has received more than £13million from Unite since becoming leader in 2010. Labour was facing further embarrassment over the issue last night after Parliament's expenses watchdog confirmed some of the party’s MPs were employing staff on a zero-hour basis. Some 68 Labour MPs have used zero- hours contracts in the past two years, including Shadow Chancellor Ed Balls, shadow health secretary Andy Burnham and Mr Miliband's parliamentary aide Karen Buckham   .
Francesca Weatherhead, 25, was killed when parolee John McCallum, 27, broadsided her car while fleeing police. The crash in Redford, Detroit, flipped her vehicle and killed her on October 6 last year. Her death caused outrage when it was revealed he had been paroled five months earlier. He was sentenced to 20-45 years in prison this week.
Lunar eclipse this month will appear in Sydney's north-eastern sky on Easter Saturday. The eclipse is the third in a series of four blood moons, with the final one expected on September 28. The partial eclipse is set to start at about 8.15pm in Cairns. Adelaide will be have the clearest skies out of all the states - where the partial eclipse begins at 8.45pm.
David Cameron kept a firm hand on the leadership rudder during the debate. He splayed his legs, he smiled on cue and when he swivelled his huge eyes direct to camera to repeatedly use the phrase ‘If I am prime minister’ it was like a hypnotist working his spell.
Lacey Spears of Scottsville, Kentucky, was found guilty last month of second-degree murder in the death of Garnett-Paul Spears at a suburban New York hospital. Spears chronicled her son Garnett's illnesses on a personal blog called 'Garnett's Journey' and other social media. Prosecutors said Spears loaded the hospitalized boy's feeding tube with a lethal amount of salt and kept on blogging .
Ellen Brody was killed along with five passengers when a train crashed into her SUV on the tracks at a railroad crossing in early February. Her three daughters, Alexa, Danielle and Julia Brody, have spoken out to say that their mother is not a murderer and that it was an accident that she drove on to the tracks. The cause of the collision.
Hannah Campbell, 30, suffered horrific injuries when a mortar bomb hit building in Basra in 2007. Shrapnel damaged her abdomen, leading doctors to tell her she'd never be able to have another child. She gave birth to Lexi-River in March last year but suffered excruciating stomach pain ten days later. Doctors found she had a perforated ulcer and operated to stem the bleeding. Six months later she developed a larger ulcer, which perforates and she was rushed to hospital. She has since split from long-term partner Anthony McMorrow after suffering from mystery condition .
Aidan, 31, has admitted to using lashings of baby oil to show off his rippling torso in Poldark. Has he been 'manscaping' his once-hairy chest in favour of a less hirsute look?
Nicola Sturgeon was hailed the shock winner of last night’s TV debate according to one poll. It inflicted a damaging blow to Ed Miliband's election hopes, with Mr Miliband trailing David Cameron and Nigel Farage. Overall, an average of four polls of viewers put Mr Cameron just ahead – and to the Tories’ delight, he also emerged with a clear lead on who is seen ‘most capable of leading the country’. The Tories rushed out a poster depicting Ed Miliband in Nicola Sturgeon's pocket last night, saying the SNP leader had ‘dominated’ him in the debate. Miss Sturgeon repeatedly left the Labour leader discomforted – and forced him to suggest Labour is not now committed to plans to find another £30billion through tax rises and spending cuts, which he voted for earlier this year.
Robert Dellinger, 54, told investigators he was trying to kill himself in December 2013 when he drove his pickup truck across a median at more than 100mph and plowed into an oncoming SUV. The crash killed Amanda Murphy, 24, who was eight months pregnant, and her fiance, 29-year-old Jason Timmons. Dellinger pleaded guilty in February to negligent homicide in the deaths of the young couple and to one count of assault for the fetus' death. He faces 12 to 24 years in prison when sentencing resumes Thursday . He also faces a wrongful death lawsuit filed by Amanda Murphy's estate.
More than 60 per cent of Americans have admitted to being ashamed of their homes. General mess, dated carpets and kitchens, unfinished DIY projects and the small size of their property rank highest on the list of embarrassments. Martha Stewart's home topped the celebrity envy list.
Josh Mason, who is standing in Lib Dem-held Redcar, said the Deputy Prime Minister was 'not the most popular' He said a visit from the party leader to the seat would not 'do us any favours' But after Lib Dem HQ heard about the remarks he was forced to make an embarrassing U-turn.
The 28 minute movie was filmed on board the Epping Ongar historic railway in south-west Essex. Locals were shocked to learn the location had been rented out to American Adult film company Brazzers. Parents were quoted as saying they were disgusted and mortified by the decision to use railway.
The 'Mediterranean-DASH Intervention for Neurodegenerative Delay' (MIND) diet includes at least three daily servings of wholegrains and salad. It also includes an extra vegetable and a glass of wine. The MIND diet is a hybrid of the Mediterranean and DASH (Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension)
Benjamin Netanyahu said the deal will 'increase Iran's aggression and terror throughout the Middle-East' He said it would pave the way for Tehran to build an atomic bomb. President Barack Obama has hailed the deal as a 'historic understanding'
Technology could help a range of industries such as food and drink, healthcare and the defence sector. Unispectral Technologies and Tel Aviv University say it works by analysing a materials 'hyperspectral signature' .
Prince Harry is due to arrive in Australia on the 6th April for a four-week secondment. He will split his time between Canberra, Sydney, Darwin and Perth. The 30-year-old will pay his respects at the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier and tour the World War I and Afghanistan galleries .
Emma Jackson, 28, moved into a quiet cul-de-sac in Hull just over a year ago. Within a week of moving in, Mark Ray, 56, turned up the volume of his TV at all hours of the day. She asked him to turn it down but was met with a barrage of abuse that culminated in violent threats and stalking. WARNING: GRAPH.
Purvi Patel, 33, of Granger, Indiana has been jailed for 20 years for feticide and neglect of a dependent. She told medics that she gave birth to a stillborn baby and disposed of the body in a dumpster . The mother-of-one bought abortion drugs from Hong Kong online to cause a miscarriage. She was convicted on charges of neglect .
Dunkin Donuts unveiled a new spring menu earlier this week, prompting a flurry of excitement from the food chain's biggest fans. The new menu contains five new food options, some of which contain more than half of an adult's recommended daily intake of salt. The only 'healthy' option on the new menu is a 210-calorie steak wrap.
Bacall, one of Hollywood's great golden age actresses, died in August aged 89 in her nine-room home overlooking New York's Central Park, which is currently on the market for $26 million. The actress bought the sprawling Manhattan home for just $48,000 in 1961 and lived there with her three children for the rest of her life. Among the most valuable items purchased during the auction were a hand-colored etching by naturalist John James Audubon American White Pelican, which fetched an impressive $173,000, three times more than was expected, Bonhams New York said .
Jasper and Jasmine were surrendered to Pug Rescue and Adoption Victoria in 2013 with a variety of health problems. They were morbidly obese, struggling to breathe, and almost blind due to pigmentary keratitis. Both dogs lost 3kg and had their sight almost entirely restored after six months of rehabilitation. The couple decided to 'wed' their new pups to raise money for charity.
Lorraine Cobourn cannot even handle bananas after being hit by a yellow taxi in May last year. The 51-year-old had to leave her job as a Barclays bank clerk as a result of the injuries. She has received two payouts and is undergoing counselling.
Real Madrid and Atletico Madrid drew 0-0 at the Vicente Calderon on Tuesday night. Marcelo and Mario Suarez were both booked and will miss the second leg at the Bernabeu. Mario Suarez has blasted the performance of referee Milorad Mazic after being booked  .
Andy McIlvaine, 33, was lugging three bottles of champagne onto a flight from Baltimore to Maine to propose to his girlfriend Kelley Mulfinger when he got talking to a group of SouthWest employees. They gave him a $100 voucher as a gift.
High school students in north east China's Jilin province are forced to leave school grounds to eat their lunch. Teachers have banned all pre-packed lunches and cut their lunch break from one hour to 30 minutes. Pictures of students eating outside spread rapidly.
Callie Thorpe was listed on the letter supporting Mr Miliband as a receptionist, but online she describes herself as a 'plus size style and lifestyle blogger, fan of lipsticks, food, travel and self love' Despite being paraded as a prominent backer of Mr Miliband hours earlier, she instead tweeted praise for Green Party leader Natalie Bennett. Campaign chiefs had attempted to rebuff letter from 100 business leaders calling for Labour government signed by people 'from all walks of life' But plan quickly unravelled .
Paul Ceglia has been on the run for a month after cutting off his electronic ankle bracelet. His father told a court they believe Facebook and the prosecutors were conspiring against him. The documents requested include details relating to a contract with Zuckerberg.
Kathryn Beale is part of a rapidly growing cottage industry that prepares fresh placenta for new mothers. She whizzes it into smoothies, or grinds it into pills for women convinced of its health benefits .
Rotherham charged with fielding an ineligible player in 1-0 win over Brighton on Easter Monday. Farrend Rawson played 90 minutes but was not involved in defeat at Middlesbrough on Saturday. Matt Derbyshire scored the only goal in the Sky Bet Championship meeting at St Andrew's.
New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie got into a heated debate with a teacher at a town hall meeting Tuesday night. Kathy Mooney, a high school English Teacher from Roselle Park, questioned Christie's decision-making behind a $225million legal settlement with ExxonMobil. The state originally wanted $8.9billion from the oil company for the deal .
Zhou Yongkang is an ally of Bo Xilai, the top official jailed over the murder of Briton Neil Heywood. He is likely to be found guilty, and could be executed if found guilty of corruption and leaking of state secrets.
The 50-year-old driver will front court on Tuesday faced with a string of charges. Police allege he rammed his car into the home at Delaneys Creek, north-west of Brisbane, about 7.30pm on Monday. Five people, including a woman believed to be the man's ex-partner, were in home.
Shia paramilitary fighters looting and setting fire to buildings in Tikrit are 'out of control', official said. Ahmed al-Karim, head of Salahuddin provincial council, said fighters had burnt 'hundreds of houses' Comes as Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi ordered Iraqi forces to oppose vandalism. Militiamen have spray-painted names of their groups on buildings.
NSW Traffic and Highway Patrol Command shared the bizarre image on their Facebook page. The incident occurred on Bridge St in Hornsby on the Upper North Shore of Sydney. In the pictures, the chili peppers are clearly slashed open and littered on the bonnet of the car. It is unclear is this was an action taken by the highway patrol team .
More than 7million front lawns in Britain have now been paved over - raising the risk of flooding. Royal Horticultural Society (RHS) is calling on people to plant trees, shrubs, climbers, hedges or flowers to attract wildlife, improve air quality .
WARNING: GRAPHIC IMAGES. Kadeem Brown, 25, and Tierre Clark, 5, were killed in a taxi crash in the Bronx, New York on Friday. The driver, 44-year-old Emilo Garcia, jumped a curb and crashed into a group of people waiting at a bus stop. Mr Brown died at the scene, while the little girl died a short time later. Garcia has since had his TLC license taken away but has not been charged with any crime.
Charles Kane, 46, of Spencerport, New York was arrested Thursday as he tried to meet up with a 14-year-old girl for sex at a local theater. He was arrested when he arrived at the theater with a full box of condoms as the young girl was in fact an undercover police officer. Kane, a married band teacher with two young daughters, faces up to 10 years in prison and a $250,000 fine if convicted .
Jesse Roepcke, 27, was arrested Sunday in Ormond Beach, Florida, for pointing a laser at passing cars. He was also charged with possession of marijuana and smuggling contraband into prison. As he was being strip-searched, an 18-gram bag of marijuana fell out of his rectum, according to police .
Angela Collins and Margaret Elizabeth Hanson decided to use Xytex Corp to start a family in 2006. They were told their donor had an IQ of 160, a bachelor of science degree in neuroscience, a master’s degree in artificial intelligence, and was working on his PhD in neuroscience engineering. He was also described as being mature beyond his years and an eloquent speaker. In June 2014 they discovered his name was James Christian Aggeles, after the company inadvertently revealed his identity in a number of emails.
Mohammad Liaqat launched a 'racist tirade' at Mount Carmel High School in Accrington, Lancashire. The 34-year-old hurled insults at white teachers in front of shocked parents as they picked up their children. He was found guilty of one count of assault and five counts of racially or religiously aggravated behaviour. He will be sentenced in June this year.
Icefin was deployed (and retrieved) the vehicle through a 12-inch diameter hole through 20 meters of ice and another 500 meters of water to the sea floor. Video captured by Icefin shows eerie footage of an active seafloor 500 meters under the Ross Ice Shelf .
Kayla Mooney, who is in her first year teaching science at Danbury High School in Connecticut, turned herself into police at 5pm on Tuesday. Her arrest came after the school's administration contacted police in February with the allegations. She is the third teacher to face sexual misconduct charges since February.
Under-25s saw wages rise more than eight times faster than over-50s as they climbed career ladder. Critics say employers are taking advantage of older workers who stay with same company for longer. In 2009, Britain's youngest workers received pay rises three times greater than older workers. But gap has now widened to nine times greater .
NHS employs 40,584 GPs, of whom 8,941 are from overseas, up from 6,921 in 2004. Number of GPs from abroad up by 11% in a decade as NHS tries to combat a shortage of staff in the NHS.
Jan Hansen's egg took him three days to put together using 352lbs (160kg) of chocolate. The creation had to be completed using a step ladder and is the equivalent of 1,600 chocolate bars . WARNING: GRAPH.
The lunar event - where Earth's shadow completely blocks the moon - lasted only five minutes, making it the shortest eclipse of the century. The so-called 'blood moon' could be seen by billions of people across the western U.S., Canada, Australia and New Zealand. It is the third in a series of four blood moons, with the final one expected on September 28 .
HIV specialists and network security experts at University College London made the disovery after creating a simulation of how the virus spreads. It accurately predicted patients' progression from HIV to AIDS in a major clinical trial. Early treatment is key to staving off AIDS.
Over the past five years, airline passengers have left behind more than $2.7 million in quarters and dimes. Last year the TSA were allowed to keep $675,000 in spare change - almost double what was collected.
NRL head of football Todd Greenberg has vowed to issue Canterbury fans who threw bottles at match officials with life-time bans. Referees and officials were struck with projectiles by angry supporters after a tight contest between South Sydney and Canterbury ended in controversy. Rabbitohs sealed a final minute 18-17 victory over the Bulldogs in an intense encounter at ANZ Stadium in Sydney during the Good Friday showdown. Sideline interchange official Darren Alchin was taken to hospital with a broken shoulder blade after slipping over in an attempt to avoid a water bottle thrown from the stands. Two people have been formally identified .
Daniel DeMarco, 28, was arrested in an Elmwood Park car lot at 2.45pm on Friday for possession of one bag of crack cocaine, a hypodermic syringe and drug paraphernalia. He was also charged with being under the influence of a controlled dangerous substance and DWI, according to police .
80 current and former leaders say there is clear evidence that academy-style freedoms are benefiting a generation of children. They say Labour and some senior Lib Dems appear to be threatening to reimpose state controls. Letter was backed by David Cameron.
Colin Mcinerney, 28, claims he was beaten and had his head stomped on by a man, two teenagers and a boy aged only about 10 on Friday night at the fast food restaurant in Coolalinga near Darwin. The man's 22-year-old girlfriend said he had just gestured at the family by waving with his little pinky as people do.
Youtube user Joe Penna and animator Jeff Schweikart took between three-to-four days to complete the project. Penna solved a whopping 1,296 mini Rubik's Cubes a total of 961 times. The short animated video features a robot building a spaceship and finding love.
Mike Holpin, 56, from Ebbw Vale, South Wales, says he wants more children because 'God's will' Says 16 of his children have been taken into care but he wants to make it up to them. Says he is 'as fertile as sin' and won't use contraception because he loves sex. Former friends say his boasts are 'nonsense' and he has fathered as few as 16 children . He lives in a council house and claims benefits .
Deputies in the National Assembly in Paris voted through the amendment to a law on public health. It is expected to be rubber-stamped by the Senate and will be studied closely in Britain. Around 40,000 people suffer from anorexia in France, the vast majority women and teenage girls  .
Penalty rates will come into force across Good Friday, Saturday, Sunday, Sunday and Easter Monday. Small businesses will struggle to open their doors due to the cost of penalty rates on public holidays. The Too Big to Ignore campaign will allow small businesses to put up posters in their windows explaining why they are operating with reduced staff  .
Pat Ingles, 69, lost her husband 12 years ago to prostate cancer after dutifully caring for him. Now she's focused on enjoying herself and wants to make the most of the time she has left. 'I really enjoy myself, I party hard,' she admitted on the Channel 5 show OAPs Behaving Bad.
Toni Elliot, 53, thought she had hurt a tooth when she sat for dinner at Puckett's Boat House in Franklin, Tennessee. However, when she spat out the mouthful she was chewing she discovered a pearl in the palm of her hand. Forty-nine precious stones followed. Elliot remained calm and even posed for photos with her treasure afterwards.
From Marks and Spencer to Primark, they’re all at it, flogging foundation and lippy alongside frocks and leggings. But are any of them worth splashing your cash on? Claire Coleman put some of the biggest fashion beauty brands to the test  .
More than 200 Yazidi prisoners have been set free in northern Iraq after nearly a year in captivity. The 216 prisoners, including 40 children, were piled onto minibuses that drove them to peshmerga positions. The release took place in Himera just southwest of Kirkuk, 180 miles north of Baghdad. No reason was given for the decision .
Photographer Scott Gable, 39, spent four months travelling across the region documenting the labour and threadbare equipment used to harvest the carbohydrate-rich food. Rice is a staple food for more than one-half the world's population, but for many consumers, its origin remains a mystery.
Harold Ekeh, 18, is a senior at Elmont Memorial High School in Long Island, New York. He is a straight A student with an SAT score of 2270 and has served as editor-in-chief of his student newspaper and chief executive of the Model United Nations. His parents moved from Nigeria to the U.S. 10 years ago with their six children. He plans to be a neurosurgeon to study Alzheimer's, a disease his grandmother suffers from   .
The Tidwell Middle School student - aged 13 or 14 - started a blog called 'Killing Children' on Wattpad in August last year. The blog featured 11 stories titled 'Massacre', 'Thrown Under The Bus' and 'Blood, Blood, And More Blood' The District Attorney's Office ruled the blog was protected by First Amendment.
Jamyra Gallmon, of Washington D.C., has been charged with first-degree felony murder while armed over the killing of 30-year-old David Messerschmitt. Police had released surveillance video of a 'person of interest' who was seen entering the Donovan Hotel shortly after Messerchmitt texted his wife Kim Vuong at 7.45pm on February 9 to tell her he would be home in an hour. The next day he was found dead after being stabbed in the back at his hotel room with 'various credit cards strewn about' Police have not revealed exactly what he was doing.
Fitness guru Ashy Bines has admitted some of the healthy eating recipes she shared had been ripped off from other websites. The 26-year-old confirmed the revelations in a video posted on YouTube. She said she left recipe sourcing to a nutritionist who was 'better qualified' to give advice. Ms Bines also revealed she has been bullied by trolls.
Direct Assist told one complainant they were likely to be called for three years until they made a claim. Every complaint came from someone who was registered with the TPS and who had not given permission for the company to call.
China, South Korea and Japan have all banned new charter flights of Thai carriers after an audit by the UN's International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) It found 'significant safety concerns' with the country's aviation safety. CASA has placed higher safety restrictions on Thai Airways, but avoided following the footsteps of its Asian neighbours by banning future flights. According to CASA, Thai Airways is the only Thai airline that regularly operates in Australia  .
The Boston RunBase scheduled to open April 16 will allow visitors to learn about the world's most prestigious road race, run a replica of the course on a treadmill or see artifacts from its 118-year history. It will give runners a place to gather before going for a jog by the Charles River and then shower and change.
Donna Hussey, 32, has also been branded a 'bad mum' by trolls on Facebook over the death of her son Freddie. Three-year-old was crushed to death when trailer mounted pavement and crushed him against a wall in Bristol. Driver Tony Davies was spared jail after admitting causing death by careless driving .
Location in Ceredigion, Powys and Pembrokeshire also being used to radicalise Muslims. Incidents of Islamic extremist activity in Wales can be traced back to 1998, it is claimed. Hate preacher Abu Hamza sent group of 10 extremists to train in Brecon Beacons, in Powys in 1998.
Calcium formations on ‘Altamura Man’, a skeleton found in a cave in 1993, suggest he was 128,000 to 187,000 years old. Scientists plan to sequence his DNA to see if they can reveal new details about the evolution of our ancient ancestors. WARNING: GRAPHIC.
Orana Wildlife Park in New Zealand's Christchurch has installed a moving cage to bring spectators as close as possible to lions in an open habitat. The spectators are mere centimetres away from the huge animal, sitting inside their lair to see every whisker, tooth and hair.
Joseph Getty, 26, pleaded guilty to drink-driving and received a 20-month ban and a fine of £1,000. He earns £40,000 a year as a financial analyst and was given a £96,000 bonus last year.
John Noble, 53, shot himself in the head on Easter Sunday at the M Resort in Las Vegas. He sent a 270 page package to the Las Vegas Review-Journal explaining why he was going to kill himself. Included in the package was a two hour DVD in which he addresses the camera and a letter entitled 'The Curse' He said he was angry because he lost his lifetime free pass to the buffet for harassing female employees in 2013. Noble also sent a suicide attempt in 2013 just after losing his free buffet for life pass.
Nigel Farage has vowed he would stand down as leader if he fails to win seat in Thanet South. Diane James, an MEP and party's justice and home affairs spokesman, insists the show will go on. She named three possible successors to Mr Farage as potential future leaders.
Bryan Santana of Orlando, Florida, has been charged with murder in the death of his former roommate Shelby Fazio, 23. He is also charged with attempted murder for allegedly attacking their third roommate with a knife and killing her dog. In court documents, Santana admitted to strangling and stabbing the Disney World employee to death, and then having sex with her corpse. He also wrote messages in her blood on the wall saying: 'I'm not sorry for what I did' . His lawyer argued that he is not competent to stand trial following an incident where he smeared feces all over himself and tried to hit an officer.
Photographer Victor Albert Prout travelled along the River Thames in a makeshift boat to capture the images. He developed the negatives in an improvised dark room on board his punt, which he sailed along the river. The collection is the oldest documented record of Britain's best known landmarks, such as Windsor Castle and the Houses of Parliament, dating back 150 years.
Bangladeshi migrant workers were surrounded by officers who charged at them, hitting out with batons, before dragging screaming women away. As many as 1,800 workers at the Compagnie Mauricienne de Textile (CMT) factory went on strike last week over pay, harsh treatment, food and concerns about missing worker.
Ephedra foeminea waits for the full moon to bloom and produces a sugary droplet of sugary fluid to attract pollinating insects. Researchers from Stockholm University noticed the droplets at the same time of the year having conducted four years of research. It's unknown how the plant ‘knows’ when it’s full moon, but they can detect different intensities of light during the phases of the moon as well as gravity.
The University of Sydney is running a 17-week bridging diploma for Year 11 students at Scot's College. The program allows students to gain entry to university without completing their final year certificate. Students who completed the course successfully were guaranteed places in a number of undergraduate courses. Tuition, sporting and curricula fees for the prestigious Sydney school reportedly top $30,000 per year  .
Peter Thurston, 80, says his small yachts were too cramped for leisure cruising. He built the caravan boat to take his mind off his recent divorce. The catamavan has an oven, fridge freezer and shower.
Spending on foreign aid is set to increase by an extra £1billion over the next two years. New EU accounting rules are being brought in which change the way national income is measured. Britain is now the second largest aid donor in the world after the US .
Winchester Council said its annual clean-up of roads had been hit by new Health and Safety Executive rules. HSE denied tightening rules and said councils were 'over-interpreting' legislation. Campaign to Protect Rural England demands action.
BMJ says Avastin is just as effective at tackling wet age-related macular degeneration as Lucentis. Drug company Novartis accused of trying to ‘undermine and divert attention’ from trials to prove drug works. Avastins is much cheaper and would save NHS around £102million.
The South Australian senator's partner Sophie Allouache gave birth to baby Hannah in Adelaide on Good Friday. Ms Wong, 46, shared the news with her 100,000 Twitter followers on Tuesday morning. It is the second child for the long-term couple who welcomed their eldest daughter Alexandra in 2011. Hannah was conceived through IVF  .
Dejan Stojkovic, an associate professor of physics at the University at Buffalo, says information isn't lost once it enters a black hole. His new paper presents explicit calculations demonstrating how information is preserved. The research marks a significant step toward solving the paradox.
The elaborate fraud involved cars and vans being driven into the side of First Group buses. The crashes took place between October 2010 and January 2012 and earned ringleader John Smith £159,000. Passengers on the bus were mainly friends and relatives of the 12 defendants in the scam . All of the bogus claims submitted by Smith's company were for whiplash and 'soft tissue injuries' . He personally processed 218 personal injury claims - which totalled more than £1m - to no win no fee lawyers . WARNING: GRAPHIC.
The 5,300-ton HMS Talent limped back to port with a huge dent and will be out of action for several months. The collision ripped a 6ft hole at the top of the conning tower. Royal Navy top brass are investigating the incident.
The world's largest atom-smashing machine is most famous for proving the existence of the Higgs boson. It was shut down two years ago after confirming the discovery of the particle. Scientists are now aiming to see dark matter for the first time ever thanks to upgrade.
Many of the super-rich are having them built - complete with huge comfy seats and cup-holders. Beckhams have submitted plans for a lower-groundfloor 'cinema room' George Clooney is also building a home cinema on an island.
John Shipton's uniquely designed two-bedroom home at 36 Kent Street, Newtown in Sydney’s inner west sold for $1.42 million on Wednesday. The property was originally built in the 1870s as the servant's quarters to a Victorian villa next door and was last bought by his partner Catherine Barber in 1989 for $130,000. It was first put on the market in March but failed to sell in an initial auction in mid-March, but sold on Wednesday  .
Managers from the London Ambulance Service have just filled 225 vacant posts with applicants from Sydney and Melbourne. They were recruited on the back of a series of practical demonstrations on dummies, a written exam and an interview that lasted in all between four and six hours. Each trip to Australia costs the ambulance service £90,000 in flights and hotel bills, but they return having hired on average 200 paramedics. The ambulance service is also severely understaffed and, across England, around 1,250 posts are unfilled – a tenth of what is needed. Hospital managers have been flying out to Spain and Portugal to hire batches of 30 nurses at a time. The NHS is recruiting overseas because it has failed to train enough staff in Britain to meet the needs of the rising and ageing population .
Etienne Gould Nunan was born premature at Melbourne's Monash Hospital in July last year. He was born with a hole in his heart and a brain bleed and weighed only 558 grams. His parents, Carman Gould and Jonathan Nunan, have praised medical staff for taking care of their son. The proud parents said they celebrated each day as it came, alongside the little joys it brought, from Etienne's first bath to his first hug.
Nicola Sturgeon said the rising retirement age was particularly unfair for pensioners in Scotland. She said they don’t live as long as their counterparts in the rest of the country. The SNP leader demanded the retirement age be frozen - in a move which would cost billions of pounds .
Detective Patrick Cherry was in plainclothes and trying to park his unmarked Hyundai without signalling when the Uber driver honked his horn. The officer pulled over the cab and launched a tirade, questioning the driver's command of the English language as well as his driving ability. The three-minute video has been viewed more than three million times on YouTube. Cherry appeared on NBC 4 New York on Friday night to 'sincerely apologize' He will be placed on modified duty before being transferred out of the force .
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu slammed the Iran nuclear deal in a televised statement. He said it would 'threaten the survival of Israel' and put his people in mortal danger . The preliminary agreement set out a framework where Iran would scale down plans to enrich uranium and make weapons-grade plutonium in return for Western powers dropping stringent economic sanctions. It prompted Netanyahu to urge more pressure to be placed on Iran by Western powers until a better deal is reached .
An estimated 35,000 people gathered on the White House South Lawn Monday morning for the 137th annual Easter Egg Roll festivities. Pop band Fifth Harmony and duo MKTO brought music to the event, and Mrs Obama joined the So You Think You Can Dance All Stars on stage taking the spotlight during a choreographed routine. This year's theme is #GimmeFive, which is part of Mrs Obama's campaign to get young people to be more active and lead healthier lives.
Ian Walters, 51, allegedly killed his wife Tracy by deliberately driving their truck into a tree at 84mph. Two dogs and suitcases were also thrown out of the pick-up truck as it crashed into a line of trees. Tracy Walters died after making a flurry of calls to police about sex-obsessed husband in days leading up to crash.
Officials said the rope was tied into a noose at about 2 a.m. Wednesday in the Bryan Center plaza in Durham, North Carolina. The area in which the noose was found is home to several offices focused on diversity. Students took to social media sites to discuss the issue, with many believing it was racially motivated. The incident comes just two weeks after students allegedly chanted a racist song at a black female student .
The quota system was abolished today after 30 years - allowing dairy farmers to produce as much milk as they like. Move is expected to drive a spike in production, particularly in countries like Ireland, Germany and the Netherlands.
Julian Lines was filmed edging towards the top of the cliff in the Cairngorms, Scotland. The 42-year-old is seen grappling to find handholds and footholds as he edges towards the summit. Mr Lines, from Northern Ireland, said 'life's problems evaporate' when he is climbing.
The 32-year-old was seen with an older male companion and some new braces on her already straight teeth while out to lunch in Los Angeles on Thursday. This just days before a judge will decide if she must hand over $2.8million in gifts she received from her ex, embattled former Los Angeles Clippers owner Donald Sterling. Stiviano and her friend enjoyed lunch at Il Pastaio, a favorite of the Kardashians, in Beverly Hills. She also appeared to receive a present from her gentleman friend at one point, pulling something out.
Sculptor Dave Poulin has admitted to being 'disappointed' in his work and has pledged to make a new one. Residents of Celoron, N.Y., say the statue of Lucille Ball is 'monstrous'
Khalid Saeed Batarfi was a senior leader with al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP) before he was jailed. Two days ago he was freed, along with 300 other inmates, as terrorists stormed the prison he was being held in.
Marysia is a swimwear brand that was started by former ballet dancer/surfer Marysia Dobrzanska Reeves in 2009. Celebrities including Lupita Nyong’o and Rachel Bilson.
The men's clothing label is aimed at cashing in on a new wave of patriotism sweeping Russia. It comes ahead of a giant military parade in Red Square on May 9 to mark 70th anniversary of end of WW2. The brand is called The Army of Russia and features balaclavas and combat trousers.
The Boy Scouts' New York chapter said Thursday that it has hired the nation's first openly gay Eagle Scout as a summer camp leader. Pascal Tessier, 18, has been a vocal advocate of opening the 105-year-old organization to gay scouts and leaders. The national organization changed its policy in 2013 to allow openly gay kids as scouts, but not adults as leaders, after a bitter debate over its membership policy  .
The Great Wall of China was created in 500 BC to protect the country's northern border against foreign invasion. The Louvre attracts 9.7 million visitors a year, more than any other museum in the world, and huge crowds block views.
Tampons absorb chemicals commonly used on toilet paper, laundry detergents and shampoos. They glow under UV light, meaning they could shed light on previously undetectable misplumbed pathways. It’s estimated that around five per cent of homes in the UK have pipes that are misconnected, causing them to leak sewage. By using this technique at the opening of different pipes, they can trace the source of the sewage to certain households.
The man entered a branch of the U.S Bank in Santa Cruz at around 3pm last Friday. He handed the cashier a note demanding money and made off with an unknown sum of money. No weapon was used or mentioned during robbery.
High winds blowing sand across the United Arab Emirates have caused chaos in Dubai. visibility drops to less than 500 metres and people are wearing masks to protect their lungs. Four flights bound for Dubai International Airport had to be diverted to nearby airports and a 24-year-old injured.
Boris Majnaric, 75, of South Jordan, Utah, built the 384-sq-ft, four-room bird house in 1996 and went on to rear more than 200 birds - five times over the legal limit. He spent more than $40,000 fighting the city in court to keep the birds out of his yard. The structure was finally demolished last Tuesday after a three-year battle .
Malia Obama, 16, is already visiting colleges in preparation for when she heads to school in the fall of 2016. President Obama said he's 'sad' and he 'starts tearing up in the middle of the day and I can't explain it' Malia's younger sister Sasha, 13, won't start thinking about college for a few years.
Cardboard gnome was signed by all four members of the Beatles after starring on iconic 1967 album cover. The model has emerged for sale almost 50 years later after being listed for auction by a private collector in the US for £17,000.
Madison Small, an 18-year-old high school senior from Ashburn, Virginia, passed away suddenly on Tuesday morning after feeling ill on Monday. The Virginia Medical Examiner's office is investigating her death and an autopsy has been ordered, but no diagnosis has been given. Hundreds of friends, classmates and family gathered for a candle-lit vigil at Broad Run High School on Tuesday night .
The drug was developed by the British pharmaceutical giant Astra Zeneca with the original aim of treating certain types of tumour. It was shelved after it proved ineffective, but scientists have now revealed how it restored memory in mice.
Anthony Stokes, 17, died on Tuesday after he crashed a stolen Honda into a pole as he fled the scene of an attempted burglary at an elderly woman's home in Roswell, Georgia. His death comes less than two years after he received a heart transplant at Children's Healthcare of Atlanta. The boy, from Decatur, suffered from a dilated cardiomyopathy so his heart was unable to pump enough blood. He had been given just six to nine months to live but the hospital initially refused to put him on the transplant waiting list .
Lauren Crawley, 54, from Kings Langley, Hertfordshire, was given a new platinum implant. Surgery for a benign brain tumour behind her left ear damaged a facial nerve wrapped around it, causing problems.
Shocking footage has emerged of the moment a man stabbed a bouncer outside a Melbourne nightclub. Police say the man had been ejected from the club late Thursday night when he soon returned and attacked the security guard. The 29-year-old bouncer was taken to hospital with non-life threatening injuries. Police have expressed their 'disgust' over the incident.
The city is thought to be the biggest underground city in Cappadocia, consisting of 3.5 miles (7km) of tunnels, secret churches, tombs and safe havens. It lies beneath the Nevşehir fortress and the surrounding area, which was being excavated during a construction project. The multilevel settlement is likely to include living spaces, kitchens, wineries, chapels, staircases and bathrooms. Scientists have yet to discover all its secret passages .
Nathaly Hernandez was born with a number of complications impacting her joints and movement. She is able to sit but cannot walk and has an oxygen tube in her neck that helps her breathe. She has lived at the Home of the Innocents nursing facility in Kentucky since she was three months old. Nathaly's caregivers said she became obsessed with Miley Cyrus' Wrecking Ball after her teenage roommate played the track. She then started singing along to the song and moving her body in a bid to evoke emotion in the song .
Zoe Dennise Prince, 28, was working at the Gold Coast amusement park until September last year. She was allegedly injured on May 20, 2013 while checking harnesses on the Tower of Terror thrill ride. Ms Prince has already undergone two operations and she has developed intersection syndrome and De Quervain’s tenosynovitis in her wrist.
Suzanne Adams' son James Robshaw was born with cerebral palsy after she hospital staff failed to carry out a Caesarean section or properly monitor her during labour. High Court ruled today that United Lincolnshire Hospitals NHS Trust must pay in excess of £14.6 million for birth injuries for James.
Maria Malone-Guerbaa, 41, from London, used nothing but paints to transform herself into a bunny. Mother-of-two didn't use prosthetics or special effects to achieve the amazing result.
Shaun Andrew McKerry, 31, has been unmasked as axe-wielding thug who attempted to rob post office. He was arrested after he burst into Shildon Post Office and Stores wielding an axe and demanding cash. Shopkeeper Sab Dhillon heard his demands and rugby tackled him and his wife with a baseball bat. McKerry was dubbed 'Boomerang Boy' because he always returned home after his crimes. He will be sentenced on April 24 at Durham Crown Court.
Gul Ahmad Saeed, 25, is alleged to have shot dead his fiancee, her parents and seven of her siblings on Sunday. He is also said to have killed his own parents, brother and sister-in-law months earlier. Saeed has been on the run from police for months .
Gang of four were seen trying to hack into an ATM outside a Waitrose supermarket in Kenilworth, Warwickshire. They spent eight minutes trying to access the vault before speeding off in a stolen Audi RS7 at 145mph . They were caught after a police helicopter followed the gang of four as they tore up the M42 in the stolen car . Gang members Mark Kirk, 34, Pedro Taylor, 30, and Jason Hadley, 27, and Dean Beech, 37, were jailed for conspiracy to steal and aggravated vehicle taking  .
Lisa Williams, 49, hit taxi driver David Coleman three times with the hammer during street fight. The two families had been 'neighbours at war' since the Colemans moved in next door in 2007. Williams, who has no previous convictions, was jailed for 30 months today at Snaresbrook Crown Court in London .
Valerie Cadman-Khan, 56, was arrested in front of daughter Aimee, now 19, when she was 12 in 2008. Cleveland Police accused her of child neglect after she left daughter alone for 45 minutes in the garden. Mother-of-five won wrongful arrest case against police and won £34,000 compensation last month. She appeared on This Morning to talk about the incident with her daughter .
Charles Terreni Jr was four times over the legal alcohol limit when he died. He was found dead at the Pi Kappa Alpha house in Columbia, South Carolina, around 10:30am on March 18. Neighbors said the house threw a party the night before, and noted the leftover keg .
Frida Kahlo wrote passionate love letters to her lover Jose Bartoli between 1946 and 1949 while she was married to muralist Diego Rivera. The letters were written in Spanish between August 1946 and November 1949 and were saved by Jose until his death in 1995. A collection of 25 of the letters will be auctioned off at Doyle New York on April 15  .
Michelle Gent directed and starred in violent films featuring whips, chains, swords and scantily clad women. Former Lib Dem councillor used party's offices in Ashfield, Nottinghamshire, to hold auditions for sordid films. Some of the clips show women bound with leather straps, while others show girls drenched in fake blood. The offices have since been sold.
The disease claims almost 11,000 lives a year in the UK, with most deaths occurring after it spreads around the body. The latest study gets to the root of this spread, and could mean better outcomes for 42,000 men a year diagnosed with the illness. Scientists funded by Cancer Research UK studied samples taken from tumours in the prostate .
Announcement comes just one month after the festival made its way through the major cities in the country. It was headlined by Drake and DJ Avicii and took place in Sydney, Perth, Adelaide, Melbourne and Brisbane . More than 230 people were arrested over drug-related offences at Future Music Festival events. Promoting company Mushroom Group released a statement explaining that the festival could not continue .
28 fossilised cone snail shells found in the northern Dominican Republic are up to 6.6 million years old. They were covered in streaks of orange, purple, blue and even large pokadots. Scientists believe the shells include 13 entirely new species.
Two Ryanair planes collided as they taxied to a runway at Dublin Airport this morning. Passengers escaped injury, but the incident caused disruption for hundreds of travellers. It's the second time in six months two Ryanair aircraft have collided at Ireland's busiest airport  .
Anthony Corrales of New Jersey claims he was driving with his wife and daughter, 10, last June near Resorts World Casino in the Queens section of New York City when a car cut in front of him. He then claims that when he got out of the car to get the license plate number, he was mowed down by the car and driven for several blocks .
Ambra Battilana, 22, did not 'co-operate' with authorities for four days after her initial report to police. It has been claimed the delay was because she and her manager were working behind the scenes to try and land her a film role. But once the 'pipe dream' came to nothing, she decided to pursue the criminal case, sources said. She was interviewed by Manhattan DA prosecutors on Wednesday, April 1, at the NYPD Special Victims Squad's office in East Harlem  .
Labour leader’s secret cribsheets also reveal how he planned to ‘relish the chance to show who I am’. Embarrassingly for the Labour leader, the ten pages of notes were apparently left behind in the Salford ITV studios where Miliband clashed with David Cameron.
Luo Kun Kun Kun was expelled from his village when locals signed a petition to banish him. He was diagnosed with HIV when he was five years old and was refused admission to local schools. The boy was forced to play in the woods alone and was described as a 'ticking time bomb' He has now been admitted to a specialist school in Linfen, China.
Mark Jones, 45, is accused of killing 41-day-old Amelia Rose Jones at his daughter's home in Pontnewydd, south east Wales. The youngster died of a bleed to the brain after being rushed to hospital on the evening she was being babysat by her grandfather. Jones denies murder .
The 43-year-old has denied committing a public order offence after it was claimed he behaved aggressively towards driver Fateh Kerar. He is accused of causing harassment, alarm or distress to Altrincham-based Mr Kerar - a Section 4A Public Order offence. Keane will face trial at Manchester Magistrates' Court.
The woman's body was found at Derby Motor Boat Club in Sawley, Leicestershire, on Sunday night. A 65-year-old man was arrested in connection with her death before being released on police bail. Post-mortem failed to establish a cause of death and further tests are underway.
The 750 square metre apartment is spread across the entire 100th floor of super skyscraper Australia 108. It is the most expensive single apartment sold in the country and boasts 360 degree views over Melbourne's CBD. The new owner, whose identity was not disclosed, plans to live in the luxury pad when it is completed. The apartment block has three infinity pools set against floor-to-ceiling glass.
Sikander Rafiq, 34, and Samara Jabreen, 32, lied to Birmingham City Council about their relationship. Couple claimed £66,268 housing benefit, council tax benefit and income support over eight year period. Jabreen also claimed single occupancy discount on her council tax payments, the court was told at Birmingham Crown Court.
The $40 billion taxi service has been plagued by serious accusations of failing to vet its drivers. Lawsuits have been brought against Uber in San Francisco and Los Angeles. Sullivan is the first federal prosecutor to specialize in high-technology crime. He spent two decades tackling cyber crime before joining the Justice Department.
First selfie spot will go live on Birthday Girl, the first of its 787 aircraft to be purchased, from this month. App will also act as a sky high discussion forum where customers can chat and spark debate in the air.
Six infrared cameras mounted around the aircraft allow pilots to 'look through' the air-frame. All of the information they need to complete their mission is projected straight onto the helmet's visor. The helmet is so advanced that it allows pilots to share information with other F-35 jets.
Tracy Morgan was accompanied by his fiancee Megan Wollover and their daughter Maven as they did some shopping in New Jersey on Monday. It comes almost one year after he was first hospitalized following a tragic accident which claimed the life of his friend James McNair and injured three others. Morgan suffered a traumatic brain injury as well as a broken leg, a broken nose and broken ribs in the accident. He spent almost two months in the hospital following the accident .
Allie Davis, 21, based in Minneapolis, delivered her beau the ten-question document, which she dubbed 'The Official Allie Davis Relationship Test', and informed him that he must score at least 60%.
Pankaj Saw fell three storeys from a Macquarie Park balcony to his death on Wednesday night. The 29-year-old was on the phone to his wife back in India at the time of the tragic fall. It is believed Mr Saw was leaning on a wooden railing that ran across the top of the balcony and it gave way  .
Italian model Ambra Battilana, 22, claims Harvey Weinstein, 63, groped her at his Manhattan office on Friday night. She called police and they monitored a phone call she had with him and met him at a restaurant. He voluntarily went to speak with police on Saturday and has promised full cooperation. But a recorded conversation shows he did not deny touching her, it has been claimed. He could face misdemeanor charges of forcible touching or sexual abuse if allegations are credible .
'I am sightless in my right eye,' he told Fusion and Univision anchor Jorge Ramos. Reid said he is 'over' the fear that he may not regain vision in that eye following a New Year's Day exercise accident that left him battered and bruised. Rumors have persisted since the January 1 accident that the Nevada mob may have been involved, even though there's no evidence to suggest the Reid was the victim of an organized attack. The lawmaker's tale of how he came to sustain broken bones in his face while working out in his Nevada home with a plastic exercise band has been questioned.
Ruba Khandaqji, 36, was charged with two counts of corruption by threat against a public official and resisting arrest without violence. She called the Osceola County Sheriff’s Office on Monday telling the dispatcher to 'shut up and listen' as she explained that she was going to hire a hitman and 'kill whomever I can kill' because she wanted to be deported to Jordan. Authorities say she has a history of mental instability and mental instability .
'Marine photic zone euxinia' took place in one of the prehistoric oceans. This happens when the sun-lit surface waters of the ocean become devoid of oxygen and are poisoned by hydrogen sulphide. The study authors fear that the planet today could suffer similar consequences. The same CO2 rise that led to the oxygen-depleted oceans also led to extinction.
Alexander Bradley appeared in Bristol County Superior Court on Wednesday for Justice Susan Garsh to decide what he could testify to in front of a jury in the Aaron Hernandez murder trial. He will be allowed to testify that Hernandez had access to the type of pistol he is accused of using to murder semipro football player Odin Lloyd. But not about a separate 2013 incident in which Bradley contends Hernandez shot him in the face. Bradley, who says he was Hernandez's former drug dealer and then his best friend, cannot reveal his claim that Hernandez shot he in the eye. The judge blocked Bradley from testifying that Hernandez was 'unreasonably suspicious' and would not allow Bradley to use iPhones around him during his testimony .
Professor Ninian Peckitt faces being struck off the medical register after being accused of failing three patients. The world-renowned surgeon is accused of repeatedly punching a patient in the face to correct a fracture. The 63-year-old was working as an honorary locum at Ipswich Hospital at the time of the alleged incident in 2012.
Researchers at Joint Base Lewis-McChord in Tacoma, Washington, concluded that military suicides may be more likely after members leave the service than during active duty deployment. Suicide rates were similar regardless of whether or not servicemen and women were deployed to Iraq or Afghanistan. Leaving the military significantly increased suicide risk, with a suicide rate of 26.06 after separating from service compared with 15.12 for those who remained in uniform. The study is the largest of its kind.
The six-month-old had fallen from a building in Zetland, inner-east of Sydney, last month and sustained serious injuries. It was taken in by a local vet clinic, My Vet Animal Hospital, who shared the story of aptly-named 'Seven' on social media. Since then, the cat has won the hearts of many who have donated funds to help pay for the his hefty medical bills and surgeries  .
The prelate was sacked from a religious order in Taranto after one of his online lovers contacted church authorities. He allegedly favoured sexual role-play scenarios in which his lover played Judas Escariot, and had to atone for his betrayal.
A family of four, including two boys under the age of ten, was found dead in a home in Tulsa, Oklahoma. The unidentified family - a mother, 42-year-old father and their two sons - apparently died from gunshot wounds. Police are not seeking a suspect.
Wayne Kyle said he and wife Deby are 'surviving' now that they have had time to process their son's death. Chris Kyle and friend Chad Littlefield were shot dead at a Texas gun range in 2013 by Eddie Routh. In February, Routh was found guilty of the murders and sentenced to life in prison without parole. Wayne Kyle attended the trial, but said it was difficult to be in the same room as his son's killer. He described the movie, American Sniper, as an 'absolute disgrace' for portraying his other son .
Katherine Hadsell says she's eager for police to give 'more insight into what they're actually doing' to find 18-year-old college student Anjelica Hadsell. The Longwood University student was home for spring break when she vanished on March 2. Police are searching a pond near Carrsville, Virginia, after getting a new tip that her cell phone may be below its surface. Her stepfather Wesley Hadsell, 36, was taken into custody late last month amid claims that he knows who has taken his daughter against her will  .
Mohamed Hamdin, 24, appeared in Downing Centre Court on Tuesday charged with indecent assault. Police say he touched the 15-year-old girl inappropriately during the concert of U.S. rappers YG and Ty Dolla $ign. He was granted bail on strict conditions, including that he not leave his home at night without being accompanied by his parents .
Kong Meng Xiong, 21, of St. Paul, Minnesota has been charged with kidnapping, third-degree criminal sexual conduct and false imprisonment. The girl's family reported the kidnapping on Sunday and that they opposed to their daughter marrying Xionsg, whom she was dating, because of their age differences . In traditional Hmong marriages the man generally asks permission from the girl’s family to wed her. If that method fails, there is a tradition of 'bride-napping' in which the man may literally drag his bride to his house.
The inn, which will have 20 bedrooms, is being built in the prince's model village in Dorset. The estate, which is on his Duchy of Cornwall land near Dorchester, already has a Prince George House.
The scene was photographed from just six metres away by Dean Mason in Beaconsfield, Buckinghamshire. He said: 'The three siblings are doing exactly what siblings do - playing combined with the odd argument' The birds are small owls, a species which typically measures 22cm tall.
The native Australian marsupial once occupied more than 70 per cent of the Australian mainland. Now it’s disappeared from around 80 per cent with small populations remaining in Queensland, the Northern Territory and Western Australia. Feral cats and foxes are the biggest threat to the bilby populations while other contributing factors include farm animals destroying bilby habitat.
Churchill, then 84, was President Eisenhower's guest of honour at the gathering in London in 1959. The party, held on the 20th anniversary of Nazi Germany's invasion of Poland, brought together the great and good of the Allied WWII campaign. Photographs taken by US Navy photographer Paul Begley.
Gary Dahl's wife, Marguerite Dahl, confirmed on Tuesday that her husband of 40 years died March 23 of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. His rocks formed a brief but remarkably successful craze for several months in 1975.
Michael Olsen, 52, from Dartford, Kent, was challenged by PCs Mark Bird and Robert Wilson. He had abandoned his car in the middle of the road after ploughing into a traffic island and parked cars. Officers challenged him but he turned round and pulled a gun to PC Wilson's head. PC Bird stepped in to save him .
Sean McCabe, 30, was diagnosed with stage four Hodgkin Lymphoma in June 2013. He was told he had just two months to live and planned his own funeral in January 2014. The father-of-three even wrote a goodbye letter to his three children to be read to them after his death. But after making a remarkable recovery he was told his cancer is now in remission .
Former Redgum frontman John Schumann has slammed protesters for using his song, I Was Only 19. The songwriter, who penned the 1983 anthem, said the song was about compassion, tolerance and inclusiveness. Saturday's rallies across the nation erupted into violence when the group's supporters clashed with anti-racism groups.
Lillian Roldan, 39, says she dated Ariel Castro from 2000 to 2003, a three-year period during which Castro kidnapped and imprisoned Michelle Knight and Amanda Berry in his Ohio home. She describes Castro as a gentleman who was 'completely normal' in the bedroom, and even romantic. She says he kept his basement padlocked because he 'didn't want his kids to steal it' . She visited his house often and never knew about the young women he was keeping prisoner . Castro cut ties with her in October of that year, saying he didn't love her .
Kim Howe, 69, died after being involved in a four-way crash with Bruce Jenner in February. Her two adult stepchildren are said to have hired lawyers to look into wrongful death suit. Sources say they are the only people who could launch a wrongful death lawsuit. Jenner is only insured up to $250,000 for personal finances.
Rilwan Oshodi bought Karen Budow's Santander details for just £3,200 and spent savings on champagne and computers. He was jailed for eight years in 2013 for conspiracy to defraud and conspiracy to conceal criminal property. Judge orders him to repay £940,820.34 or face four more years in jail today .
Rosie, 27, models her new summer sleepwear collection for Autograph at M&S. Full of mix and match pieces featuring sophisticated hues of slate blue and silver. Follows a strict clean and lean diet and follows organic diet.
Singer-songwriter, 22, has dropped three stone by following a dairy-free, low-carb and low sugar diet. Has been named Vogue's April 'Today I'm Wearing' star for the month, sharing his outfits with readers each day .
Aleksandr Glushko, 21, of Delta Junction, Alaska, drove for more than three miles while intoxicated to retrieve the truck he'd just crashed. But an Alaskan Railroad worker spotted him at the wheel of the forklift driving by the crash site. He was arrested by police who were at the scene when he looped.
Gertrude Weaver, the world's oldest person, died at 116 on Monday in Camden, Arkansas. She passed away from complications due to pneumonia, according to the Silver Oaks Health and Rehabilitation Center in Camden. Weaver inherited the title last Wednesday, after the death of 117-year-old Misao Okawa in Japan. American Jeralean Talley, 115, is now the oldest person in the world  .
Chase Lacasse, 19, was arrested and charged with felony impersonation of police after visiting a New Hampshire ice cream stand in full uniform. The teenager had posted on social media that he wanted to join the police and often posed dressed up as an officer.
Apryl Foster, 33, was last seen on CCTV footage leaving a bar in Ybor City, Florida, on February 12. She was reported missing after failing to show up for work and leaving her cats home alone. Her body was found in her sunken car in a Tampa-area lake on Sunday. Autopsy shows she was under the influence of alcohol.
Maryland's middle class is the highest paid in the country, with an average income of $72,483. Alaska is second, followed by New Jersey with $70,165 and Hawaii with $67,500. Hawaii and the District of Columbia have the lowest paid middle class citizens .
Iain Mackay, 40, from Stornoway, Scotland, bled to death in Hua Hin, 125 miles south-west of Bangkok. Thai police said he was in a rage when he cut himself with a piece of glass in a shop. Friends claim he clashed with another man moments before his death.
Supermarket beat major hotel, restaurant and pub chains to win the title of Britain's Best Breakfast. Mystery shoppers tried breakfasts at restaurants, pubs and hotels nationwide to name Morrisons the winner. Supermarket chain offers a variety of breakfast options nationwide .
One in five young professionals now considers themselves to have a problem with alcohol, survey finds. Nearly half of young workers think it is acceptable to regularly get drunk on a night out . One in 20 admitted to driving themselves home drunk and one in ten said they have got in a car with someone they knew was intoxicated.
Le Femme, in New Jersey, offers training to those undergoing sex change operations or cross-dressers. Mother-of-three Ellen Weirich dedicates her life to helping 'trans' women feel confident and comfortable in skin.
Marina Yamkovskaia, 39, specializes in creating life-like bird dolls and says she can't keep up with orders. On her website all of the critters appear to have sold out except for one $399 fluffy owl named Leo. Photographs show him relaxing in bed and teetering on a twig.
Eight of those whose sentences were commuted were serving terms of life in prison. Effort is aimed at reducing harsh sentences for those who faced outdated guidelines at their time of sentencing and would be serving shorter punishments today.
Victor Sena Blood-Dzraku will be served with the divorce summons via a private Facebook message. The message will be repeated once a week for three consecutive weeks or until 'acknowledged' by his wife Ellanora Baidoo's lawyer Andrew Spinnell.
A 30-year-old Darwin man is accused of using someone else's employee registration number. He posed as a nurse for six weeks at the Aurukun Primary Health Centre on Cape York during February and March. Queensland health authorities are now sifting through patient records. They hope to identify which patients the man interacted with and what drugs may have been administered .
Nicholas James Langan, 24, from Townsville, was arrested on January 27 at a beach in Canggu, north of Kuta, for smoking a marijuana joint. Also arrested was Hanung Pekik Hermantoro, 25, a driver for The Green Room Villas where the Queensland painter was staying.
Lance Lara, 10, from Fort Worth, Texas, was crowned world champion in his age group last year. One in every 15 bull rides across all age groups ends in an injury of some sort. His father TJ, himself a former bull rider, has entered his children into competitions. Bull riding is a multi-billion dollar industry in the US.
Jane Bacon, 51, from East Grinstead, West Sussex, booked 'final trip' to Sharm El Sheikh with husband Peter, 52. Doctors told her she needed an 18-week course of chemotherapy and she contacted easyJet to delay trip. She was told she would have to pay £176 to change her flights to avoid charges.
Kansai International Airport in Japan has never lost a piece of luggage since opening its doors in 1994. Staff places suitcases on carousels with handles facing outwards, making it easier for travellers to collect their luggage   .
Labour leader admits he cried when he watched the film Pride starring Bill Nighy and Imelda Staunton. He said as a 12-year-old he had a ‘big passion’ for the 1983 video game Manic Miner. Labour leader said he struggles with hand-eye coordination but was good at games.
Patent says personality could replicate the robot's owner, 'a deceased loved one,' or 'a celebrity' System would allow machines to download personalities in a similar way to an app - and download.
The New Jersey native bought the SoHo pad in 2007 for $24million. The duplex has two levels and comes with five bedrooms, five-and-a-half bathrooms and two kitchens. The sale, by Douglas Elliman, was reported by Street Easy.
The 44-year-old comedian is a part of Levo League's Ask4More campaign, which encourages women to request the salaries that they deserve in honor of Equal Pay Day on April 14. On average, women only earn 78 cents for every dollar made by men in the workplace .
Extremist group's first English bulletin aired on Tuesday on its al-Bayan radio network. Nine-and-a-half minute broadcast is hosted by a man with an American accent. It boasts of ISIS victories and 'martyrdom operations' in Iraq, Syria and Libya.
Taxpayers footed £135,000 bill to move 50 water voles from Somerset Levels ahead of dredging work. Environment Agency says it has a legal duty under EU-backed regulations to protect endangered species. £86,000 had to be spent on a 'wildlife survey' before relocating voles to new homes. Residents abandoned their homes after rivers burst their banks following years of insufficient dredging .
Kamron Taylor, 23, escaped from the Jerome Combs Detention Center in Kankakee, Illinois, at about 3am Wednesday. He beat a guard into unconsciousness, stole his uniform and keys and sped off in his SUV. Taylor was convicted of first-degree murder in February in the June 2013 death of Nelson Williams Jr, 21, and faces a sentence of 45 years to life in prison. A $7,500 reward is now being offered for information leading to Taylor's arrest, who is considered armed and dangerous.
Karen Davis, from Port Pirie in South Australia, flashed her breasts on Google Maps Street View. The 38-year-old was reported by police with disorderly behaviour and handed herself in voluntarily. A South Australian law professor has said that police acted 'outrageously' by subjecting her to an oral swab test. 'I think it's outrageous, but I know young juvenile offenders who have been questioned over certain things who have had the same thing happen to them,' Rick Sarre said. Police released a statement alleging the mother 'pursued' the Google car to make sure she was captured exposing herself, and that it was an illegal act. Ms Davis says locals are jealous of her antics.
On Saturday, Rosetta swooped to within about 8.6 miles (14 km) of comet 67P's surface. Probe was able to capture a four image montage showing the two lobes of the icy comet in incredible detail. Scientists hope to discover more information about the comet's interior .
Shadow Cabinet ministers branded industry leaders who signed open letter as members of '1%' Lord Prescott suggested signatories were 'tax dodgers, Tory donors and non doms' . Business spokesman Chuka Umunna suggested one, former Diageo boss Paul Walsh, should no longer take over as head of the CBI. Several signatories are former Labour supporters.
Holy Week marks the trial, crucifixion and resurrection of Jesus culminating in Easter Sunday. Festival has been met with mesmerising religious parades across five continents. Thousands of penitents have marched through streets in hooded cloaks while others have performed alarming religious self-flagellation. In the Philippines, bare-footed men with bloodied backs lie on roads being beaten with sticks and whips.
Albert Webb, 51, and sons Jimmy Chuter, 26, and Jesse Webb, 19, harassed pensioners with dementia. They followed people home from Post Office, demanding money for roofing work they hadn't done. Most of the victims were women in their 70s or 80s, while eldest was 97-year-old man. Trio jailed for total of eight years for 35 thefts.
Benjamin Astbury was born 12 weeks early weighing just 1lb 3oz, little more than a bag of sugar. He was diagnosed with necrotising enterocolitis, a condition where tissue in some portions of the bowel die. It means a hole can develop in the bowel, allowing the contents of the intestine to leak into the stomach, causing a very dangerous infection.
According to new research, Australian families will consumer 124.3million Easter treats this year. While Cadbury and Lindt remain the most popular household chocolate, some retailers are going above and beyond to create something truly spectacular... and mouth-watering. Victorian chocolatier X chocolate have created chocolate masterpieces inspired by renowned artists. Pâtissier Adriano Zumbo is selling punk-inspired eggs for $60 each.
Tyecka Shanta Evans, 28, was taken into custody Tuesday after her youngest child, 3-month-old Taliya Richardson, was discovered unresponsive at home last Thursday. Evans initially told police she had dozed off and woke up to find her daughter had crawled over a pillow on the floor and had a plastic shopping bag over her head. She later changed her story and admitted that she had left her two children home alone at 1am .
K-9 Angels charity fronted by Pola Pospieszalska, Anneka Svenska and Victoria Eisermann rescued hundreds of strays in Romania. They have re-homed at least 700 dogs in the UK and spayed over 2,500 in the country. Charities estimate there are between 500,000 and one million free-roaming dogs on Romania's streets. 'euthanasia' of dogs was legalised by Romanian parliament in September 2013 to help reduce overpopulation. WARNING: GRAPH.
Two long-time friends and their four sons traveled from Montreal, Quebec to Corbin, Kentucky to eat at the original home of Kentucky Fried Chicken. Brian Lufty, 52, one of the fathers who packed the four sons into a van, made the 34-hour round trip mission for his third time to visit the Harland Sanders Cafe and Museum in Corbin. The group of six completed the drive in three days crossing two Canadian provinces including Quebec and Ontario, as well as five U.S. states - New York, Pennsylvania, Ohio, Indiana and Kentucky.
Personal trainer Allie Dodds alleges Ashy Bines used her recipes in an e-book without crediting her. Ms Dodds said she was 'devastated' to find her work had been taken from her blog. Ms Bines admitted in a video statement that 10 recipes contained in her Clean Eating Diet Plan had been stolen. She said it happened because she 'outsourced' the recipe component to an unnamed nutritionist .
Calfornia Gov. Jerry Brown ordered a 25 percent overall cutback in water use by cities and towns in the golden state on Wednesday. The crackdown comes as California and its nearly 40 million residents move toward a fourth summer of drought with no relief in sight. State reservoirs have a year's worth of water, and with record low snowfall over the winter there won't be much to replenish them. Wells in some parts of the state are going dry as groundwater levels fall. The state government is also ramping up a water conservation campaign that will include billboards and radio messages through the end of June.
TOWIE star joined Nigel Farage on a boat trip in Grimsby to find out about general election plans. Essex told reporters the Ukip leader is a 'really, really reem guy' before boarding a boat. Ukip leader said he wanted to 'get our fishing industry back' Essex said: 'It means cool, wicked, sick. What does that mean?'   .
Researchers in Massachusetts believe a person's keystrokes may reveal a huge amount of information about their motor skills. They have created an algorithm that can tell how effectively someone is striking a keypad by analysing key hold time.
The 45-year-old politician said he met with doctors who told him chemotherapy and radiation have shrunk the tumor to a size where they can operate. Four surgeons will carry out the eight- to ten-hour operation on May 11. He will remain in hospital for 10 to 14 days and hopes to return to work as a councilor in September.
Olivia Palermo, who found fame on reality TV show The City, has teamed up with Aspinal of London to design a tote. The Marylebone TechTote features a built-in phone charger .
Cassandra Fortin, 17, was ordered by the Connecticut Supreme Court to undergo chemotherapy for Hodgkin's lymphoma in December. The state Department of Children and Families took temporary custody of the teen after she refused to undergo treatment. The teen and her mother argued she did not want chemo treatments despite the risk of dying without them. A judge ruled on Wednesday she must remain in DCF custody until completing court-ordered chemotherapy  .
Images show the city of Golmud, in the country's north west, as it succumbs to a sweeping half-hour sandstorm. It is the fourth massive sandstorm to hit the north-west of the country this year.
Sherrell Dillion has been given a place in the final of Top Model of Colour UK. The single mother-of-two says she has nowhere to live following a mice infestation at her home. Sherrell starred on Benefits Street alongside her co-star White Dee and wishes her nothing but the best.
More than 20,000 foreign fighters from more than half the countries in the world have joined militant groups. The number of foreign fighters worldwide soared by a staggering 71 per cent between the middle of 2014 and March 2015. Syria and Iraq were by far the biggest destinations, with fighters travelling to the region to fight for mainly IS but also the Al-Nusra Front. WARNING: GRAPH.
Marc Wabafiyebazu, 15, has been arrested for felony murder and his brother Jean, 17, was shot dead after a gunfight erupted during a drug deal on Monday. Their mother is Roxanne Dubé, the recently appointed Canadian Consul General in Miami. The boys had reportedly agreed to purchase two pounds of marijuana for $5,000, and driven to the house under the guise of making said purchase in their mother's BMW with diplomatic plates   .
Ava Ciach, from Geelong in Victoria, suffered from Sagittal Synostosis - meaning the two plates at the front of her skull had fused together prematurely restricting the growth of her brain. Ava, now six, had to undergo complex surgery in which she had her skull removed, smashed into pieces and put back together like a jigsaw puzzle.
The Girl In The Spider's Web, published worldwide on August 27, will be the fourth installment in the best-selling Millennium crime trilogy by Swedish author Stieg Larsson. The book was completed in November by David Lagercrantz based on a plot outline left by Larsson before he died of a heart attack in 2004 aged 50 .
Archivists at confectionery giant Nestle have assembled the images dating back to the 1970s. The collection includes eggs by much-loved brands like Caramac, Yorkie, Rolo, Toffee Crisp and Polo .
Ethel Rider, 87, fell from her bed at the Half Acre Care Home in Radcliffe, near Manchester. She suffered a broken pelvis and was left 'cowering' in pain after falling on the floor. Carers Susan Logan, 59, and Lauren Gillies, 25, failed to seek medical help and lifted her back into bed. Mrs Rider, who has severe dementia, was unable to tell anyone what had happened because she is mute  .
Letter was posted by airline pilot Jai Dillon, who was shown it by a colleague in the industry. In it, a passenger known only as 'Bethanie' thanks the pilot and the airline for 'allowing her' to live in Spain .
Ollie the Owl was snatched from the lounge area of the Admiral Rodney, in Nottingham, last month. Landlord Richard Stevenson, 32, received a ransom letter demanding a donation to charity for its safe return. The owl has already jetted off to Belfast, Benidorm and Tunisia.
On average, we rest our weary heads on our pillows for more than 2,500 hours a year. Synthetic fillings are the most popular type of pillows in the UK, because they are cheap. But which is a pain in the neck?
The tatty tarmac site overlooks the golden sands at Rhossili in South Wales, voted UK's number one beach. Visitors to the tip of the Gower peninsula can see the coastline stretch on for miles, surrounded by the rolling Welsh hills. National Trust bought the rundown parking spot from private landowners with the aim of improving it.
Father Damian Maria Montes belted out the 1997 ballad while donning his priest's collar. The audience whooped with delight as the judges sat wide-eyed in amazement. The Redemptorist Missionary claimed he had been singing since he was 16.
The mineral veins were found at a site called 'Garden City' on the slopes of Mount Sharp. They stick up from the rock by up to 6cm (2.5 inches) Scientists believe the bizarre network of ridges formed in Mars' wet past billions of years ago.
Mark Dawe, head of the Oxford, Cambridge and RSA Examinations board (OCR), said schoolchildren would only have a short time to use the search engine. He said most pupils now learn through search engines anyway - and teachers should test how students interpret answers. Campaign for Real Education chairman said idea would lead to a 'dumbing down of standards'
Reading University researcher has said that bees prefer cities to fields. The expansion of farmland has actually been damaging to bee population, according to the researcher. Wildlife sites in four English counties saw bee species decrease. Reading University researcher Dr Deepa Senapathi believes intensive agriculture is to blame. Climate change could be disrupting the relationship between bees and plants, she said  .
Promise Tamang turns herself into Maleficent, Angelina Jolie's character from the upcoming movie of the same name. The mother-of-six has been posting YouTube make-up tutorials for six years.
Alison Hargreaves, 32, was swept to her death in 260mph winds on her descent from the Himalayan mountain in 1995. Now her son Tom Ballard, one of the world's most accomplished climbers, plans to conquer K2 himself. WARNING: GRAPHIC.
Vijay Chokal-Ingam claims he posed as a black man to gain admission to medical schools in the late 1990s. He claims he shaved his head, trimmed his 'long Indian eyelashes' and joined the Organization of Black Students to get into medical schools. His sister Mindy Kaling told him not to move forward with the book because she 'strongly disapproves' of it. He says he was only accepted to St. Louis University School of Medicine because he said he was black in the application process.
Lotatoa 'Lota' Ward was diagnosed with a rare form of brain tumor in October 2014. The eight-year-old ran 33 miles just weeks before undergoing his fourth round of surgery on a malignant brain tumor on April 1 .
Roma gang accused of selling a newborn to childless couple for £6,500 and a car in Marseille, France. Mike and Carmen Gorgan, aged 27 and 28, deny human trafficking charges, saying babies were 'a gift' Six others are facing related charges in 'two thousands piece puzzle built around four births' at the centre of the scandal .
Justus Howell, 17, died when officers fired one bullet into his heart and another through his shoulder. Police responding to news of 'an argument' at 2pm had chased Justus down the street before opening fire .
Prince Harry will arrive in Australia next Monday ahead of his four-week stint with the Australian Defence Force. The royal's down under tour will see him serve alongside some of the country's elite soldiers in Darwin, Perth and Sydney. He will also spend time with Indigenous NORFORCE soldiers.
Robin Rinaldi demanded an open marriage from her husband, Scott, after he had a vasectomy. She's now written a graphic, tell-all memoir about that year and its messy fallout . Of her 12 partners, most are younger and two are women, one of whom agrees to a threesome .   .
The emails that resulted in the firings of two police officers and a court clerk in the city of Ferguson, Missouri were released on Thursday. Seven in particular are remarkably racist, including one that was previously released in which disgraced police officer Richard Henke says of President Barack Obama; 'What black man holds a steady job for four years' In the other emails President Obama is labelled a monkey, welfare recipients are described as 'lazy' and unable to speak English before being compared to dogs and black individuals are First Lady Michelle Obama is called a tribeswoman. One email, sent by city clerk Mary Ann Twitty to Captain Henke and former police sergeant William Mudd, shows President Ronald Reagan holding a monkey and feeding it a bottle  .
Kim Sears spotted working on wedding tan as she watched Andy Murray's match in Miami. The 27-year-old artist donned a chic off-the-shoulder black dress and toted a red handbag as she applied suncream .
Older people are more susceptible to emotions when making decisions over their retirement, scientists have warned. More than 50 per cent of pensioners panicked and sold investments during 2007 and 2008 global financial crisis. Research carried out by scientists at Texas Tech University showed those who did follow that path .
Sterling has already fallen nearly five per cent against the US dollar in the past five weeks. Sell-off could accelerate and spread to the stock and bond markets, analysts warned. 98 per cent of polls conducted so far this year to a hung parliament, according to a Liberal Democrat analysis .
Alan Spencer, 67, was tucking into his dinner when the pickled onion blocked his windpipe. He frantically tried to clear his throat and made his way to the door to get help from a passer-by. But he collapsed in his hallway and felt his life 'slipping away' .
It is believed the man, from Brent, northwest London, works in the military's post office. He could have had access to the names and address of all military personnel at home and overseas. He has been put on compassionate leave from his post, after MoD considered suspending him.
Typhoon Maysak was initially a top-rated category 5 typhoon, causing troops in the Philippines to be put on alert today. It is expected to weaken once it hits the central or northern parts of the main Philippine island of Luzon on Saturday or Sunday .
Triathlete Charlotte Roach, 26, from London, nearly died in a horror crash in 2010. She and her business partner Rosemary Pringle, 28, wore fancy dress for 40 days to raise money for charity. The Air Ambulance saved her life  .
Lishan Wang, 49, is charged with murder in the shooting of Dr. Vajinder Toor, 34, and shooting but missing Toor's then-pregnant wife outside the couple's Branford, Connecticut, home in April 2010. Wang was originally ruled incompetent in 2010, but he was restored to competency after being treated at Connecticut Valley Hospital .
Kristen Bieniewicz of Westland, the representative of her husband's estate, is suing Bassel Saad, along with another man who controlled the team and the soccer league. The figure represents $1 million for each of the 51 additional years he could have lived. Saad was recently sentenced to at least eight years in prison .
New York-based writer Danielle Page set out to ask every cabbie she came across to dispense their best piece of relationship advice. The drivers revealed their personal tips, life lessons and cultural anecdotes.
Greenstone acts like a beacon, or booster, to help messages move around so-called wireless mesh networks. It takes advantage of a feature that launched in Apple’s iOS 7 called Multipeer Connectivity Framework. This creates a network in which phones become nodes, and data is passed between nodes. Messages are sent securely, so individual nodes can’t read them and can be sent anonymously to avoid snoop.
Shahnawaz, 40, was returning home from a family function with his two sons on a motorbike when it grazed a car near Turkman Gate. Driver of the i20 car got into a verbal spat with him and started thrashing him with iron rods. By the time the family reached the spot, it was too late and he was declared dead .
Italian photographer Giovanna Griffo was in Iceland to capture the Northern Lights in all their glory. The 42-year-old led a group of her students to Vik and Hella in the south of Iceland where they were fortunate enough to be blown away by what is said to have been the strongest geomagnetic storm in the current  solar cycle.
Corporal Mark Donaldson VC is one of Australia's most highly decorated soldiers. He was awarded the Victoria Cross for his bravery in Afghanistan in 2008. Corporal Donaldson was part of an elite Special Air Services unit ordered to assassinate a Taliban warlord who had boasted that he intended to kill Prince Harry. In 2013 he revealed how the SAS regiment had uncovered a Taliban fighter codenamed Javelin in Afghanistan. He claims to have shot and killed the warlord in Perth, Western Australia.
Current and former female agents spoke out to the New York Times on Sunday to renounce depictions of CIA women on TV shows and in movies. The group of women say they are nothing like the honey-pots on these shows who use their sexuality to ensnare terrorists and drown PTSD with booze and pills. Retired CIA officer Sandra Grimes, 69, who helped expose her colleague Aldrich Ames as a Russian double agent, says she sees nothing of herself in the characters  .
Peter Tarsey and his wife, Jean, both 77, were found shot dead in each other's arms on a sofa in Xalo, near Benidorm. They were found covered in a green raincoat and each killed with a single bullet in a double murder of 'terrible cruelty' Friend, Ann, said: 'I knew something was wrong as soon as we got there. What we found was like something out of your worst nightmare' A murder investigation has been launched by police.
The Research Vessel Flip has been used by the US Office for Naval Research for more than 50 years. It is used to measure underwater acoustics as well as water temperature. The vessel can accommodate five crew and up to eleven researchers for up to 30 days  .
Developers in Boston have worked with global emergency response teams to create its One-Touch-911 app. Users can call the police, fire service, report a car crash or seek medical help at the press of a button. Each call is placed with the phone's GPS location, user details and any pre-entered medical information attached. The app can be used in 135 countries worldwide .
Photographer Seth Casteel's new book, Underwater Babies, will be released on April 7. He photographed 750 babies in ten states to create the 70-page book. He hopes to use the pictures to promote water safety for toddlers  .
Darcy Atkinson, two, died of brain injuries in December 2012. He was covered in bruises and had traces of the stimulant Ritalin in his system when he died. The toddler was in the care of his mother's boyfriend Adam Taylor at the time of his death. Dr Barry Wilkins told the inquest that Darcy had been 'caned or whipped' Dr Wilkins described the injuries the toddler sustained as 'tram-line marks' on his head .
The body of Anna Ragin, believed to be a hoarder, was found in a house in the Richmond area of San Francisco. The house was said to have been crawling with rats, black widow spiders, dog feces and urine. Police described it as the worst case of hoarding they had seen.
Residents in San Bernardino County in California were forced to flee their homes after a controlled burn went out of control. The fire started in the Mojave Narrows Park between Apple Valley and Victorville but spread due to high winds. More than 200 firefighters battled the blaze which threatened several outlying ranches but no homes were damaged  .
Caleb Benn, a Californian high school student, has developed a $4.99 (£3.24) app for iOS devices. Called 'Uploader for Instagram', it allows users to upload photos to Instagram directly from their computer. Facebook has strict restrictions against using its API.
Mike Holpin has three 48in widescreen televisions dotted around his Monmouthshire council house. Each connected to his three £450 PS4 consoles all funded by his state handouts. His 40 children by 20 women have cost the taxpayer more than £4million in benefits and care costs. At least 16 of his children have been taken into care by social services and 16 taken off him and their mothers. He says: 'I helped them by having sex with her. For all my sins I have done one or two'
Italian Glamour: The Essence of Italian Fashion, From the Postwar Years to the Present Day, captures the evolution of Mediterranean style through 300 iconic dresses and archived images. The book was compiled by Enrico Quinto and Paolo Tinarelli - the two men who were the first to introduce the concept of vintage style in Italy.
Michael Brelo goes on trial on Monday charged with two counts of voluntary manslaughter for the deaths of Timothy Russell, 43, and Malissa Williams, 30. He is the lone officer among the 13 who fired their weapons that night who is charged criminally because prosecutors say he stood on the hood and opened fire four seconds after the other officers had stopped shooting. A judge - not a jury - will decide whether Brela is guilty or innocent. He faces a maximum sentence of 25 years if convicted  .
Ukip has seen its support slump from 16.75 per cent in November to just 12.25 per cent today. But Nigel Farage said he expects to recover momentum in the run-up to the election. Key campaign issues like EU membership are now 'back in play' with voters, the Ukip leader said today  .
Victoria Police arrested 35-year-old Abijath Desikan following the 7.5 hour siege at Riverside Quay. Mr Desikan was charged with one count of armed robbery, false imprisonment and assault with a weapon. The man, of no fixed address, was remanded in custody to appear in Melbourne Magistrates' Court tomorrow morning. The siege came to an end just before 5.30am this morning when police entered the restaurant .
The Facebook page of the so-called Disciples of the New Dawn has sparked an internet firestorm as thousands of mothers share and comment on the group's anti-cesarean memes. The community, led by Father Patrick Embry, is using the images to encourage fellow Christians to shame 'lazy' and 'negligent' mothers who have undergone C-sections.
Alexis Tsipras met the Russian President in Moscow yesterday and struck potential deals. The pair agreed a package of investment in energy and other projects. Greece has not received bailout funds since Syriza took power in January and could run out of money within weeks. Greece's government handed list of reforms it must carry out.
The couple, known only as Jamie and Dawn, were appearing on The Jeremy Kyle Show. Jamie had refused to take one of the show's famous lie detector tests. Dawn then storms out, screeching: 'I'm out of here!'
Gerry Adams sparked outrage by suggesting that incidents like Jean McConville’s murder happened ‘in every single conflict’. Comments have angered relatives of 37-year-old who was taken by masked gang from her Belfast home.
The ring, located 12 billion light years away, is an illusion created by the chance alignment of two distant galaxies. The striking circular structure is a rare manifestation of gravitational lensing predicted by Albert Einstein in his theory of relativity.
Unnamed Pizza Hut employee shared his doctor's note with a friend, who posted it on Reddit. The doctor's letter criticises the firm for 'wasting his time' and says 'there are surely better ways of wasting your tax dollars'
Billy-Anne Huxham, 18, was forced into a car outside a Caboolture home on Tuesday morning. She was reportedly attacked with a machete and taken from her home at gunpoint. Detectives are searching for Carl Garry Chapman, 32, who is believed to be the victim's former boyfriend .
Nicola Sturgeon has said she is prepared to work with Labour to put Miliband in Number 10. SNP leader said she will fight for as much power for Scotland as she can get. SNP projected to win more than 40 seats in Scotland at the election  .
Goldfish weighing up to 2kg and koi carp up to 8kg and one metre in length are invading Western Australia's waterways. Introduced species are also bringing exotic parasites and disease with them. Pet owners who have dumped their aquarium fish in rivers are the culprits behind the invasion. The problem is not unique to Australia  .
Scientists believe the first complex conversation between humans gradually took place around 50,000 to 100,000 years ago. Much of it, they believe, still involved cavemen grunting, or hunter-gatherers mumbling and pointing. Professor Shigeru Miyagawa, of Massachusetts Institute of Technology, argues that language developed rapidly with people quickly using complex sentences that sound like ours.
Animal Liberation Victoria activists broke into Wagner's Poultry Farm in Coldstream, Victoria in March. They found hens in such a bad state that they had to be removed from the cages by the activists. Two weeks earlier government health officials inspected the farm but gave it the all clear. The owner of the 6000-bird farm has denied claims that the animals are neglected.
Kevin Blandford won the Caribbean getaway through his workplace. His wife, Bonnie, couldn't join him because she stayed home to care for their six-month-old daughter. The 33-year-old's photo album has gone viral with more than two million views on Imgur .
A University of Nebraska researcher has revealed why stress is bad for you in a video. Limited periods of stress are good, as they release the hormone cortisol. This is useful in helping you recover from very tense situations. But too much will lower your immune system and make your bones fragile. The science of stress was explained in the video by Dr Raychelle Burks. In it she reveals why prolonged periods ofstress - due to money and work - can inhibit the immune system.
London Mayor said Labour leader was 'hostile' to people who wanted to own their own home. Claimed Ukip wanted to turn the clock back to the 1950s and Greens wanted a return to the bronze age. Joked the Tories were the party of 'kitchen ownership' while Labour was party of kitchen concealment.
Seven out of 10 business chiefs at Britain's biggest companies think Miliband would be a 'catastrophe' for Britain. Poll of FTSE 100 chairman reveals overwhelming support for David Cameron to remain PM. Comes days after 100 company bosses signed letter warning against Labour.
The rise of the young adult heroine has prompted a backlash on Twitter, as more people compare the fictional portrayals with the mediocrity of their own lives. Young adults have taken to the social media site to hilariously voice their frustrations between the fantastical lives in the pages of books and in films .
Prime Minister vows to 'do more' to respond to concerns about immigration. Warns it is 'not the time to send a message or make a protest' in the run-up to the election. Latest polls put Tories and Labour virtually neck and neck with 34% of the vote.
Robert Dellinger, 54, was sentenced on Thursday to two four-and-a-half to ten year sentences that are to be served consecutively in the December 2013 deaths of Amanda Murphy, 24, who was 8 months pregnant, and her fiance, 29-year-old Jason Timmons. Prosecution claimed he deliberately drove his vehicle head-on into the couple's car because he was depressed and wanted to kill himself. During the second day of the sentence hearing, he was given credit for the 15 months he has spent in jail since the crash, which means he could be released in less than eight years  .
Kyle Kandrick was suspended from the Maaco auto body shop in Hagerstown, Maryland after Ella May Rudd posted the voicemail on Facebook. Kandrick called Rudd's husband after she left a scathing review on the shop's Facebook page. He said: 'I was just personally attacked by your wife on Facebook, and I don't appreciate it at all, pal'  .
Angela Postle, from Maroochydore in southeast Queensland, stumbled upon the bizarre spectacle last month. The mother-of-five sent the fruit of to Queensland Environmental Health Branch for testing. But their first round of scientific tests were to no avail and will take a month .
Kira Hollis weighed just 6st at the time doctors diagnosed her with borderline personality disorder. The 27-year-old had been self-harming and experienced from aggressive outbursts. Doctors ordered her to go to the gym in a bid to gain some weight. There, she turned her life around and is now a trainer.
Dozens of items from entertainer's estate will go under the hammer in New York. Memorabilia includes plaque commemorating installation of The Monkees' star on Hollywood Boulevard. Also included are a pair of record awards - one Gold and one Platinum for album 'Then and Now…The Best'
Steve Tempest-Mitchell, 56, from Bradford, West Yorkshire, lost a whopping 16st after gastric bypass surgery. The father-of-three said he decided to go through with the operation after hitting 32st and struggling to control diabetes. The operation caused his stomach to shrink to size.
First phase of Disney's Polynesian Villas & Bungalows unveiled. Opulent overwater villas have two bedrooms, two bathrooms and private plunge pool. Each bungalow sleeps up to eight people and offers a view of the lagoon .
PM insists Coalition has spent five years 'trying to lift people up' by making work pay and encouraging responsibility. Comes as another senior Tory, chief whip Michael Gove, claims Christians in Britain are being dismissed with condescension and suspicion. Church provoked row with ministers by publishing guide to how to 'approach election'
Ashley Johnston, 28, was shot in February in Rojava, near the Turkish border, while fighting with the Kurdish People's Protection Units (YPG) He was given a heroes send off in Macquarie Park, Sydney, on Thursday morning. His mother Amanda Johnston had no idea her son was at war in the Middle East until she learnt of his death and paid tribute to him .
Luke Shambrook was last seen leaving Candlebark Campground in Fraser National Park at 9.30am on Good Friday. The 11-year-old has been missing for two nights in a Victorian national park. Luke has limited speech and his family says he is probably confused. He may not even know he is lost and is known to hide, according to his family. Search crews have rushed to location.
At least 55 carcasses were found in the Coonarr area, near Bundaberg, on Tuesday. A joint RSPCA and Queensland Police taskforce is now investigating the grim find. It's understood the dogs were killed before a Four Corners special .
The gunman, who has not been identified, had sparked security concerns at Universal Studios last week. He was escorted off the premises after vandalizing his ex-girlfriend's car days earlier. But despite court orders he was spotted near the water slides, where he shot himself dead in front of children and families.
Elizabeth Stewart, Jeanann Williams and Cristina Elrich all made Hollywood Reporter's top 10. Stewart is credited with styling Cate Blanchett, Sandra Bullock and Amanda Seyfried. Elrich styles Margot Robbie, Penelope Cruz, Jessica Biel and Girls star Allison Williams  .
The four-bedroom home near Auckland attracted plenty of interest after its sellers put it on the market at such a low price. The house was listed by its former owners with just a $1 reserve, despite its million-dollar price-tag. New owners Donald and Jenny Gibbs said the deal was too good to pass up. Houses in Australia sold for $125,000 are hard to find.
The four-day Easter long weekend will be extended by an hour when clocks go back an hour at 3am on Sunday. The time change affects all states except Queensland, the Northern Territory and Western Australia. Clocks will spring forward again on October 4.
Stephanie Fragoso was cited on Wednesday, April Fools' Day, after she was stopped by a Nevada Highway Patrol trooper. The state released distracted driving statistics as part of its campaign to have zero driving fatalities in the state in 2015.
The big cat was seen at Kruger National Park in South Africa attempting to tackle the hefty mammal. The lion leaps on to the hippo's back in a ferocious display of power but ends up being chased away by its mother.
The woman and child were stranded in their vehicle in high water around 9:30 a.m. Friday on a rural highway in Lee County, Kentucky. The car was swept away and rescue workers lost sight of them. Authorities in Louisville, Kentucky, made more than 100 water rescues early Friday as a severe storm's persistent downpour flooded roads and prompted evac.
Superdrug has launched a range of creams with ingredients normally found in teenage spot treatments. The Clearly Youthful range starts at £5.99 and it is believed the range is the first of its kind on the high street.
Shares have performed nearly twice as well under Conservative governments than under Labour. Stock market returns have averaged 16 per cent a year under Tories compared with 9 per cent under Labour . Figures are a further boost for David Cameron and George Osborne ahead of the general election on May 7 .
Bentley design chief Luc Donckerwolke thought the new Lincoln Continental shared too many similarities with the Bentley Flying Spur. The side windows of the vehicles look similar and both models have chrome trim around their windows and rears. The Flying Spur sells for about $200,000 and has an eight-speed transmission.
Hugo Mbaeri, 25, allegedly handed over customer names, account details and signatures to gang of fraudsters. He is on trial for fraud by abuse of position and conspiracy to commit fraud at the Old Bailey. Seven others are accused of using their accounts to siphon the funds away from victims' bank accounts .
Choupette is a three-year-old Birman cat and the pride, joy, and slightly disturbing obsession, of Lagerfeld. Last year, the French sensation clawed in over £2 million in fees, outstripping Cara Delevingne.
Campaign chiefs attempted to rebuff a letter from 100 business leaders that criticised the party. They called for a Labour government signed by people 'from all walks of life' But within hours the plan was in chaos as it was found the signatories included a benefit fraudster and trade unionists. One signatories identified herself as someone who had 'worked on a zero hours contract'
Erica Ann Ginneti, 35, a married mother of three from Philadelphia, pleaded guilty in December to institutional sexual assault and disseminating sexually explicit materials to a minor. The former math and calculus teacher at Lower Moreland Township School District had been facing seven to 14 years in prison, but on Friday Judge Garrett Page sentenced her to 3-23 months, including the first 30 days in jail and the next 60 on house arrest. She also faces three years’ probation, 100 hours of community service and will have to register as a sex offender for the next 25 years. The judge chastised her for sending her male student explicit photos and videos of herself.
The Hunger Games film franchise has grossed over $2 billion after three movies. The Avengers garnered $1.5 billion with just one film in 2012, and there are three more sequels to come. Sandra Bullock topped Forbes' list of the highest-earning actresses in 2014 with Gravity .
Derek Lowe, 38, and Tina Lowe, 33, were hit shortly before 10am on Sunday in Durham, North Carolina. Amtrak train No. 80 was headed from Charlotte to New York City when the accident occurred on property owned by Norfolk-Southern  .
The 10th-floor penthouse at The London West Hollywood hotel is set to open on May 18. The master bedroom suite includes a contemporary king-sized four poster bed, with cushions and a tapestry designed by Westwood. Guests will receive his and her gift bags .
The latest huge land mass is 1.5 square miles (four square kilometres) in size and was created by dumping sand on live coral reefs. But this is just one of several artificial islands China has been creating in the South China Sea. Five islands have already been made, with two more in development. Experts have told MailOnline that the activities could be hugely damaging to local ecosystems. China has supposedly been carrying out the land reclamation in order to build airstrips and other structures in region.
Around 75 people were inside the Korean Union United Methodist Church in Rahway, New Jersey, when the ceiling collapsed. Thirteen people had minor injuries and one woman suffered a serious head laceration. The cause of the collapse is currently being investigated  .
Cody Neatis, from Preston, has Down's syndrome, epilepsy, autism and is fed by a tube. He was admitted to Royal Preston Hospital last Thursday with a chest infection. But instead of a bed in the children's ward, he has had to sleep on a mattress on the floor. The hospital does not have the specialist high-sided cot he needs to keep him safe in his sleep  .
Indiana lawmakers unveiled this morning an amendment to its already-in-effect law clarifying that no one will 'be able to discriminate against anyone at any time' The Arkansas legislature was also poised to pass changes to its legislation after the state's Republican Governor Asa Hutchinson rejected its bill at the last minute on Wednesday following public uproar. The two, GOP-controlled states were in a frenzy to quell national outrage over legislation meant to satisfy evangelicals .
The mercury is set to rise steadily until Friday, when southern parts of England are forecast to hit 21C (70F) or higher - which would be the hottest this year so far. It comes after the washout weather of last week gave way to a spectacular Easter weekend. England, Wales, Scotland and Northern Ireland each recorded their warmest days of the year. Forecasters say a band of high pressure will keep conditions settled until late on Friday  .
ESA's Asteroid Impact Mission, or AIM, will be the Agency's very first investigation of planetary defence techniques. AIM will travel to a binary asteroid system – the paired Didymos asteroids - in October 2020 .
Robert Clark, 96, was a gunner in the Durham Light Infantry when he was captured by the Nazis in 1942. He spent the rest of the war in prison camps in Poland, before being forced to join the 'death march' in 1945. Now a great-great-grandfather and one of Britain's oldest surviving PoWs, he is blind, deaf in one ear and dependent on a wheelchair. More than 127,000 people have signed a petition calling for Brent Council to pay for a live-in carer .
Dr Lara Briden is a naturopathic doctor with nearly 20 years experience in women's health. She says PMS has often been dismissed as a myth in the past, but that new research has indicated a link between PMS and inflammation. Dr Briden says that PMS can be banished for good by adapting an anti-inflammatory diet. She suggests a no-More-PMS diet plan for women .
Many Christian schools give priority to families who regularly attend services, they say. But a group of vicars say it can lead to discrimination against the poor. They say the system is open to abuse and many oversubscribed schools reject non-churchgoing families. The comments sparked anger from the Church of England, which labelled their arguments.
Martin Vargic used satellite data to chart how the constellation stars have shifted and will change in the future. The Big Dipper, for example, will change from looking like a plough to something that looks more like a duck. Orion, named after the hunter in Greek mythology, will lose his head and the Crux will become little more than two parallel lines similar to an equals sign in 100,000CE.
A 19-year-old woman was changing in a cubicle at Aqua Vale Swimming Pool in Aylesbury, Buckinghamshire. She noticed a man looking under the bottom of the cubicle and kicked him. Police are appealing for anyone who recognises the man to contact them.
Paul Childs said he burst into tears when he was diagnosed with HIV in 2011 following a routine test. The air steward said he was infuriated by Nigel Farage's 'scaremongering' over foreigners with the condition. He said: 'You can't keep blaming a country’s problems on immigrants'  .
Liquid is called Shear-Thickening Fluid (STF), and instantly hardens upon impact at any temperature. Provides protection from penetration by high-speed projectiles and additionally dispersing energy over a larger area.
Photographer Hernando Rivera Cervantes spent eight hours waiting to capture the images of the Colima volcano in Mexico. Lightning strikes are thought to occur due to the build up of electric charge in the ash cloud as the particles rub against each other. Small eruptions over the past 20 years have been protecting the Earth from global warming, according to a recent study.
Anthony Clark Reed was driving around Detroit, Michigan, on Monday night when he was pulled over. The 24-year-old was handcuffed, despite complaining he had trouble breathing, before suffering a heart attack. His father claims police were indirectly responsible for his death.
Pupils at Riverview Junior School in Gravesend, Kent banned from running in the playground. Parents say children need to 'let off steam' during breaks. School claims ban is to tackle dangerous 'chasing'
Traditional Easter eggs have undergone a dramatic makeover this year. From yeast-flavoured chocolate to an egg made from 300g of Cheddar, here is FEMAIL's selection of the most unusual eggs you can try .
Hayley Okines became well-known three years ago when she was part of a documentary about her premature ageing condition. She suffered from the rare disease progeria which ages the body at eight times the normal rate. Progeria takes its name from the Greek word 'proeros', meaning prematurely old. There are 74 known cases of the disease around the world.
Traditional Chinese Medicine (TCM) claims all manner of ailments including back ache, poor memory and even cancer can be cured by the natural world. The pursuit of these traditions is the driving force behind the $20 billion (£13bn) illegal wildlife network, the worlds third largest elicit trade. South China Nature Society is challenging centuries of tradition by trying to change consumer appetites.
Brian Gemmell said spy chiefs ordered him to ‘stop digging’ when he reported possible paedophile ring at Kincora. He spoke out during a meeting with victim Richard Kerr, who claimed he was one of three youngsters trafficked from the home. Mr Kerr said he was molested by ‘very powerful’ figures in a Westminster paedophile gang. Campaigners claim his account provides clear link.
Carcasses of 55 greyhounds were found in a mass dog grave near Coonarr in Vera Scarth-Johnson Wildflower Reserve, north of Brisbane. The remains of the animals are scattered over an area of 200m around the reserve and no efforts have been made to conceal them. Police found a rifle and ammunition in a home in Bundaberg on Thursday. The 64-year-old woman is known in the local area as a greyhound trainer and when police issued her with a search warrant she put up a fight.
Julie Merner, 39, has been admitted to hospital 13 times in the last six years. Mother-of-three suffers severe liver cirrhosis and has been left with 'luminous' jaundiced skin. In January, she vowed to quit drinking and hasn't touched a drop of alcohol since. Taxpayers pay up £3.5 billion a year to treat alcohol-related problems, and that figure is set to rise.
Sensors at Argentina's Esperanza Base on the northern tip of the Antarctic Peninsula recorded a temperature of 17.5°C last week. This is potentially a new record for the warmest temperature measured on the frozen continent. However, the heatwave on the coldest continent on Earth has still to be officially certified by the World Meteorological Organisation to be certified .
Dylan Miller, a senior at Juniata College, in Huntingdon, Pennsylvania, decided for his senior project that he would live in a hut deep in the woods to learn about living with only the necessities. Miller built the hut out of fallen trees, leaves, rope and a tarp. There is no plumbing or electricity in the structure, which is about a half-hour walk from campus.
Two 17-year-old boys from Dewsbury, West Yorkshire, have not been in contact with their families for several days. One of the boys is believed to be a relative of Hammaad Munshi, Britain's youngest convicted terrorist. Munshi was just 15 when he joined a cell of Islamic fanatics targeting the Royal Family. He was jailed for two years in 2008.
The 23-year-old driver and his two adult passengers managed to escape unharmed. The blue Mitsubishi Lancer sunk to the bottom of the pool at Hinchinbrook in Sydney's north-west. The men told police they were driving along Partridge Road at 4.30am on Friday when they collided .
Liz Smith, 92, is spilling celebrity secrets that she never printed over the course of her 70 year career. She claims IAC chairman Barry Diller asked her in 1992: 'Do you think I should come out?' but that she advised him against it, saying: 'People are already afraid of you. So what will you gain? And also, you like women' She also claims that Diller 'worships' his wife Diane von Fürstenberg, who she says he 'hated for some reason' Barbara Walters lost interest in her when her newspaper column at the New York Post was cut, but still considers her a friend, she says.
Kyle Patrick Loughlin, who was enrolled at Bridgewater State University on an early childhood education course, was arrested on Tuesday night after reportedly admitting that he'd molested two boys aged between four and five. Police then proceeded to search his dorm room where they found more than 100 pairs of children's underwear and diapers. The student allegedly said that he started feeling an attraction to young boys as a teenager and he sometimes wrote 'sexually charged fantasy stories' involving children. Authorities later removed a computer and other evidence from the suspect's family home. He will now be held without bail until a dangerousness hearing next week.
Dalny Vostok was carrying 132 crew members when it sank in Sea of Okhotsk at 4am on Thursday. At least 54 bodies have been recovered from the freezing sea and 13 people are still missing. Rescue operation involving more than 1,300 fishermen and emergency staff is underway. Temperatures in the water can dip to as low as -2 degrees celsius.
Spanish expert, Dr Celia Sanchez-Ramos, has found the LED screens can harm the retina. In extreme cases, she says, it may even lead to macular degeneration, which causes dark patches in the field of vision. Children and the elderly are most at risk on account of their delicate eyes and delicate eyes.
After nine months of exploratory drilling, British companies found oil and gas in remote field. Bonanza could be worth billions of pounds and add to fears of renewed conflict over British overseas territory. Discovery at the Zebedee exploratory well comes amid worsening relations with Buenos Aires  .
The long-running motoring show took up first, second, third and fifth spots in the top five for the month. Four episodes in February were watched a total of 9,047,000 times while episode two alone was watched 2,645,000. Viewing figures come a week after presenter Jeremy Clarkson was sacked.
Sydney’s dwelling values rose by 5.8 per cent in the last quarter bringing the average median house price to $690,000. It's the strongest increase since April in 2009, according to the latest figures from RP Data. It comes after the Reserve Bank cut official interest rates to 2.25 per cent, leading to an investor fuelled market .
Duncan Hodgetts, 25, fell from the 14th floor window of the Executive Plaza building in midtown Manhattan. He was found on a third-floor balcony of the neighboring Michelangelo Hotel at 8.30am on Monday. It is understood the tax specialist for Ernst and Young, based in Birmingham, had been on a business trip .
Hakeem Kuta, 17, was on life support and passed away Saturday morning after succumbing injuries from the fall that happened on Thursday night. Police were responding to complaints of a group of teens smoking marijuana and loitering in the lobby when Kuta and the five others ran when officers arrived. He jumped over a three-foot high wall before falling six stories.
Professional wrestler Robert Abercrombie, known as Rob Venomous, posted the video online. Video shows him revving up the engine of his red Chevrolet Camero before pulling his son's front tooth clean out with the muscle car.
Brandon Afoa, 33, of Puyallup, Washington, was operating a tug to push aircraft at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport. The brakes and steering failed, causing him to crash into a luggage lift. The incident left him unable to use his legs or right arm.
Keonna Thomas, 30, was preparing to travel overseas to fight with the terror group, authorities said, but instead was arrested at her home. Authorities said that she communicated with an Islamic State group fighter in Syria who asked if she wanted to be part of a martyrdom operation. 'I can make that wish come true,' the fighter reportedly replied. Thomas' home, which had been under surveillance by FBI for the past week, had American flags lined up outside. She is charged with providing material aid to terrorists, one of the same charges filed in 2010 against another Pennsylvania woman.
Hay Castle is infested with deathwatch beetles burrowing in to its timber frames. A £5 million battle plan has been launched to repel the insect attackers. The medieval stronghold has a turbulent 800 year history.
Identical twins Marcus and Markieff Morris, who both play forward for the Phoenix Suns, are now the focus of an investigation into an aggravated assault which allegedly occurred in January. Police say the 25-year-old twins and three others assaulted Erik Hood at the Nina Mason Pulliam Recreation & Sports Complex. Hood, 36, told police he knows the twins from when he mentored them while they were growing up in Philadelphia and that he used to support them.
Keith Cameron, 54, persuaded Jonathan Speirs to part with a total of £476,864 in a complicated ruse. He promised world-famous lighting architect a £2million return on his investment in just two years. Cameron spent the money on a New York flat for his daughter and a string of extravagant holidays. His victim's family have now been left facing the prospect of selling their home in Edinburgh .
Mark Doggett has trained his two dogs to sniff out the destructive fungus in old houses. The animals' sense of smell is said to be up to a million times better than that of humans. Business has been so successful he plans to expand it.
A couple from Texas who celebrated their wedding in 2012 claim their photographer wrote hurtful racial slurs on the bottom of photo booth snapshots from the event. The couple, who does not wish to be identified, hired attorney Cathy Hale to sue James Evans the owner of Premiere Photos for allegedly providing a photo booth that printed, 'Poor N***** Party' The couple wasn't alerted of the photos until many months after the celebration when the bride's sister told the family.
Stacy Maitai had to give up her job in Perth in order to care for her son full-time. The 28-year-old is not eligible for further financial assistance from Centrelink as she is not an Australian citizen. The single mother says she is trying her best to keep food on the table but was given an eviction notice after being $4000 behind in her rent for her three-bedroom home, which costs $380 each week   .
Robert Dellinger, 54, faces 12 to 24 years in prison for the crash that killed Amanda Murphy, 24, and Jason Timmons, 29, and their unborn baby in December 2013. Prosecutors say he told investigators he was trying to kill himself when he drove his pickup truck across an Interstate 89 median and smashed into an SUV carrying the couple. He pleaded guilty in February to negligent homicide for the deaths of the couple, who were from Wilder, Vermont, and to assault for the death of the fetus. His lawyers want a sentence that would see him serve only about eight months in prison.
Gangs of up to six follow wealthy shoppers in the West End before stealing their cash and belongings. Metropolitan Police stopped two Chilean women wearing burkas after they targeted rich Arab tourists. They were spotted targeting rich tourists in Park Lane and Mayfair areas.
Gareth Shoulder has been recruited by the BBC to comment on the Election as a member of its ‘Generation 2015 Election youth panel’. The 24-year-old used his ‘@bbcgen2015’ Twitter page to make the disparaging remark about Mr Cameron and Ivan .
The money was collected from students at the University of Surrey. It was then submerged in agar - a substance that allows bacteria to grow quickly - and monitored for three to four days. The students found thousands of bacteria colonies living on their money. Most of the bacteria was harmless, but money has been known to carry dangerous diseases. One ten pound note yielded Bacillus mycoides, which is common in soil, suggesting someone was gardening before handling cash.
Brian Williams was suspended for six months in February after admitting he had lied about being on a helicopter that came under fire while reporting from Iraq in 2003. But according to a report in Vanity Fair, Williams started exaggerating his stories because he felt insecure following in Tom Brokaw's footsteps at NBC. 'I always felt he needed to jack up his stories... he was trying so hard to overcome his insecurities,' one executive told the publication, according to the report.
A Creme egg will take 19 minutes of skipping to burn off, while a Lindt bunny will take an hour of rowing to work off. A Kit Kat Chunky Easter egg contains 24 teaspoons of sugar at 95.5g, almost double the amount the WHO recommends in a day. Here, exercise coaches recommend alternatives.
Cryos International is moving its offices from New York to the Central Florida Research Park in Orlando. The new site is just yards from the University of Central Florida, which has an undergraduate intake of 52,000. The company supplies sperm online to all 50 U.S. states and 80 countries.
No one in Britain lives as much as 70 miles from the sea. Our coastline of 10,800 miles is longer than India’s. Popular television series explore it, gliding over the cliffs by helicopter as if in a dream. Coastal paths are never short of walkers.
Zaur Dadaev is accused of being involved in the shooting of Boris Nemstov in Moscow in February. The politician was shot in the back four times on a bridge close to the Kremlin, sparking a huge protest march in Moscow.
The bust was spearheaded by one male narcotics officer, who posed as a high school senior between August 2014 and March 2015. On top of the six arrests, an amount of cocaine, marijuana and prescription drugs Xanax and Tramadol was also seized. The two schools hit in this operation were Pearland High School and Dawson High School. Police have not released any further information on the undercover officer or his age.
Miliband says he will 'abolish' the 200-year-old rule for non-domicile status which allows millionaires to reduce tax. Labour leader claims they make Britain an 'offshore tax haven for a few' and can 'no longer be justified' But Ed Balls has warned scrapping the rules would cost the country money. He said: 'I think if you abolished the whole status then probably it ends up costing Britain money' Labour would allow 'real temporary residents' to take advantage of the rules - with time limit to be consulted on should they take power.
Seal cull even takes place during the animals' breeding season - meaning cubs are being left to fend for themselves. Fishermen given licences to kill more than 800 seals in Scotland this year. Outside Scotland, it is legal to kill seals without a licence.
The idea of another referendum on Scotland's future in the UK before 2020 was ranked 19th on a list of 23 policies. It comes after Nicola Sturgeon last night refused to rule out staging a second independence vote. She insisted an SNP victory in the General Election would not.
The film has established a new high-water mark for the month of April, blowing past the $95 million debut of Captain America: The Winter Soldier. It stands as the highest-grossing opening for any film in the Fast and Furious franchise and ranks ninth among the top ten.
Felix the cat has been missing for almost a week after escaping from his crate at John F Kennedy International Airport. The two-year-old grey tabby belongs to Jennifer Stewart, 31, and her husband, Joseph Naaman, 34, .
The Vasimr engine is being developed by the Ad Astra Rocket company in Texas. It uses plasma, an electrically charged gas that can be heated to extreme temperatures by radio waves and controlled and guided by strong magnetic fields. The next window is open from January 2016 to April 2016, and will see the launch of two more missions to the red planet. Nasa will give the company about £6.8 million ($10 million) to get the engine almost ready to fly .
Coronation Street bosses reportedly overturned a ban on cast offering their voices to radio adverts. Katy Cavanagh, who played Julie Carp on the soap, was reportedly given a telling off for taking on a job for the BBC iPlayer Restart adverts last month  .
Katie still regularly checks Kieran's phone and makes him tell her whenever she is going out. Kieran cheated on her with two of her best friends Chrissy Thomas and Jane Poultney. Couple recently renewed their vows .
Photographer Juergen and Christine Sohns captured the moment the bear let his prey get away. The bear was hunting salmon in the Brooks River, which runs through the Katmai National Park, Alaska. Sockeye salmon migrate up rivers during the spring to reach breeding grounds.
Zhou Qunfei, 45, has been named China's richest woman after her company Lens Technology went public. The self-made billionaire's company supplies protective window glass used in Apple devices. She was born into extreme poverty in a village in rural China. Her mother died when she was five and her father was made blind following an industrial accident .
Kevin Franklin's 15-year-old son Bradley is autistic and the family want to use his Christmas light show to raise awareness for charities working with those with the disability. Neighbours have sent him a poison pen letter calling him a 'pikey'
Misao Okawa, born on March 5, 1898, died of heart failure on April 1, aged 117. The great-grandmother had only celebrated her 117th birthday last month. She had lived through two World Wars, the invention of the television and the Wright Brothers. Gertrude Weaver, aged 116, is now the world's oldest person in the world.
Joshua Smith died after falling from a cliff and plunging into the sea in Berwick-upon-Tweed, Northumberland. He was plucked from the water by the crew of an RAF rescue helicopter and flown to hospital, where he later died. Police are not treating his death as suspicious.
Deputy Prime Minister is trailing Labour by 2 per cent in his Sheffield Hallam constituency. He won his seat in 2010 by a huge margin scooping up more than 50 per cent of the vote. Aides say he will be out knocking doors on Friday, Saturday and Sunday .
Colombian-born Manuela Arbelaez's mind was clearly somewhere else when she removed the wrong price tag during Thursday's show. The model and host Drew Carey both gasped after she revealed the true price of the Hyundai Sonata SE before Andrea had finished guessing. She described how after the blunder she broke down in tears and 'wanted to disappear' .
Jeremy Clarkson is now a green campaigner and Simon Cowell will be put on the £5 note, according to reports. Leaning Tower of Pisa is going to become a luxury hotel, the Telegraph reports. Tesco's trampoline aisles and Manchester United team picked using astrology, the Mirror claims. Police urge followers to vote for 'favourite' prison inmate to get them freed early.
Marian Carole Rees was 13 when she disappeared from Hillsdale in southern Sydney in early April 1975. The teenager often talked of running away from home and had said goodbye to her brother on the morning she disappeared. Magistrate Sharon Freund said the disappearance did not appear suspicious and there was no evidence suggesting suicide. The case has been referred back to police.
Becca and Dale Litchfield decided to give up their dream wedding in order to have one last shot at IVF. The couple spent £5,500 on two rounds of IVF and were overjoyed when they conceived twins Darci-Mai and Stanley in 2012  .
The emails show the very active role that Cylvia Hayes, Kitzhaber's longtime companion, played in his administration, as well as the tension that it sometimes raised with the governor's staff. Hayes routinely attended meetings, was copied on emails among senior staff and requested information or clerical assistance from state employees. The FBI is investigating and has issued subpoenas for records.
YouTube is set to offer an ad free, subscription-based service for the first time. The plan was revealed in an email sent out to YouTube Partners. It will offer consumers the choice to pay for an 'ads-free' version of YouTube for a monthly fee. YouTube will pay creators 55% of the total net revenues from subscription fees. The service is expected to go live in June 2015 .
Millie Elia, an eighth-grade student from Oak Mountain, Alabama, died following the accident at Mount Cheaha State Park around 4.40pm on Saturday. The teenager had been rappelling on Pulpit Rockpark with her family and a friend.
The prize porker had fallen into the pool in an upmarket neighbourhood in Ringwood, Hampshire. Two fire crews and a specialist animal rescue team had to use slide boards and strops to haul him.
Twitter has officially rolled out its ‘retweet with comment’ feature, which lets people annotate the tweets of others. The tool lets users embed tweets within their own messages, meaning that users get an extra 116 characters to comment on a tweet .
President Barack Obama's spokesman refused to give reporters an update on the status of the meetings or scheduling, saying he would leave those announcements to negotiators. But he confirmed that 'the sense that we have is yes, that the talks continue to be productive and that progress is being made' Speculation was swirling on Wednesday afternoon that representatives from the six countries, including the U.S., participating in the Switzerland-based discussions with Iran in were on the verge of making a deal as French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius rushed back to Lausanne .
Ian Guffick asked pupils at Mitton Manor Primary School in Tewkesbury to make changes to exam answers. The 31-year-old also altered a number of the pupil's exam answers himself before the papers were sent off . Probe by local education authority found some pupils had changed answers outside exam conditions . Department for Education annulled the whole school's SATs results after a probe by the local authority .
Southampton won the Premier League U21 Cup after beating Blackburn 1-1 in extra time. Sam Gallagher's stunning long-range strike won the game for the hosts at St Mary's. Ryan Seager had put Saints ahead before Matt Targett equalised .
Claudetteia Love, 17, said last week that she and her friends would not go to Carroll High School's prom in Monroe, Louisiana, because Principal Patrick Taylor had told her she had to wear a dress. Her comments sparked an outpouring of support from across the country. Now, Principal Taylor and Monroe City School Board President Rodney McFarland have reportedly told the student she can wear a tux to the prom.
The Prince of Wales was visiting the Rheged Centre in Cumbria as part of his work for the Campaign for Wool. He was there to inspect a photo exhibition entitled Herdwick: A Portrait of a Lakeland. Many of the photos feature a breed of herdwick sheep, a breed native to the Cumbrian landscape .
A total of 215,462 licences exist in New South Wales compared to 177,675 in 2010. Tamworth, 403km north of Sydney, was revealed to have the most number of firearm licences - 3259. Detective Superintendent Mick Plotecki said US's popular national gun laws and pop culture was likely to be driving the increase.
Deborah Hutton has added 'cookbook author' to her accolades. The 53-year-old media personality has released 'My Love Affair with Food' in collaboration with the Australian Women's Weekly. The cook book features over 40 recipes as well as some of her cherished food memories and personal photos of her favourites .
Beatrice Nokes, 21, faces claims she incited a ring of prostitutes operating out of properties in Central London. She is accused of running the vice ring with 37-year-old Met police officer Daniel Williams. The chemistry student is suspected of grooming three young women to sell their bodies for sex .
George and Amal Clooney have submitted plans for a 12-seater home cinema in their Berkshire mansion. A cinema room is now an 'expected' luxury in properties worth over £10m, according to property experts. Home cinemas can cost up to £100,000 to build.
Parents using social media to post obscenities, threats, offensive photos, sexually explicit insults and even covert films of teachers. A study of 1,500 teachers found 30 per cent have suffered online abuse by parents in the last year. This type of bullying is on the rise accounting for 40 per cent.
Labour town halls and MPs revealed to be hiring thousands of workers on zero-hours contracts. Miliband vowed to end casual employment contracts that ‘undermine living standards and family life’. His crackdown was intended to regain the political initiative after boosts for the Tories on jobs and incomes. But his crackdown backfired spectacularly as he forgot Labour use them. Freedom of Information requests reveal Labour councils are behind 21,798 zero-hour contracts. 68 Labour MPs had also signed up researchers and other staff on the deals over the past two years. Labour MPs said they had been told by the Parliamentary expenses watchdog to use the contracts in order to pay a living wage. A hung parliament could send financial markets into a tailspin and the pound and shares crashing. Sterling has already fallen nearly 5 per cent against the US dollar .
Boeing has filed a patent for a 'transport vehicle upright sleep support system' known as a 'cuddle chair' It looks like a backpack and fastens to the back of the headrest to allow passengers to sleep.
The company says it expects the new 'Artisan Grilled Chicken' to be in its more than 14,300 U.S. stores by the end of next week. The change comes as McDonald's fights to hold onto customers amid the growing popularity of places like Chipotle that position themselves as more wholesome alternatives to traditional fast-food .
Hundreds of people braved the snow for a traditional Easter Monday procession on horseback in Traustein, Germany. In Male Trakany, Slovakia, men threw buckets of water on women as part of the weekend celebrations. A similar age-old tradition takes place in Hungary where women give men coloured eggs.
James Robarge, 45, from Saxtons River, Vermont was sentenced in court on Friday morning for second-degree murder in the death of his wife Kelly Robarge. Kelly, 42, disappeared from her Charlestown, New Hampshire, home on June 27, 2013. Her badly decomposed body, with her hands and head detached, was found 10 days later in Unity. Robarge has served nearly two years behind bars which means he could be eligible for parole in about 28 years. Kelly's brother, Ron Prouty Jr., told Robarge he hoped he 'rotted in hell' during the sentencing on Friday.
During a talk in Washington today, the space agency announced that humanity is likely to encounter extra-terrestrials within a decade. 'It's definitely not an if, it's a when,' said Ellen Stofan, chief scientist.
Rudy Guede, 29, is serving a 16-year sentence for the murder in Perugia, Italy. Ivory Coast national's DNA was found all over the bedroom where Meredith Kercher was found. Knox and ex-boyfriend Raffaele Sollecito served four years for murder before being cleared last month by Italy's highest court .
Professor David Spiegelhalter, a statistician at Cambridge University, said a typical heterosexual couple was now having sex three times a month. This was compared to four times in 2000 and five times in 1990, according to research published in his book Sex By Numbers.
Natalie Fletcher's '100 Bodies Across America' project sees painted individuals blended into the likes of tourist hotspots, forests and ruins. Each work takes between 45 minutes and three hours to complete.
All of the 36 units at Redlands House sheltered accommodation in Penarth have been given the colourful treatment. Pensioners and neighbours say it looks 'more like a children's playscheme' than sheltered accommodation. Vale of Glamorgan council says it will help residents with poor eyesight find their way.
Louis Jordan, 37, released a three-paragraph statement on Monday in which he said he stayed inside his cabin to keep dry and avoid sun, wind, waves and sea spray. He said he set up a makeshift mast with a small sail to get the boat headed in a westward direction.
About 300 people took part in the demonstration and those who were arrested were released after they each posted a $250 bail. Scientists believe the site is ideal location for one of the world's largest telescopes because of its remote and sheltered position, nestled in a volcano.
Rurik Jutting appeared before a packed courtroom in Hong Kong on Thursday accused of the murder of two young Indonesian women. His case was adjourned until May 8 after the prosecution asked for more time. The former Merrill Lynch Bank of America employee faces life in prison.
Ronda Blaylock was just 14-years-old in 1980 when she and a friend took a ride home from a stranger after school in Rural Hall, North Carolina. Her friend got dropped off first, but Ronda never made it back home. Three days later, her partially clothed body was discovered in a heavily wooded area almost 20 miles away from the bowling alley parking lot where she and her friend had hitched a ride. She had been violently assaulted and stabbed to death. The man who gave her a ride that day was never found. Surry County Sheriff Graham Atkinson said in a press conference on Monday the man still lives in the area and they are close to him.
Diane McLean, 58, and her three children Rose, 8, and twins James and Annabelle, 5, lost 'everything but their lives' in the fire that destroyed their apartment last week. A GoFundMe account has raised more than $87,000 for the family. They're currently staying with friends after the fire .
The 31-year-old London flight attendant has undergone 30 body-changing operations, including four rhinoplasties, liposuction and six-pack implants. He is set to appear on the new season of the E! reality show Botched as a mentor for another patient.
Laura Alicia Caldero, 26, was arrested on Mamitas Beach in Playa del Carmen, Mexico. She claims she was arrested for suntanning under a palm tree on a beach reserved for tourists. Friends say she was removed when she refused to pay a fine of £70. Police say she 'assaulted a group of private guards'
Lingerie model Sarah Stage, 30, is less than a month from her due date. The animal rights activist has been making waves online with her series of body-flaunting photos as she documents her first pregnancy .
American Eagle Flight 2536 was scheduled to fly about 125 miles from Dallas-Fort Worth International Airport to Wichita Falls, Texas. Pilot told passengers that the runway lights were turned off and there was nobody at the airport to turn them on, according to officials in the city of 100,000.
Jordan Sim-Mutch posted pictures of stolen money and drugs on Facebook after targeting businesses. The 24-year-old was part of an armed gang responsible for 29 robberies and burglaries across Greater Manchester. He was jailed yesterday after admitting to a string of offences at Minsull Street Crown Court. Hours before he was sentenced, he uploaded a picture taken inside the courtroom of his fellow gang members.
Memories Pizza in Walkerton, Indiana, said it would refuse to serve gay weddings under new religious freedom laws. Owner Kevin O'Connor said he has temporarily shut doors after receiving abusive phone calls and online trolled. Comes a week after Indiana passed the Religious Freedom Restoration Act, which critics say will allow businesses to openly discriminate against gays. The pizzeria's Yelp page was targeted by those who disagreed with the O'Connors' statements, attracting hundreds of one-star reviews. Supporters have raised more than $440,000 for the pizzeria via a fundraising page on GoFundMe .
Pete Bennett won a dream £100,000 after coming first in the seventh series of the Channel 4 show in 2006. The troubled star says he squandered his prize cash on the animal tranquiliser ketamine. He is now homeless and spends each night sofa surfing .
Ambra Battilana, 22, told police Weinstein asked her for a kiss and then groped her during a 'business meeting' at his Tribeca office in Manhattan on Friday night. The next day she snapped a picture of her matinee ticket to a preview showing of Finding Neverland at the Lunt-Fontanne Theater and posted it on her Instagram. She also posted an empty glass of water from the Tribeca Grand Hotel, from where cops took the movie supremo in for questioning a short time later  .
Corinne Gump, 10, and her grandparents, 61-year-old Judy and Bill Schmidt, who were both deaf, were killed in a house fire in Youngstown, Ohio, on Monday. Her mother's boyfriend, Robert Seman, Jr., 46, was set to go on trial on Monday for allegedly sexually abusing the girl over several years. He was under electronically-monitored house arrest at the time of the fire but was taken back into custody on Monday after it emerged he allegedly tried to bribe a witness in the case. Corinne's mother, Lynn Schmidt, reportedly left the girl with her grandparents and went back to her boyfriend's home, even after she knew he was accused of sexually assaulting her daughter .
Charlotte Cobbald, 17, was visiting family farm in Acton, Suffolk, on day release from mental health unit. She was suffering from anorexia and depression and had lost around 20kg in 2013. Inquest heard she was a 'perfectionist' who wanted to be the best at all times  .
Party chiefs scrambled to shore up support for Ed Miliband after it emerged dozens of Labour councils and MPs employ staff on the controversial contracts, which he has pledged to ban. Parliament’s expenses watchdog rejected claims by Labour MPs that they employ staff only because they are forced to by the Westminster system. Unite also lost a humiliating tribunal ruling over an employee who claims he was sacked for complaining about being employed on a zero-hours basis. Labour chiefs engineered a letter, signed by 100 workers and employers from ‘all walks of life’, that was designed as a riposte to a letter signed by dozens of business leaders who backed the Tories this week. But the move backfired spectacularly last night when it emerged the signatories included benefit fraudster.
The London Book Fair Author HQ event is a three-day programme packed with seminars for budding authors. Experienced authors will be on hand to reveal how they launched their careers. Some bestselling Kindle Direct Publishing authors will speak.
Nick Cannon has signed and sealed a deal to write a tell-all book about his marriage to Mariah Carey. He already signed the deal last week with major publishing company Simon and Schuster. The book will be published by Gallery Books, an imprint of the high-powered publisher. Mariah rejected Nick's numerous demands for a $30 million divorce settlement so now he's writing the book. 'Mariah was willing to give Nick $10 million but he said 'hell no' and demanded $30,' a family friend tells the Daily Mail. Nick is being very vengeful, dating other women in public including Nicole Murphy.
Esa’s Rosetta spacecraft has survived a hair-raising encounter with comet 67P after the probe ran into difficulties during a recent flyby. On Saturday the spacecraft had dipped to within nine miles (14km) of the surface to take a closer look at the jets that are being ejected from its surface. But during the manoeuvre, Rosetta lost sense of where it was due to the amount of dust and gas and was placed into ‘safe mode’ .
Thomas Jordan Driver, 25, David Elliot Moran, 47, and Charles Thomas Newcomb, 42, each face one state count of conspiracy to commit murder. Driver, an officer at the Department of Corrections Reception and Medical Center in Gainesville, rural north Florida, had a fight with the inmate. Moran is currently a sergeant there. Newcomb was fired in 2013 for failing to meet training requirements. The FBI was alerted to the murder plot by a confidential informant.
Researchers based at different institutions in Tokyo, noted that rats flatten their ears, narrow their eyes and puff up their cheeks when they are in pain. They found that Long-Evans rats can read pain on other animal’s faces and use the information to make decisions. They may even use expressions to warn other rats of danger or ask for help.
Four-year-old Hudea was pictured late last year by photographer Osman Sagirli in Atmeh refugee camp. She, her mother and three siblings had been living in the camp since her father was killed in 2012 Hama massacre. But they left two weeks ago and headed for Idlib - now in the hands of Al-Qaeda affiliate Al-Nusra. It is thought the family are now in danger of becoming victims of a battle between regime and rebels  .
Rachel Chepulis, 26, and Wesley E. Brown III were arrested in North Bend, Oregon. She helped him escape from Lake Region Correctional Center, also known as Devils Lake, in North Dakota. Brown, 35, was awaiting sentencing after pleading guilty to being a felon in possession of a firearm .
The average British worker will sit through 6,239 meetings in their career, a survey has found. Of the 2000 surveyed, 70 per cent said they constantly zone out while in meetings. 60 per cent of workers said they find most meetings 'pretty pointless' .
Scottish illustrator Johanna Basford's Secret Garden has sold more than 1.4million copies. The book is the most popular in its genre and has been translated into 22 languages. The arty fad is said to have started in France where it was promoted as therapeutic hobby.
Apple Watch goes on display around the world on 10 April and people can pre-order it at 12.01 Pacific Time (8am BST) on this day. It will then go on sale on 24 April in the US, UK, Australia, Canada, China, France and Japan.
James Paul Harris, 30, originally was charged with first-degree murder in the 2011 garroting death of 49-year-old James Gerety. On Monday, a judge sentenced Harris to four years and two months in prison for involuntary manslaughter. A former girlfriend testified a year ago that Harris told her he shot the victim in the stomach, tortured him for two days, then cut off his head for some type of religious practice  .
The 60-year-old is facing charges over the funding of his failed 2012 bid to retain the presidency. He is alleged to have got the UMP party to pay off his personal fine approaching £500,000. Under French electoral law, Sarkozy should have paid the fine himself.
David Suchet is fighting for better treatment for those with rare diseases. His grandson Todd has the rare condition Tuberous Sclerosis Complex. He has criticised 'disorganisation' in the NHS for slowing down the process. Todd is the son of Suchet's son Robert.
Singer-songwriter Don McLean's original manuscript and notes to 'American Pie' have been sold at auction for $1.2 million. McLean offered the wistful anthem that asks 'Do you recall what was revealed the day the music died?' at Christie's on Tuesday. The 16 pages include the original working manuscript and typed drafts of the song, including tantalizing new details about the famous anthem    .
Mrs Clinton said she wanted nobody to know when she was going to the pool apart from one usher. There she would spend three and a half hours sitting on her own reading looking ‘heartbroken’. New book claims the Clintons did not trust the old fashioned White House telephone.
Discovery in an Austrian cellar shocked scientists in a country where cows dominate the rural landscape. Genetic analysis of the beast show it was a Bactrian-dromedary hybrid – a breed popular in the Ottoman army at the time. It may have been left in the town of Tulln for trading after the siege of Vienna in 1683.
U.S. District Court Judge Jon Tigar in San Francisco ruled that denying sex reassignment surgery to 51-year-old Michelle-Lael Norsworthy violates her constitutional rights. She has been in prison since 1987, serving a life sentence for second-degree murder. The surgery could cost taxpayers as much as $100,000. The ruling says it would be the second time nationwide that such a surgery has been performed on an inmate, an apparent reference to a Texas inmate .
Mystery man wandered into the London Embassy with no memory of who he is except that he has a daughter. Only clue to his identity is a distinctive tattoo of a flower on arm.
Lu Lu and partner Zhen Zhen mated for seven minutes and 45 seconds at Sichuan Giant Panda Research Centre. Average length of a 'romp' between two pandas is between 30 seconds.
Researchers from Texas A&M School of Public Health found that hospitalizations from car crashes dropped 7 percent between 2003 and 20010 in the 45 states with texting bans when compared to states with no restrictions. Arizona, Texas, Montana, Missouri, and Oklahoma are the only five states in America that do not have texting at the wheel bans. Older drivers are more likely to make texting and driving mistakes.
Victoria Prosser, 33, shouted: 'I have to speak out' as David Cameron tried to answer a question. Mother-of-two heckled him about homeless people who had served in the armed forces. She said she wanted people to question 'the 1 per cent at the top' of the party .
Karen Wakefield and her husband featured in BBC documentary 'People Like Us' about life in Harpurhey, Manchester. Mother-of-two refused to pay fines for taking daughter out of school for six days to go on holiday to Turkey. Mrs Wakefield said she doesn't like being told by teachers when she can go on holidays. She is due to appear in court and could face jail .
Daisy Davis, now eight weeks old, was born with Anophthalmia, which means 'lack of eyes' Mother-of-three Danielle Davis, 24, refused a termination when scan revealed a brain cyst. Daisy will never be able to see due to condition.
More than two-thirds of people taking antidepressants did not meet criteria for major depressive disorder. Antidepressants are also prescribed for other psychiatric disorders such as panic and anxiety disorder. 38 per cent of those taking SSRIs didn't meet the criteria for obsessive compulsive disorder .
Schuller died early Thursday at a care facility in Artesia, daughter Carol Schuller Milner said. He and his late wife, Arvella, an organist, started a ministry in 1955 with $500 when he began preaching from the roof of a drive-in movie theater southeast of Los Angeles. In 1980, he built the Crystal Cathedral to house his booming TV ministry, which was broadcast live each week from the cathedral's airy and sunlit 2,800-seat sanctuary .
Professor Bryan Sykes of the University of Oxford claims a towering woman named Zana lived in 19th Century Russia. Witnesses described the six-foot, six-inches tall woman as having 'all the characteristics of a wild animal' . She was found lurking in the Caucasus mountains between Georgia and Russia in the 1850s. Sykes analysed the DNA of her living relatives and found west-African genes. DNA evidence from Zana's granddaughter and the remains of her son Khwit also proved she was African  .
Hailo launch a piggy back taxi service and Kim Kardashian's bottom inspired a jelly mould. Marmite's psychologists say 'eating dark-coloured foods for breakfast can provoke feelings of negativity' Moorish Humous and Little Soap Company launch humous face mask.
Kate Winslet wants to install a boulder and gravel seawall along the West Sussex coast. But Natural England has recommended the planning application be refused by her local District Council. The actress bought the eight bedroom house in West Sussex in 2013 with her husband and three children.
A young boy named Gabriel was befriended by a brown bear at a North American zoo. The bear rubs up against the glass partition and attempts to bite him through the glass. The youngster's parents laugh as the bear begins to play with him and dance.
The four-poster oak wood bed was dumped in the car park of Redland House Hotel in Chester in 2010. It was later sold at auction for £2,200 by a four- poster bed specialist from Northumberland who spotted it on the internet. TV historian Jonathan Foyle has spent years trying to prove it is the only surviving Tudor bed. DNA testing on the bed's timber proved it once belonged to King Henry VII .
Amy Johnson, from Sydney, faces two assault charges and has faced court today. The 38-year-old mother allegedly grabbed a 16- year-old McDonald's worker by the neck and scratched her face. Ms Johnson claims the fries had fallen out of their packaging and on request to have them repacked, the teenage attendant did so with her bare hands. She has been charged with assault occasioning actual bodily harm and common assault  .
Justus Howell, 17, was shot twice in the back by an officer in Zion, Illinois, on Saturday afternoon. Police say he had just stolen a gun from Tramond Peet, 18, who was trying to sell it to him. Chief Steve Dumyahn said Howell was pointing the gun at Peet when he was shot. Howell's mother LaToya said her son 'couldn't have been a threat if he was running'
Restaurant owner Sandy Dee Hall, 34, and his girlfriend Maxine Cher, 24, adopted Smokey Da Lamb after he was abandoned by his mother. Smokey was born at Violet Hill Farm in upstate New York but would have died in the cold. City officials are now demanding that he be sent back to the farm.
The collection was amassed by George III and has been under lock and key for 200 years. The Queen declared herself 'stunned' by the collection, none of which she had seen before. Poems were given to the Hanoverian monarch in 1812 by the Shah of Persia in 1825. Letters from Rear Admiral Sir Samuel Hood written during the American War of Independence were also shown. digitisation of 350,000 documents will begin in the next few weeks.
A new infographic from London furniture company Made.com shows scientifically proven tactics you can use to change the layout of your room. Sleep experts recommended you arrange your room symmetrically, install heavy curtains and keep pets out of the room.
Cardiff-based car insurer Admiral said young job seekers are using text speak instead of proper words. 'U r a gr8 company 2 work 4' and 'Btw am out of work atm' are examples of forms filled with 'txt spk' Admiral employs over 5,000 people and is one of Britain's biggest.
Police went to a home on March 26 in Balch Springs, Texas, to do a welfare check and were told by residents that a two-year-old child had died and a 'rising ceremony' had been performed. The child's parents took the body to Mexico the following day and police are investigating.
IKEA claims new vegetarian meatballs will cut carbon emissions by half and save the planet. Veggie balls will be created from a secret recipe of chickpeas, peas, carrots, peppers, corn, kale and seasoning. Company now sells a staggering one billion of its regular meatballs every year in the UK  .
Natalie Whitear, 35, suffers from prosopagnosia, also known as face blindness. She is able to recognise objects, but not faces. Mother-of-two struggles to pick her husband and children out of a crowd - and walks past friends.
Mario Ambarita, 21, clambered into the wheel housing of the Garuda Indonesia flight which took off from Sumatra. The desperate reason for his actions was simply that he was 'looking for work' He was in a dazed state when he crawled out of wheel housing at Jakarta’s Soekarno.
Ukip said schoolchildren are being exposed to 'propaganda' from Brussels in bid to 'catch them young' Party said under-18s should not be allowed to vote in a referendum on Britain's EU membership. Comes as Ukip accused of performing yet another U-turn on its immigration policy after it ruled out setting a net migration target  .
Ben Elton took a swipe at Myleene Klass over her criticism of Ed Miliband's mansion tax plans. Comedian said she made her money 'showering in a bikini' and should be 'proud to make a contribution' Eddie Izzard, Joey Essex and Sally Lindsay also attended.
Leia, an eight-month-old Boxer from Pennsylvania, was filmed as she lay on the couch and latched on to a baby's pacifier. Each time she falls to sleep.
Simona Trasca, 34, said her latest boob job was so cheap her surgeon could not have paid tax on it. Plastic surgeon Marek Valcu claimed Ms Trasca's comments were defamatory and sued the model and TV presenter .
Stirling Council has ruled the hedge can stay, despite claims it has knocked £20,000 off value of neighbour's house. It is the final defeat in a battle that involved two generations of Audrey Alexander's family. It kicked off 35 years ago when neighbour's vegetable patch withered and died in the shade of her neighbour's leylandii hedge .
All elephants will be phased out of the Ringling Brothers Barnum and Bailey Circus by 2018. The animals will be taken to the Ringling Brothers Elephant Conservation Center in an undisclosed, 200-acre area of Polk County in central Florida. Some of the Asian Elephants will live out their post-performance lives in the center, while other will be used for breeding  .
Marc Benioff, the CEO of Salesforce.com, was one of the first corporate executives to react to the polarizing bill, calling it 'brutal' and 'unjust' He initially canceled all events and suspended employee travel to the state. Now he is trying to find ways to help employees who no longer want to work and live in the state .
A van carrying 12 people from South Carolina for a heavy metal show in Atlanta careened off the road Monday morning, killing three and injuring eight. The driver of the 15-passenger van 'apparently fell asleep and allowed the vehicle to leave the roadway, at which time the vehicle struck a tree on the passenger side' The van and trailer traveled 300 feet off of the road before crashing into trees  .
The Cheyenne Mountain Complex in Colorado was built in the 1960s to protect the North American Aerospace Command (NORAD) and US Northern Command from a Soviet nuclear attack. It is home to 15 three-story buildings protected from nuclear blasts and seismic movement by a system of 1,000 giant springs. The complex is designed to withstand a direct hit by a 30 megaton nuclear explosion and has 25-ton blast doors surrounding the complex.
Giant hammerhead shark swims in the shallows off Destin, Florida, chasing a fish. Two swimmers were shouted at to get out of the water by a group of men on a penthouse balcony.
Asma Fahmi was walking to her car with her family when they were attacked by three men from a balcony. The 34-year-old was with her sister and ill mother when they had hard boiled eggs pelted at their heads. This was the second time that Asma has been attacked in Sydney in four years. Asma came to Australia from Syria when she was just four-years-old and has lived in Sydney for most of her life .
Jo Gilchrist, 27, was left writhing in pain on Valentine's Day when a staph infection invaded her body and attacked her spine. She has been in Brisbane's Princess Alexandra Hospital ever since and doctors are still desperately trying to rid her body of the bacteria. Ms Gilchrist was told the infection had damaged her spine so severely she would never walk again and would be confined to a wheelchair for life .
The 68-year-old Pulaski County resident, who was known as Terrill Wayne Newman until Tuesday, told the Lexington Herald-Leader he doesn't expect to be elected but hopes the gesture will 'warm Galbraith's grave' His predecessor, who died in 2012 from chronic emphysema, gained a following for his wit, sharp dress sense and support of legalizing marijuana. The newly-christened Galbraiths filed paperwork on Wednesday to run as an independent candidate.
Genetic analysis shows that hunter gatherers living in Spain up to 8,500 years ago still had dark skin. It was not until 7,800 years ago, when the first farmers migrated from the Near East through Turkey, that two key genes that provide lighter skin appeared. that European's skin colour began to lighten.
Three men, two women and four children detained by soldiers at a checkpoint in Ogulpinar. It is believed the youngest of the four children is two and the eldest is 11 years old.
The U.S. Attorney's Office says 48-year-old John Zelepos of North Stonington faces up to 15 years in prison after pleading guilty Tuesday to tax evasion and financial structuring offenses. The restaurant owner may also be forced to pay a $500,000 fine. Prosecutors said he diverted just over $567,000 from Mystic Pizza's gross receipts into his personal bank accounts and those of family members. They say he then filed false tax returns to hide the income.
The 40 centimetre-long Philippine crocs travelled in custom designed boxes specially built by Melbourne Zoo to ensure they had a smooth flight. The arrival of these one year olds to the Palawan Wildlife Rescue & Conservation Centre in southern Philippines is part of a major conservation effort for the endangered species  .
Roads around St Louis, Missouri, flooded in intense downpour. Storms also hit Indiana, knocking down trees and power lines. Flash flooding reported in parts of St. Louis.
The 33-year-old and her husband Henry Hager already have a daughter, Mila, who turns two later this month. Jenna described parenthood as 'the biggest roller coaster ride there is' .
Cabinet Secretary Sir Jeremy Heywood ordered inquiry into claims leaked memo shows SNP leader wants Cameron to win election. Nicola Sturgeon claimed she was victim of Whitehall 'dirty tricks' following allegation she told French ambassador Sylvie Bermann she would prefer a Tory General Election victory because Miliband is not PM.
Camoji lets you record a GIF with unique filters and text and share it to your friends on Messenger. First time the world's biggest social network has opened their Messenger app to seamless integration.
Images capture work of Japan's 'lonely death' squads, who specialise is clearing out the properties of elderly people who die alone and go unnoticed by their families for weeks or months. Taken in Tokyo, the images show clean-up crews entering rubbish-strewn buildings where the lonely victims spent their final days .
Crystal and Kevin O'Connor closed Memories Pizza in Walkerton, Indiana, this week after their daughter said she would refuse to cater a gay wedding. The pizza shop has never catered a wedding before and has raised $500,000 on GoFundMe to cover the cost of keeping a low profile. Kevin said he initially shut down because he 'couldn't tell if they were getting real orders or fake orders' The news comes a week after Indiana passed the Religious Freedom Restoration Act, which would allow businesses to discriminate against gays.
Survey reveals that women regret their career choices more than men. Just under half (47%) of women aged over 55 expressed disappointment over their decisions, compared to 40% of men. More men than women regretted not dating more before settling down.
Reading on 'fright' decibels of rollercoaster at Flambards theme park in Helston will be recorded. Local planning council considers 480-house housing estate next door to popular Cornwall fun park .
Gabby Giffords and her astronaut husband were seen jetting out of Los Angeles on Thursday ahead of the Easter weekend. The former U.S. representative, 44, was accompanied by her husband, retired astronaut Mark Kelly, on the trip, and a young woman who carried several bags .
The Planetary Society analysed the feasibility and cost of a crewed mission to orbit the Martian moon Phobos in 2033. It concluded that such a plan could indeed fit within NASA's human space exploration budget - but that politics is holding the decision back .
The University of Sydney have been running a 17-week diploma for Year 11 students at Scot's College to skip their year 12 exams and 'buy' their entry into the sandstone university. The program was devised by the university's commercial arm, Sydney Learning, and students who completed the course successfully were guaranteed places in a number of undergraduate level courses. State Education Minister Adrian Piccoli has called the program 'unfair' and will be discussing it with the federal government .
David Bowie has written new songs and arranged older music for a stage version of The Man Who Fell To Earth. The 1976 film starred Bowie as a humanoid who lands on Earth in search of water for his parched planet. Bowie, 68, is not expected to perform in the production, titled Lazarus  .
Domenico Rancadore, 65, was given a seven-year sentence by an Italian court in 1999 for being a member of the Cosa Nostra. In February he lost his year-and-a-half battle against extradition and was told he must return to Italy. But today it emerged that the 65-year-old's case expired last October and his European Arrest Warrant is to be withdrawn. He will be allowed to remain in the UK after his sentence dropped.
Terry Martin, 48, shot his girlfriend Laurice Hampton, 48,. after she asked for half of the proceeds. But Hampton, critically injured from a gunshot wound to her chest, was able to call 911 about 6:30am Saturday to report the shootings before she died. The couple had known each other since childhood .
Kimberly Greenberg became angry and left her Santa Monica home to calm down on March 24. The 15-year-old has not been seen since and her family is concerned.
St John's College and Anthony Bethell locked in battle over unkempt hedgerow between properties in Warwickshire. Mr Bethell decided he would pay for work to restore ancient hedge, which marks boundary between his home and college. But he claims St John's has refused to agree and he has been forced to take college to court.
Dr Alex Russell has worked in the wine retail industry for over 10 years. He has completed a PhD on 'the taste and smell perception of wine' Dr Alex Russell shares his top tips for mastering wine tasting in four hours. The main skill wine experts have believes Russell, is an ability to put a name to the odour or scent. He says learning wine and its lingo is a whole other thing.
Amanda Beringer asked her brother Brad Fraser to make a toast at her wedding at Eagle Bay, south of Perth. Far from a conventional toast, Mr Fraser performed a song which poked fun at marriage. It was also a tribute to their father, Peter, who died of motor neuron disease 10 years ago, and a celebration of his zest for life.
David Rowles, 38, from Cwmbran, south Wales, filmed the stunt in Benidorm, Spain. The group of six were inspired by the Money Supermarket advert featuring 'Dave's epic strut' The men wore high heels from 1pm until 7pm .
Sydney couple Epiphany Morgan and Carl Mason produced one mini documentary a day for a year. The pair visited 70 cities in 35 countries and visited 35 countries on a strict budget of $40 a day. The couple set themselves a goal of releasing one documentary each day for the year .
Cynthia Lennon died at her home in Spain yesterday after a short battle with cancer. Yoko Ono said she was 'very saddened' by the news, calling her a 'wonderful mother' and 'strong zest for life' She added that she and Cynthia had 'stood firm in the Beatles family' Cynthia married Lennon in 1962 and stayed with him as he rose to global stardom with The Beatles  .
Jefferson County Circuit Judge Laura Petro on Thursday dismissed the case against Anthony Ray Hinton. The district attorney's office told the judge Wednesday that their forensic experts couldn't determine if six crime scene bullets — which were the crux of the evidence against Hinton at an expected retrial — came from a gun investigators took from his home. Hinton was convicted of two 1985 murders that occurred during robberies of fast-food restaurants near Birmingham. Prosecutors linked Hinton to the killings.
Bluey the cat has reached a maximum of 93 decibels - more than the official world record holder. The 12-year-old is currently in a rehoming centre in Cambridge looking for a new owner.
U.S. Treasury will be able to freeze or block assets of those involved in attacks on 'critical' networks. Obama said cyber attacks 'pose one of the most serious economic and national security challenges' He took aim at Russia, China and Iran as he revealed order.
Militants reveal plans to open a school of nursing in ISIS' de facto capital Raqqa. They also reveal tough entry requirements for prospective medical workers. Applicants must be at least 25 years of age, speak fluent English and be willing to work in ISIS territory .
New £3.7 million 'Skywalk' observation deck has opened to the public in Yunyang County, southwest China. The cantilevered platform in Chongqing has a 720 degree view from a vantage point that stands nearly 4,000 feet above sea level.
8,000 women in their 70s are diagnosed and treated for breast cancer every year. MPs are warning that women will die as a result of the screening age limit. All women up to 73 will be invited for screening from the end of 2016.
Laura Sumner, 24, ordered to leave Russia after being fined £23.50 for an alleged visa violation . Russian media reports have branded her 'Agent Sumner' and linked her to a revolutionary plot . She was researching Soviet rule from 1917 to 1921 as part of her PhD thesis . Nottingham University said she appeared to have fallen foul of a 'minor infringement in visa regulations'
Detlef Guenzel chopped Polish-born Wojciech Stempniewicz into small pieces and buried them in his garden. The 57-year-old was found guilty of murder and disturbing the peace of the dead in Dresden, Germany. The men met on a website for slaughter and cannibalism fetishists in October 2013 . The body parts were buried in shallow holes in the garden .
Former White House florist Ronn Payne claims Chelsea Clinton called the Secret Service 'pigs' as a young girl. He says she said it to a Secret Service agent who reminded her that it was his job to protect her, and that she learned it from her parents. Chelsea now runs the Bill, Hillary and Chelsea Clinton Foundation, which wouldn't respond to a request for comment about whether Payne's recollection is accurate. Payne's book, 'The Residence: Inside the Private World of the White House,' is based on interviews with more than 100 members of the presidential mansion's domestic staff. White House domestic employees said they heard Hillary 'clock him with a book' during the Monica Lewinsky scandal, butler Skip Allen said in the book.
A study by Kärcher has revealed six in ten Brits are too busy to clean their homes. One in eight haven't vacuumed at all this year so far; a fifth never polish or dust their home. A quarter have never cleaned their windows before.
'Well you know, Malia had asthma when she was four, and because we had good health insurance, we were able to knock it out early,' the president told ABC News’ chief health correspondent, Dr. Richard Besser, in an interview that aired on Good Morning America. Obama said he can 'relate to... the fear a parent has when your four-year-old daughter comes up to you and says, "Daddy, I'm having trouble breathing" The president said the health scare resulted in a single asthma-related trip to the emergency room but she now lives a full and an active life.
The money will go to Citizens Advice to fund the organisation's work helping those trying to cut their energy bills. E.on effectively overcharged thousands who decided to move to other suppliers after price rises. Regulator Ofgem said the penalty reflected E.ON's 'repeated failings' .
Pope Francis is presiding over a Good Friday torchlight procession at the Colosseum this evening. He is using the service to stress the persecution of Christians in the Middle East, Africa and elsewhere. Among those chosen to take turns carrying the cross in the Way of the Cross procession were faithful from Iraq, Syria, Nigeria, Egypt and China   .
42 per cent of those polled said they supported shale gas extraction, while 35 per cent disagreed. Anti-fracking environmental campaign group accused of trying to bury inconvenient survey result. Findings hidden in footnote to Greenpeace press release show greater backing for shale gas industry.
The bus broke down en route to the Stagecoach depot in Dover, Kent, so the driver was forced to ask passengers, colleagues and locals to give him a helping hand to move it.
Swedish model Martina Olsson claims she slept with Zayn while he was holidaying in Thailand . Zayn has been accused of cheating on four occasions, the first was by Courtney Webb in February 2013. The pair's union could be compared to that of Cheryl Fernandez-Versini .
Hannah Brierley, 16, thought her mother was playing a prank when she spotted the snake on a bath mat. She stared at it for a few minutes until it moved and quickly called for her mother to come upstairs. Her mother Karen Marriott, 40, couldn't get hold of the RSPCA so called the police to help. Det Con Craig Wallace used a pillowcase to capture the snake.
Pres Prescott, Arizona City Attorney Jon Paladini claims the lone survivor, lookout Brendan McDonough, heard the leader of the Granite Mountain Hotshots order the crew to leave a safe spot where the fire had already burned. He claims the order came just before winds whipped Yarnell Hill into a deadly, all encompassing firestorm. The revelation may change the outcome of a wrongful death suit filed by the families of a dozen hotshots.
US-based Barrick Gold reached out-of-court settlement when women threatened to file lawsuit in US. One of the women was a 14-year-old schoolgirl who was raped by police patrolling mine in 2010.
Tracey Cox gives her top tips on how to spot the dysfunctional people most likely to break your heart. She says that if he doesn't like himself then it will be difficult to form a relationship.
The United States' National Defense Reserve Fleet was set up after the Second World War in 1945. At its peak in the 1950s, the fleet consisted of nearly 2,280 ships moored across the U.S. But as the need for the fleet has diminished, so has the number of vessels . Today, just over 120 ships remain, posing a risk to the environment in the bays where they are moored, polluting the waters .
April 2 is Autism Awareness Day and Autism Assistance Dogs are a hugely beneficial form of 'animal therapy' They are used to keep a child with autism safe and are an incredible tool to help them develop social skills. The dog can provide companionship for the child, as well as social and emotional support for the parent to bring joy to the household.
Theia, a 1-year-old bully breed mix, was hit by a car, clubbed in the head with a hammer and left for dead in a ditch in Moses Lake, Washington state. Days later, the dog showed up sickly and covered in dirt at a nearby farm.
The patent was filed by the California-based firm in March 2011 and awarded earlier this week. It details a method of scanning a user's face using the front-facing camera each time the phone is moved into a certain position. If the scanned face matches a previously taken photo, the phone unlocks automatically. Android Lollipop users already have an almost identical feature known as 'Trusted face' .
The mother who crashed a car into a lake near Melbourne has been released from custody after being interviewed by police. Officers say Akon Guode was interviewed as part of the ongoing investigation into the deaths of three children. The children's Sudanese mother, 35, was behind the wheel of a grey 2005 Toyota Kluger when it crashed into the lake at Wyndham Vale in Melbourne's outer west just before 4pm on Wednesday. One-year-old Bol and twins Madit and Anger all died after the 4WD they were in plunged into the water. The heartbroken father of three siblings who died has since spoken out to defend the mother saying she is innocent as she is a 'good mother' The family with seven children moved from South Sudan.
Research led by the University of Montana has found that eating fast food after a workout may be just as beneficial as dietary supplements. Researchers found that during recovery periods between periods of exercise, it didn’t matter what food was eaten. Performance remained the same after resting for several hours. Levels of glycogen - used by muscles as ‘fuel’ - were actually slightly higher after fast food as a recovery food.
A beanie believed to have belonged to Luke Shambrook has been found on the fourth day of the search for the missing 11-year-old. Police have confirmed it was located on Monday afternoon, west of the Devil’s Cove and Candlebark campsite in Lake Eildon National Park - north-east of Melbourne. He was last seen on Good Friday at 9.30am and has not been seen since. A large search is being carried by search and rescue teams including the dog squad .
Fossils of a creature bearing a 'striking' similarity to depictions of Nessie have been found in a 19th century collection. Originally belonging to Cromarty writer and geologist, Hugh Miller, the specimens now sit in Inverness Museum and Art Gallery. Fossils belong to a species known as Pterichthyoides milleri - or 'Pessie' as it has been christened.
A small piece of glass was discovered in a Beech Nut-Nutrition baby food jar by a consumer- and now, the company is recalling 1,920 pounds of the product. The type of baby food being recalled is 'Stage 2 Beech-Nut CLASSICS sweet potato & chicken,' which is sold in 4-ounce glass jars, the federal agency said.
9 sections of the Great Wall have been found along the inner coast of the Yellow River in Gansu province. Experts say the new 6.2 mile-stretch means the full range of the Qin Dynasty Great Wall can be traced for the first time.
Danny Eckhart was intoxicated when he took the vessel out on the Tchefuncte River and smashed it into pilings outside the T-Rivers Bar in Madisonville. No one was injured in the crash. Eckhart faces charges of unauthorized use of a vehicle and operating a vehicle while intoxicated .
Luke Lazarus, 23, was jailed for at least three years on March 27 for raping an 18-year-old virgin in an alleyway. Lazarus hired Back Schwartz Vaughan - a liquor licensing specialist law firm, who lodged the appeal five days after the conviction. He also contested the five year-maximum sentence he received. Waverley mayor Sally Betts wrote a glowing reference for Lazarus 'out of loyalty to the family' Now the controversial councillor is developing 'a new risky behaviour education program' for young women  .
Labour leader prompted claims he was worried about upsetting his party’s ‘union paymasters’. In a special Election edition, magazine carries tributes from nearly every major party leader to people who work for themselves. No message from Miliband.
The owners in Huddersfield, West Yorkshire, began to experience problems when heavy rain started falling last autumn. Neighbours have also reported issues with drains, streetlights, cracks in front doors and loose fence panels. The family homes in the Lindley area have four or five bedrooms and cost £250,000 .
Mike Holpin, 56, has fathered 40 children by 20 different women and is engaged for the fourth time. Despite being set to marry, he still has an active online dating profile on Plenty of Fish . Holpin tells prospective conquests: 'I love my kids' in a brief biography on his profile . One of his youngest children, a three-year-old girl, was born after he agreed to help a childless couple have a baby.
Scientists at the University of Illinois recruited 150 children aged between seven and 10 and gave them a game which involved learning a pattern between a set of shapes and colours. The game was designed to test cognitive flexibility, which is our ability to shift attention, select information and alter our response strategy to fit the changing demands of a task. Children who ate the fatty diet performed worse when they were given the game.
Officer Aaron Stringer, of the Bakersfield, California, Police Department, allegedly pulled on the toes and yanked on the head of Ramiro James Villegas, 22, after he was shot dead by cops on November 13. A trainee police officer who was with him at the time said he then told her to lie about what she'd seen. He is currently on paid administrative leave.
Phil Smith, 25, scaled a fence to try to get in his flat in Cottingham, Hull, but fell and hit his head. The 25-year-old, who worked at a school for disabled children, fractured his skull and suffered a bleed on the brain .
The Typhoon is 49ft (15 metres) long from tip to tip and the material is 'no more than the thickness of a match stick' This helps its ‘fly by wire’ computer system to accurately control the aircraft, designed to be unstable but hugely agile. To counteract even the slightest shifts in gravitational pull, engineers build the jet on 'floating' concrete rafts. These rafts measure 59ft (18 metres) and 9.8ft (3 metres)
Leza Davies, 33, believed breast feeding had left her chest saggy and thought implants would boost her confidence. She saved up £4,000 to go from a 34A to a 34D and was pleased with her new look. Three years ago she was sorting through some laundry when she caught her breast on a door frame. She found a pea-sized lump, which hospital tests revealed was cancerous. She is now in remission after treatment .
The test was set for 14-year-olds in the Singapore and Asian Schools Math Olympiad. The problem, which tests logical reasoning, has been shared thousands of times online. Organisers of SASMO said the question was set to filter out the most intelligent participants. One man in London said: ‘I did not have a bleeding clue!’.
Iona Costello, 51, and daughter Emily were visiting Manhattan when they went missing last month. They were found at 3am on Sunday and are in good health, officials said. Police said they now consider the case to be closed. Mrs Costello's husband died in 2012 from a heart attack and she is believed to have been 'under a lot of stress' because of a legal battle with four of his five adult children from previous marriages.
Marcello Trebitsch, 37, accused of running a $7million Ponzi scheme from 2009 through December 2014. Brooklyn resident is married to Silver's daughter Michelle, who 'kept the books' of their mutual fund. Silver was arrested in January on charges he took $4million in brides and kickbacks .
Cheng Chen, 27, was inspired to make the iconic body armour after watching the film with his younger brother. He spent six months painstakingly researching and building the replica to the movie's exact measurements. The finished product is two metres high, weighs just 4kg and comes with helmet, gloves and backpack. But Cheng said he was too chubby to fit into it.
The Sainsbury's app is in development and will be trialled at a store in Wandsworth later this year. As customers scan their household items, a live pricing tool will show their list with current store prices. Prices will update automatically if an item goes on sale, or becomes part of a multi-buy deal for example. A receipt is generated automatically .
Frances Clarkson, 53, spent the Easter weekend with family and friends in Barbados. She sunbathed and drove a jet ski on the Caribbean island with friends and family. She has previously holidayed in the area with the 54-year-old broadcaster but the pair are said to have lived apart for years. Clarkson was sacked from Top Gear last month.
Sam Barton has had £55,000 of cosmetic surgery to look like TOWIE star Joey Essex. The 22-year-old was egged on Easter Monday by a group of men who pelted him with eggs from a car. He believes the culprits tracked him down using his Facebook posts and then attacked him in the street in Sutton Coldfield.
Amy Wilkinson, 28, claimed housing benefit and council tax benefit even though she was living in a home owned by her mother. She was ordered to pay back a total of £17,604 that she claimed over two years. Her grandfather, Tommy Docherty, now 86, was manager of Manchester United from 1972 until 1977. WARNING: GRAPHIC.
A wallaby has been caught on camera delivering a swift jab to an unsuspecting wombat who approached him while he was grazing. Shocked onlookers started filming the native pair at the Wilsons Promontory National Park, in southeast Victoria .
The election means that half of the six-member city council in Ferguson, Missouri, will now be African-American. The lone black incumbent councilman, Dwayne James, was not up for re-election. It was the first municipal election in Ferguson since officer Darren Wilson fatally shot Michael Brown, who was black and unarmed, on Aug. 9 .
Ruth Davison is director of policy and external affairs at the National Housing Federation. Leading critic of Tory plan to extend 'right to buy' scheme to housing association tenants. But she lives in £1million house in Islington, London.
Dartmouth is the only Ivy Leage school in an early presidential primary state, making it an intellectual hotspot for candidates looking to read the younger generation's tea leaves. Of a randomly selected group of 50 students who said they followed presidential politics enough to comment, just nine told Daily Mail Online that the former secretary of state would make a good U.S. chief executive. Twenty-two of the 50 Dartmouth students interviewed on Sunday mentioned the deadly 2012 terror attacks in Benghazi, Libya as a black mark on Clinton's record. Other left-leaning students were lukewarm or directly hostile to Clinton.
The phone belonged to Bella Crooke from Melbourne who lost it at a friend's birthday party on Saturday night. It was handed in to Albury Police Station on the NSW-Victoria border on Sunday morning. Police officers on duty realised the phone was unlocked and used it to post selfies and puns on the woman's Facebook page to track her down .
Stephanie Scott's hometown of Canowindra has paid tribute to the much-loved teacher. Hundreds gathered on Sunday to mark the tragic death of the bride-to-be on Easter Sunday. More than a dozen hot-air balloons took to the skies as hundreds of yellow helium balloons were released. Ms Scott's body was found dumped in bushland six days before her wedding .
A third of parents polled said they belt out hip hop songs to soothe their little ones to sleep. Eurythmics' There Must be an Angel came second, followed by Vanilla Ice's Ice Ice Ice Baby. Frank Sinatra's My Way also proved popular with parents.
A study of 2.3 million parents has pinpointed 7.35am as the most hectic, frenzied time of the morning routine for Australian families. Breakfast is the top priority for parents with an average of 140 hours spent.
Until now doctors have assumed that babies' brains are not developed enough to feel pain. It means that newborns often go without painkillers, even during invasive procedures. But new research from Oxford University shows babies feel pain, and their pain thresholds are lower than adults. Findings overturns medical consensus that babies have high threshold.
The mother-to-be, whose name is Injaz, was cloned from the ovarian cells of a slaughtered camel in 2009. She was born from a surrogate mother and is said to have conceived naturally. Cloned camels are fertile and reproduce naturally.
Lori Smith filmed her pooch Boomer being repeatedly hit as she lay with her head resting on the ledge of her electronic dog door. One viewer said it was a massage.
Local campaigners vigorously opposed to the bridge are calling for a parliamentary inquiry. They want lawmakers to look into the misuse of public funds. £60 million of public money has been pledged by Boris Johnson and George Osborne - £30 million each - for the project  .
Mirreyes (my kings) are individuals who enjoy 'ostentatious spending, exhibitionism and narcissism' and are 'placed above all others' They are often the sons and daughters of government officials, wealthy businessmen and members of Mexican high society. One such individual, Jorge Alberto López Amores, jumped off a cruise ship off the coast of Brazil during the 2014 World Cup and vanished without a trace .
The 25-year-old man was born at the Luton and Dunstable Hospital in September 1989. Doctors failed to give him a vitamin K injection to help the blood clot and prevent internal bleeding. The booster is given to newborn babies to reduce the risk of blood clots. The man, who cannot be identified for legal reasons, now relies on 24-hour care  .
Nathan Sellers went on the show with his ex, Lia Palmquist, and accused her of sleeping with every member of the Wu-Tang Clan during one night. Palmquist admitted to partying with the guys from the Wu, but denied that she did anything sexual with them. Sellers wasn't buying it and told the judge: 'She gave Wu some tang' on Divorce Court  .
Duke and Duchess of Cambridge’s second child could be the first Royal to be born outside London for 85 years. Royal Berkshire in Reading and Queen Elizabeth Hospital in King's Lynn, Norfolk, told to prepare in case she goes into labour.
Hawiian-born photographer Dustin Wong, 31, abandoned his job as an engineer to travel the world with only his camera for company. Inspired by ancient Hawaiian beliefs in the sacredness of the landscape, he has journeyed from the Arctic Circle to Australia and Norway.
GoFundMe told Daily Mail Online that 'after review by our team, the campaign set up for Officer Slager was removed due to a violation of GoFundMe's terms & conditions' A separate fundraising campaign was started on site, Indiegogo, titled the 'Michael T. Slager Support Fund' and featured a picture of Slager in his police uniform. As of Thursday at 11am, it had raised $393 of a $5,000 goal on donations from 20 people after being set up on Wednesday. A well-wisher of the accused killer cop gave a private donation to the fundraising page on Indigogo and listed their name as 'trayvon' - perhaps in a twisted reference to Trayvon Martin, an unarmed black teenager.
Robert Durst, 71, pleaded not guilty Thursday to two state gun charges in Louisiana in a case that would delay his extradition to LA to face murder charges. Durst was arrested in New Orleans last month on the eve of the finale of a six-part HBO documentary called 'The Jinx' about Durst's first wife's disappearance in 1982, the death of a longtime friend in 2000 and the death and dismemberment of a neighbor in 2001. He is being held without bail in the mental ward of a New Orleans state prison. Prosecutors have asked a U.S. magistrate judge to order Durst to federal court.
The ‘screw’ measures an inch (2cm) long and was collected by a UFO and paranormal research team called the Kosmopoisk Group. They claim the stone is between 300 and 320 million years old and after X-raying it, believe there is another hidden 'screw' inside the stone. The screw-like shape may actually be the reversed-shape of the creature, which gradually dissolved while the rock formed around it. Experts have not said what the screw is made of  .
The incident happened after a meeting between Afghan provincial leaders and a U.S. Embassy official in the compound of the provincial governor in Jalalabad. NATO confirmed one of its soldiers died in the attack, without providing the nationality of the slain soldier. It was the second fatality suffered by NATO since the beginning of the year, when the coalition launched its new mission .
A fake fundraising page has been set up requesting donations for Stacey Eden. The 23-year-old Sydney resident stood up to a middle-aged woman who was abusing a Muslim couple on a train on Wednesday. Her recording of the fiery incident went viral after being published by Daily Mail Australia. Ms Eden said she has been 'surrounded by love' since her video went viral.
The 58-year-old actress, who took a leave of absence from Broadway play 'Fish in the Dark' earlier this month, shared the news through a statement published by People magazine on Tuesday. She explained that her first test for cancer came back negative but that she was correctly diagnosed after seeking a second opinion. She underwent a double mastectomy and reconstructive surgery last week  .
Richard Attenborough's possessions are going up for sale at auction house Bonhams. The lots include unseen photographs, iconic props, scripts, posters and sketches. His son Michael said: 'It is simply not possible to keep it all' .
John T. Booker Jr, 20, was detained in Manhattan, Kansas, on Friday morning. He was charged with multiple terror offenses, including attempting to use a weapon of mass destruction. The 20-year-old, who refers to himself as Muhammad Abdullah Hassan, is said to have targeted nearby Fort Riley. He planned to use 1,000lb car bomb to blow himself up and kill 'people with power' Imam Omar Hazim, who counseled the suspect, said he was mentally ill.
The Shepherd's Crown will feature witch Tiffany Aching, a witch-in-training who has featured in four of Sir Terry's books. The novel, which is based in the fictional realm of Discworld, will go on sale in September. The plot of the final book has not yet been revealed  .
SANTO seat by SII Deutschland is one-and-a-half times the width of a standard plane seat. It makes use of space at the back of aircraft where the fuselage narrows. The chair beat off competition from 21 finalists .
Ramon C. Estrada, 62, was set to be paroled in less than three weeks when he died on Sunday. He was scheduled to have dialysis Friday at the prison's treatment center, but a technician did not show up on Friday or Saturday. Six other inmates had been waiting for dialysis treatment and were hospitalized.
Hillary Clinton's motorcade made two lengthy high-speed chases to the homes of influential Democrats in New Hampshire on Monday. Her lone official appearance on her first day in the state was a carefully stage-managed small-business roundtable in Keene. A lunchtime visit to a main-street bakery and two more appointments later in the day were off-the-books and under the public's radar. If police radar had been engaged, however, it would have clocked Hillary's signature black conversion van - 'Scooby' – hitting 92 mph in a driving rainstorm on Interstate 89, where the top speed limit is 65.
Firefighters rushed to the port in San Pedro when passers-by heard cries for help. The family of four had been driving out of a parking lot on Berth 73 when the vehicle, driven by the boys' father, veered off the edge of the harbor. Two adults were found swimming in the water when rescuers arrived .
Janet Street-Porter posted a picture of herself on Twitter with the caption ‘Just met Nicola Sturgeon lookalike out canvassing!’. She said she had no idea of the outrage her 'light-hearted comment' would provoke from Nicola Sturgeon's supporters  .
Dozens of animal welfare complaints made after horse attempted to jump Peugeot 206 car with glass still in windscreen. One animal can be seen crashing head first into the turf, dismounting a rider, after trying to scale vehicle. One complaint sent to welfare officers warned that ‘someone could have been killed’ at the event .
Chloe Pearsall, 26, Joanne Fisher, 36, Barbara Holcroft, 63, and Nicole Howley, 25, jailed for acts of abuse at care home. They called one woman 'fugly' and told another she was living in a brothel. Judge Sean Enright said he had to deal with his own 'revulsion' to find 'just, proportionate sentence' Wentworth Croft Care Home in Bretton, Cambridgeshire, has 156 rooms for elderly people.
Luke Shambrook, 11, went missing from a Victorian campsite at 9.30am on Friday. He was found just before midday AEST on Tuesday in thick bushland off Skyline Road, Eildon, 3km from the campsite. Luke was sitting alone and forlorn on the hill when he was spotted by a police helicopter. He is suffering from dehydration and hypothermia but has been reunited with his parents . He has been driven to Alexandra Hospital to undergo further medical assessments in the company of his parents Tim and Rachel  .
Four men have been moved out of intensive care after suspected drug overdoses during a party cruise on Sydney Harbour. The men - two 21-year-olds and two 25 and 22-years-old - collapsed on the vessel on Good Friday, forcing it to dock near the Opera House. One man is suspected of taking up to four ecstasy pills in one hit, including blue ones with scissor.
Goering, who founded the Gestapo and was commander of the German air force, was well known for being overweight. The suit is expected to fetch £85,000 when it goes under the hammer in Plymouth, Devon. It was originally believed to be a replica.
Tate Britain chiefs believe the chance discovery of an export permit will bolster their claim. The 1824 oil painting – Beaching A Boat, Brighton – was legitimately brought to Britain. The 1946 document bears the signature of a dealer called Karola Fabri and seeks permission for the transfer of artworks from Budapest to Zurich.
Born on January 25 and almost three months old, the quadruplet male cubs were let out into their glass cages for the first time at the Tobu Zoo in Saitama prefecture. Initially hesitant to go out in front of a crowd of zoo staff and visitors, the cubs soon began playing around .
Europcar sent eight of the best Instagram photographers on a road trip to the Isle of Skye. The intrepid road trippers were sent by Europcar to explore and snap nearly 650 miles in three days. Their findings have been seen by over one million.
Comfortably Numb is a new, single-use device that eases the pain of an injection by producing a rapid chemical reaction to cool the patient's skin. It is 3D printed and consists of two sealed chambers containing the chemical ammonium nitrate and water. Within 60 seconds the skin is numb  .
The hazardous material was discovered last month as crews prepared to replace the mayoral mansion's leaky roof. Officials do not believe the work poses any health risk to Mayor Bill de Blasio and his family, who will remain in the home during the renovation. The cost of removing the asbestos will be about $250,000 and the contract was awarded this week to Regional Management Inc., officials said  .
The Kazakhstani Ministry of Defence has chosen 123 of its prettiest female soldiers. The pictures show the women in three set poses – in military uniform, with weapons and civilian clothing. They have already been viewed more than 30,000 times by voters and the competition is open until May 10.
The 26-year-old was hit in the leg when gunmen opened fire near his home in Khost, eastern Afghanistan. His son Muhammad also sustained injuries in the attack, which he says was the latest attempt to kidnap him.
Couple enjoyed steamy encounter at the Three Bridges playing fields in Crawley, West Sussex. Workers at an office block which overlooks the park said the pair did not even appear to be put off when people walked past. Photographs and videos of the unusual incident were quickly posted online and shared thousands of time. It came on hottest day of the year so far and the warmest April ever on record with temperatures reaching 25.1C.
Lidos, which are seeing a resurgence as more money is ploughed into renovation and redecoration, are a good first port of call. Picking the right one - that isn't too over-crowded or too run down - is crucial .
James Bond would have died minutes into Skyfall after being hit by a depleted uranium shell. The radioactive round would have turned his lungs inside out and killed him. He would also have died from the cold or lack of oxygen while fighting in an icy loch. Other movies to undergo medical assessment were Die Hard and Home Alone .
The University of Michigan cancelled an upcoming screening of the Oscar-nominated drama American Sniper over student complaints but quickly did an about-face after news of the cancellation sparked a firestorm on campus. The school tweeted out a statement saying the 'decision to cancel not consistent w/high value @Umich places on freedom of expression' The school's head football coach responded to the movie kerfuffle by tweeting that his team would watch the film. Coach Jim Harbaugh tweeted late Wednesday night.
Clare Van Santen, 37, was first diagnosed with breast cancer in 2005 when she was pregnant with her fifth child. The Perth mother-of-five has been told her cancer is now terminal. It has spread to her liver, shoulder, and brain and is inoperable. She has a bucket list of things she wants to do with her children in the time she has left to make as many happy memories as possible.
Michelle Schwab, 38, has been charged with child endangerment after allegedly dangling her son over the 10-foot-deep enclosure at Cleveland Metroparks Zoo. She faces six months in jail and a $1,000 fine. Schwab has taken a leave of absence from her role as assistant director of a childcare center in Columbus, Ohio .
Evita Nicole Sarmonikas died while undergoing plastic surgery in Mexico last month. The 29-year-old Gold Coast woman died on March 20 while on holiday with her boyfriend. Her family flew to Mexico to collect her body after an official autopsy was conducted. Dr Victor Ramirez lost another patient the year before Ms Sarm onikas' death. Roseann Falcon Ornelas, 52, was given a tummy tuck by Dr Ramirez in 2014. She died five hours after the operation and was in so much pain she could not move. Dr Ramirez's certification had lapsed, and he has been stood down until an investigation into her death has been completed.
First mid-air refuelling of an unmanned aircraft was today successfully achieved by the Navy's X-47B drone. Salty Dog 502 is one of two Unmanned Carrier Air Vehicle demonstrators (UCAS-D) on the X- 47B program.
Eric Isaiah Adusah has been charged with the murder of his pregnant wife, Charmain Spears. Hotel staff found the body of pregnant Charmain Speirs face-down in a bath where it is believed she had been lying for four days. Local news reports said an autopsy showed the mother of one died of 'opiate heroin overdose'
Patrons called police Sunday night shortly after discovering no workers at the Dunkin' Donuts on Arundel Mills Boulevard in Hanover. An officer checked the business and found a severely injured woman in the kitchen area. The woman, 21-year-old Palak Bhadreskumar Patel of Hanover, died at the scene. Bhadreshkumar Chetanbhai Patel has been charged with murder .
John Foran's wife Nita was preparing a chicken tikka biryani stir-fry when he found the splinter-covered shard. The £2 ready meal was bought from an Iceland Foods store.
J.B. Silverthorn of Orchard Park, New York, was convicted for his first DUI on Monday. Police say they repeatedly told him not to drive home from Grand Island Town Court. But he got in his car and pulled out of the parking lot before being stopped by deputies. He was also booked for driving without headlights.
Aaron Hernandez was sentenced to life in prison without parole on Wednesday for the 2013 murder of Odin Lloyd. Hernandez will start his sentence at MCI Cedar Junction prison in Walpole, Massachusetts. The prison is just across the freeway from Gillette Stadium, where he used to play for the New England Patriots . The 700-inmate facility is a stark contrast to his $1.3million mansion in North Attleborough, Massachusetts .
Ozzie the goose was close to being put down numerous times after he broke his leg and it was amputated at the joint. But an animal lover's appeal for help led to a South African company.
Google executives and employees donated more than $1.6 million to Obama's two White House campaigns, and the online search giant parachuted top talent into both campaigns. White House visitor logs show the company has been in the White House more than 230 times since Obama took office – approximately once per week. There have been allegations that Google's up-close-and-personal relationship with the West Wing earned it a reprieve from what would have been an earth-shaking Federal Trade Commission antitrust lawsuit. Google has insisted it never received special treatment in that case, punctuating its denials with an animated GIF.
The 'Very Blokey Joke Book' by Jake Harris contains an offensive joke about domestic violence. Shocked Twitter users branded the joke 'horrific' and 'staggeringly offensive' and demanded action. River Island removed the book from shelves and apologised to tweeters individually for the offence caused .
The 58-year-old actress tweeted: 'I am overwhelmed with gratitude by your prayers and good wishes and the kindness you're sending. Thank you' On Tuesday, she shared the news of her disease through a statement published by People magazine. She explained that her first test for cancer came back negative but she was correctly diagnosed .
Christine Bleakley has been in a relationship with Frank Lamapard for five years. The 36-year-old says building a bond with his children has been a 'well-thought-out process' The TV presenter says she's glad to have forged a close bond with Frank's daughters Isla, seven, and Luna, nine .
Virginia’s Portsmouth Public Schools say that their lunches are in compliance with Michelle Obama's federal lunch rules. A concerned mother took a photo of her child's lunch consisting of a dull looking fish fillet, a whole wheat bun, and corn and then posted it to social media this week. Food Service Coordinator Jim Gehlhoff said the lunch was 'concerning' but that it may not actually be as bad as it looks. 'Poor lighting and food presentation make this lunch unappealing,' he said in a statement released to the media .
Three girls and a baby were trapped on a sandbank at Blackpool Beach by the rising tide. But when it was obvious they had found themselves in trouble, those perched on a nearby pier did nothing to help.
Game of Thrones has some of the most powerful female characters on television. Emilia Clarke, who plays Daenerys Targaryen, believes the show has great female characters. Lena Headey has hinted that scheming Cersei Lannister may survive the ten episodes of season five. HBO drama is about to begin its fifth series.
The 'poison pen' letter was sent to an 'baby spamming' mother after the author got fed up with the amount of pictures and statuses she was writing on Facebook about her child. Jade Ruthven, 33, was so upset by the note that she got her own back by forwarding it onto comedian Em Rusciano - who shared it with her thousands of followers on social media. The letter has now been shared worldwide.
Darius the rabbit measures 4ft 4in long and weighs three and a half stone. But his son Jeff, who measures 3ft 8in, is set to challenge for the title of world's biggest bunny. Owner Annette Edwards, 63, from Bromsgrove, spends £5,000 a year.
Amit Yadav, 20, was driving up to 25 miles over the speed limit when he lost control of his Honda Civic. He crashed into an oncoming Renault Cleo in Dagenham in August 2013, killing two passengers. Brothers Haider and Taimur Kayani, both 17, from Leytonstone, east London, died in the crash. None of the passengers were wearing seatbelts.
Laurent Stefanini, 55, was in January asked by French President Francois Hollande to represent their country at the Holy See. But the appointment was met 'with a stony silence' by the Vatican, according to French media. The position remains vacant in the Vatican.
German detectives are 'closely monitoring developments' in the £60m London heist. They are keen to find out if any DNA was recovered from the scene of the Easter weekend raid. And whether it matches forensic samples found in a tunnel used in a £8.3m robbery at the Volksbank in Steglitz.
The former Illinois governor has been photographed with his still full head of hair a shocking white color rather than the boot polish black that was his trademark as a politician. Blagojevich is currently serving a 14-year sentence at the Federal Correctional Institution Englewood near Denver after he was caught trying to sell Barack Obama's U.S. Senate seat when he was elected president.
Gao Yu, 71, jailed for seven years for 'illegally providing state secrets to foreigners' Court said she leaked document warning against 'dangers' of a free press to Hong Kong media outlet. She was named one of the International Press Institute's 50 'world press heroes' in 2000. Known for her outspoken support for democracy and press freedom, Gao went missing last April. She resurfaced on China's state broadcaster a month later admitting she had made a 'mistake'
Queen Margrethe was joined on the balcony by her sons, Crown Prince Frederik, 46, and Prince Joachim, 45. The Danish royals welcomed royals from all corners of Europe to Fredensborg Castle for a gala banquet. Danish prime minister Helle Thorning-Schmidt also attended.
A pair of masked men armed with handguns have robbed three banks in the Pittsburgh area so far this year. They are seen on surveillance footage pointing their guns at bank employees' heads and threatening to kidnap them. The way they handle their weapons has led the FBI to suspect former police officers.
The reference to a swindler ('trapacero') was introduced late last year following complaints about the 22nd edition entry. The academy said definitions reflect actual use and are not meant to be derogatory but pejorative.
Sheriff Stanley Glanz told a press conference on Monday that the FBI had informed him of the result of the investigation into the shooting of Eric Harris. Robert Bates, a 73-year-old reserve deputy, says he mistook his handgun for a taser and accidentally shot Harris on April 2. He has been charged with second-degree manslaughter in the death and faces four years in prison if convicted. Glanz said he doesn't believe reports that Bates' training records were falsified .
Nuku Vanonyi Cudjoe-Calvocoressi, 41, was head of politics at St George's School in Ascot. He was travelling on a train when he pulled up his shorts and exposed himself to a female passenger. He has now been banned from teaching for at least five years following a hearing by a National Council of Teaching and Leadership (NCTL)
The classic steam engines took to the tracks of the North Yorkshire Moors railway today, hauling passengers between Pickering and Whitby. Train enthusiasts will be able to make the most of the beautiful moors scenery on board seven preserved engines form the golden age of steam and pistons  .
Patients at Wolfson Children's Hospital are able to remotely play with animals at the Jacksonville Humane Society shelter. System uses high-definition cameras and interactive toys to let children control toys .
Len Barnes, 57, shed three stone as he battled the life-threatening condition Clostridium difficile. His daughter Debbie, 52, acted as a donor and stools were mixed with water and transplanted into his gut .
The Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers, or 'ICANN,' sent a letter on Thursday to the U.S. Federal Trade Commission and Canada's Office of Consumer Affairs to see if the actions of company Vox Populi Registry Ltd. were illegal. It has recommended charging $2,499.
Daspletosaurus, which means 'frightful lizard', roamed north America between 77 million and 74 million years ago. Fossilised skull of juvenile Daspletosaurus was found in a quarry in Alberta, Canada in 1994. Researchers found bite marks on the fossilised skull.
John Travolta has broken his silence on the Scientology-slamming HBO documentary Going Clear: Scientology, Hollywood & the Prison of Belief. He said he never intends to watch the documentary, saying he's been so happy with his experience in the faith in the last 40 years that he can't imagine attacking it. The documentary claims members are forced to work 30-hour shifts, play musical chairs to the sound of Queen's Bohemian Rhapsody to stay in Scientology.
Jihad-watchers noticed thousands of accounts vanishing from the social network last week. Most of them claimed to be linked to the extremists terrorising vast swathes of the Middle East. Twitter has confirmed that its purge was prompted because they were being used by tech-savvy jihadis to issue threats.
Levi Jarrett Millspaugh was born at 2:38 a.m. Wednesday, making him this year’s first Tax Day baby at Memorial University Medical Center in Savannah. The donation, made by Path2College 529 Plan, is given to the first child born each year.
Rachelle Friedman Chapman, 29, fell into a pool during her bachelorette party in 2010 and broke her neck, leaving her paralyzed from the neck down. She is able to conceive and carry a child but her blood pressure is too low. She and her fiancé Chris, 32, are now expecting a baby girl on April 18. Laurel Humes, a friend from college, has been carrying the child at her home in North Carolina.
Authorities locked down the Suitland, Maryland campus just before 8pm Thursday amid reports that the shooter had barricaded himself inside after ramming the front gates. The guard was shot after noticing a couple fighting in a car and went to investigate and it cost him his life. Police believe the suspect, only described as a man in his 30s or 40s, may even be tied to another shooting .
Jeffrey Walker told jurors that the Philadelphia Police Department drug squad targeted 'white college-boy, ... khaki-pants types' who were 'easy to intimidate' That matches the description of some of the drug dealers who have testified in recent weeks in the federal police corruption trial. The witnesses have said the squad stole as much as $80,000 at a time during illegal raids marked by threats and physical violence, Walker said  .
A man in a 'distinctive' cartoon mask robbed a Christchurch dairy on Saturday. He made off with the dairy's till and about $1500 in cash. Police say there were no signs of any weapons used but that the robber remained at large   .
Survation survey of 1,001 British Muslims found one in four had some sympathy with those who join ISIS. Eight per cent agreed they had 'a lot of sympathy' for the likes of Jihadi John. One-third of all Muslims felt they are viewed with suspicion by non-Muslims, according to the Survation survey  .
A report on the threat posed by Australian foreign fighters has blamed the Abbott government's troubled relations with the Muslim community. The Lowy Institute report says the large number of Australians fighting in Syria and Iraq represents a 'serious national security threat' The report comes just a day after the death of Melbourne model-turned-jihadist Sharky Jama .
Mindfulness-based cognitive therapy (MBCT) has similar recurrence rates as anti-depressants. Study found patients on a MBCT course suffered almost the same rates of recurrence as those taking anti-Depressants  .
Robert Bates, 73, has been charged with second-degree manslaughter in the shooting of Eric Harris, 44, on April 2. On Friday, he appeared on the Today show and apologized to the family of the man he shot dead. He said he mistakenly pulled out a handgun rather than a stun gun when he shot the unarmed man. The records show he was proficient in firearms and dozens of other training courses.
Kenneth Morgan Stancil III, 20, is awaiting extradition from Florida to North Carolina, where he is accused of fatally shooting 44-year-old Ron Lane earlier this week. He said Lane had made sexual advances to his brother, 16, and he was 'not going to let that happen' . He also claimed to have killed three other people, including two in Wayne County, but police said they had no reports of unsolved homicides that match his account. Authorities are investigating a possible hate crime.
The Hop Theory 'beer-bag' contains a blend of hops, fruit peels and natural spices. Hop Theory is nearing its $25,000 target on crowd-funding site Kickstarter to produce its first blend. The project has been criticised by professional breweries as being misleading about 'craft beer'
For the state that calls itself the 'Land of Lincoln,' the timing of a ceremony Wednesday in Springfield to mark his death is awkward because Illinois faces a financial crisis. Gov. Bruce Rauner has proposed eliminating the state Historic Preservation Agency that manages sites including the tomb as it currently exists. What's more, the popular tourist site was pilloried in this month's issue of National Geographic magazine as having 'all the historical character of an office lobby' The hours and days the Lincoln tomb is open have been reduced, and it's staffed with fewer employees since state lawmakers last year cut $1.1 million funding for sites in the Springfield area .
Harvey Weinstein, 63, has emphatically denied sexually assaulting Ambra Battilana, 22, during a business meeting at his Tribeca office last Friday. But police overheard a phone call between the model and Weinstein, in which she confronted him - and he said: 'It won't happen again' The news comes as Weinstein's 38-year-old wife of eight years, Georgina Chapman, was pictured for the first time outside their home in New York City since the scandal broke looking downcast and carrying their daughter, India. She was seen rolling up to the compound in a silver Mercedes-Benz before she went inside. Weinstein voluntarily spoke with police on Saturday and has promised full cooperation with their investigation .
Damon Muller has almost doubled in size due to swelling and bloating since he was diagnosed with Juvenile Dermatomyositis (JDM) in November. The rare autoimmune disease can only be treated with high doses of steroids and a chemotherapy-type drug. It limits movement in the muscles closest to the trunk of Damon's body, including his thighs, hips, buttocks, chest, shoulders and upper arms.
Warren Rodwell was abducted from his home in the Philippines by Islamist militants in December 2011. He was held against his will for 472 days and feared his captors would behead him . Under Australian law, the survivors and families of overseas attacks can claim up to $75,000 in compensation. Prime Minister Tony Abbott would have to declare his kidnapping a terrorist event .
Anjelica 'AJ' Hadsell, 18, has been missing since March 2, when she was on a break from Longwood University in Farmville, Virginia. Remains were found outside a residence in Franklin, Virginia, on Thursday morning. The body has been sent to the Chief Medical Examiner's Office to be identified and to determine the cause of death, police said .
Lxy Wood, 13, and her brother Nick, 16, disrupted a movie screening of Cinderella in Bessemer, Alabama. Their mother Kyesha Smith Wood, 36, said they were 'rude and obnoxious' during the film. She posted a message on Facebook to find the mother of her daughter's victim, Rebecca Boyd. Mrs Boyd said that her husband had just been laid off and the teenagers had ruined the last time she would be taking her daughter to the movies for a while. The post was shared thousands of times, prompting Mrs Boyd to write a message of apology. Mrs Wood and Mrs Boyd have now met and Mrs Wood has offered to pay for their next trip .
Nick Robinson returned to the BBC's News at Six to analyse Labour's party's manifesto. He tweeted: 'Good to be back on air. Don't worry about the voice. It doesn't hurt and I'm not risking my recovery'
Al Qaeda-linked networks have changed tactics since Edward Snowden's leaks, report claims. Extremist websites have also moved to protect their digital communications by releasing encryption. Henry Jackson Society security think-tank has compiled first comprehensive public analysis of leaks .
Lacey Spears of Scottsville, Kentucky, was found guilty last month of second-degree murder in the death of her son Garnett-Paul Spears. She was spared the maximum 25 years to life and instead received 20, showing no emotion when she was sentenced. The boy's father, Chris Hill, was not emotionless however and wrote of his wife's sentence; 'Please put her in general population! Because she wont make it'
Marcel Hirscher teamed up with The Red Bull Media House and Starelation to create the unusual stunt. Biodegradable powder was placed in slalom poles along the course, and multiple cameras were set up. The process involved 11 cameras, a specially-enhanced slope, and three days .
Hanan, 19, was snatched from her family and taken to a warehouse in Mosul, Iraq, where she was raped and beaten. She and six others were then met a fellow Yazidi girl who had been incarcerated there for two months. The girl told them she had been beaten, handcuffed and raped and their captors warned them .
Mike Lane, 40, was beaten by balaclava-clad protesters armed with iron bars on ropes. He was sent flying to the ground, before being kicked in the head and left with broken teeth. Video of the incident and a dossier of evidence was given to Wiltshire Police after the assault.
Xiao Zhengti, now five, was born with congenital biliary atresia, a rare liver condition. Mother Yang Haiying donated a portion of her liver to try and save her son, but his body rejected it. Father Xiao Kunqing was also found to be a match for the boy, but surgeons warned against a second operation. But surgeons eventually relented and he had 40 per cent of his liver removed and transplanted into him yesterday .
The Red Lady of El Mirón was buried 18,700 years ago in a cave in Cantabria, Spain. Her body was found in 2010 in the cave stained in sparkling red paint and adorned in yellow flowers with an engraved stone nearby. Researchers found spores of several mushroom species embedded in her teeth .
James Ritchie was forced to resign from his role as women's officer for the Tasmanian University Union. Public pressure and an online petition opposed the decision to employ a male for the job. The student union has now introduced a requirement that candidates sign a statutory declaration confirming female.
Alfie underwent a general anaesthetic for an MRI scan at the Animal Health Trust clinic in Newmarket, Suffolk. The pet, who is also completely deaf, had the scan last month after his owner Lynne Edwards noticed a lump behind his ear. When he returned from the clinic she realised something was wrong when he started refusing food and found puss oozing from back.
Up to 2500 passengers are stranded on a cruise ship, the Carnival Spirit, outside Sydney Harbour. Waves of nine metres have been battering the ship for the past 24 hours. Carnival Spirit was returning from a 12-night cruise to New Caledonia, Vanuatu and Fiji but has been stopped by the huge waves. The ship was scheduled to dock at 7:15 this morning but was unable to do so because of the rough seas .
Social Services Minister Scott Morrison will reportedly scrap a provision that allows parents who don't vaccinate their children to claim welfare benefits. The controversial change could put millions of dollars back into the federal government's pocket. Currently around 39,000 Australian children under the age of seven are not vaccinated putting them at risk of catching severe diseases .
The capybara called JoeJoe has near 60,000 Instagram followers. He also has near 5,000 Facebook likes and 1,000 Twitter followers. The rodent lives in Las Vegas with owner.
There were 72 unprovoked shark attacks around the world last year, with three people killed in Australia and South Africa. Only a minority of sharks are any danger to humans, with Great White, Bull and Tiger sharks accounting for the vast majority of attacks. There were 52 shark attacks in US waters in 2014, compared to 29.
Host Alex Trebek asked: 'In common law, the age of this, signaling adulthood, is presumed to be 14 in boys & 12 in girls?' The first contestant to press his buzzer was Tom, a freemason,  .
Jack Jordan, 23, proposed to his girlfriend Laura Cant last Christmas while suffering from leukaemia. The pair planned to wed after a bone marrow transplant which they hoped would prolong his life. But last week Mr Jordan was told he was too ill to undergo the operation and has just weeks to live. The couple are now set to marry tomorrow in hospital chapel .
Iona Costello, 51, and daughter Emily, 14, were visiting Manhattan when they went missing on March 30. They were found at 3am by NYPD officers and are in good health. Iona is in the midst of a nasty battle over the will of her husband, George Costello Sr, who died in 2012. She is believed to have been 'under a lot of stress' because of a legal battle with four of his children.
The Old Boys is a new book by former education journalist David Turner. It was inspired by David Cameron's comparison to Flashman in Tom Brown's School Days. Mr Turner was inspired to write the book after hearing Cameron compare Eton to the bully Flashman. He says public schools do more good than harm in modern era.
Mary Kay Letourneau, then a 34-year-old married mother of four, pleaded guilty to child rape in 1998 for her illicit affair with her sixth-grade student, which resulted in two pregnancies. She served a seven-year prison term for the relationship, they married and now have two children together . On the eve of the couple's 10-year wedding anniversary, they sat down for an exclusive interview with Barbara Walters on 20/20, which will air on ABC Friday at 10pm. Their two daughters, Audrey, 17, and Georgia, 16, are now older than their father was when, at age 12, he started the affair .
The Shire of Montana is located in a remote valley in the north-west corner of the state. The 20-acre property near Trout Lake, Montana, has decorative hobbit homes, fairy doors and a tree stump-shaped troll house  .
The retired Midnight Oil lead singer, former politician and passionate environmental activist is hoping the stunning terrace will be auctioned off for at least $1.05 million. The 62-year-old has lived at the thoughtfully restored home for almost five years with his wife Dora and three daughters, Emily, Grace and May. The three bedroom terrace is set over two levels with a beautiful balcony off the master bedroom, looking out onto the street.
Warner Bros and DC Entertainment attempted to set a world record for the largest gatherings of people dressed as DC Comics Superheroes within 24 hours. The April 18 event kicked off in Queensland, Australia, with a celebration at the Movie World Australia theme park and ended in Los Angeles, California, at the Hollywood.
The prize-winning pumpkins were served to the Asian Elephants at the popular Sydney zoo on Friday morning. The 728kg monster was the biggest pumpkin to ever grace a Sydney Royal Easter Show. It was presented to the elephants.
Elijah Cook was born profoundly deaf in his left ear and only able to hear 75 decibels in his right. His parents, Ahavah and Jason Cook, were expecting hearing problems after both their mothers and fathers were deaf. Doctors fitted him with hearing aids last month and he has been cooing and smiling ever since.
Xue Feng returned to his family in Houston, Texas, on Friday following his release from Beijing's No. 2 Prison. The 50-year-old doctor served all but ten months of his eight year sentence at the Chinese prison after getting it reduced for good behavior.
Matthew Hall, 25, climbed onto the balconies of his victims in Manchester's fashionable Northern Quarter district. Asked when confronted 'am I scaring you?' and 'you're dead sexy - can I come in?' He was jailed for two years after he admitted two attempted burglaries and one burglary .
Sarah Ivens was desperate to get pregnant at the age of 34 after 15 years of hoping for the exact opposite. She was advised by doctors to have a medical abortion to safeguard her future fertility and mental state. After years of heartbreak, Sarah and husband Russell have two children, William and Matilda, aged one .
The Los Angeles-based lingerie retailer has closed all of its 94 brick-and-mortar locations after years of declining sales and struggling to keep up with Victoria's Secret. The brand is now encouraging customers to shop online .
Jay Kantaria, 38, jumped onto tracks at Sudbury Hill station in north-west London last October. He died instantly of 'a severe traumatic brain injury' and had to be identified from his fingerprints. Coroner recorded an open verdict on the cause of death, saying there was 'doubt' as to his intention. For confidential support call the Samaritans in the UK on 08457.
Alex Perry will not be presenting at this year's Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia. This is only the second time in 20 years the designer has missed the event. The designer is focusing on his international projects. He is currently a judge on Australia's Next Top Model  .
Sarah Wilson, 41, opened up in a candid interview about her battle with mental illness. She said anxiety drove her to believe she had reached a stage in her life where she 'couldn't see the point of continuing' One in three Australian women will experience anxiety in their lifetime, according to Beyond Blue report .
Jean Wabafiyebazu, 17, and his brother Marc, 15, were shot dead on March 30 after a drugs raid went wrong in Miami. Details are now emerging about the gangster lifestyle they led - despite attending top private schools bankrolled by their mother Roxanne Dube, Canada's Consul General in Miami . The boys had recently moved to Miami to live with their mother in a gated community at the heart of the affluent Coral Way district. Marc is waiting to discover if he will be charged with his brother's murder. A grand jury will decide whether to bring murder charges against Marc - even if he didn't participate directly in the killing .
The inflatable, nicknamed Ba Di Doll, is 30 metres long, seven metres tall and six metres wide. Cartoon images are displayed inside the legs to teach children about sex. Attraction can be accessed via the doll's right foot.
David Etzel, 36, of Palm Beach County, Florida is accused of biting his mother's 10-pound Shih Tzu named Cujo then beating it so badly its eye came out of its socket. The 2-year-old dog weighed about 10 pounds. The injuries were comparable to being hit by a vehicle or attacked by another dog.
The Republican presidential hopefuls told conservative radio host Hugh Hewitt in separate interviews on Tuesday that they'd enforce federal drug laws and block the sale of marijuana in Colorado and Washington. 'Marijuana is an illegal drug under federal law. And the states should not be permitted to sell it and profit from it,' Christie said. Rubio, who on Monday made official his candidacy, said he believes in states' rights - but laws created by the federal government legally supersede those of the states. Other GOP contenders have taken a softer approach .
Supreme Court Chief Justice John Roberts reported for jury duty in Rockville, Maryland on Wednesday. The 60-year-old was called to serve on a case involving a car crash and had to answer a couple of questions about his relatives. However, when it came to a question about the jurors legal experience the sitting Judge refrained from making Roberts answer.
Kenneth Morgan Stancil III, 20, made his first appearance at the Wayne County Courthouse in Goldsboro, North Carolina on Thursday after being extradited from Florida. He is accused of shooting 44-year-old Ron Lane at Wayne Community College on Monday morning before fleeing more than 500 miles south. At the hearing on Thursday, he initially denied a court-appointed attorney, saying he knew he'd get life behind bars when he shot dead his former boss. When the judge repeatedly reminded him that he could get the death penalty, he burst into expletives and flipped over a table .
Cannabis can kill cancer cells and shrink one of the most serious types of brain tumours, new advice reveals. National Institute on Drug Abuse in the US has admitted benefits to some cancer patients. Drug is not recognised by the US Food and Drug Administration as a medicine, but has medicinal value for some patients.
Rilie Carey, from Salem, Oregon, learnt the popular song at preschool. She was halfway through eating dinner when she decided to perform it for her mom, Jessica Carey. As she gets to the penultimate verse, where 'no little ducks come back', she starts to sob .
Ashley Pegram, a 28-year-old mother-of-three, went on a date with Edward Primo Bonilla, 30, on April 3 in Summerville, South Carolina. She was reported missing the next day and her sister found messages from Bonilla on her Kik account. He told her he had kicked her out of his car when she got too drunk on their date. But surveillance footage shows her returning to his car at a gas station at 1am on April 4.
Christine Lillico, 47, was supposed to look after her elderly parents' bank accounts as their health deteriorated. But instead she plundered their life savings to bankroll her own lifestyle over six year period. By the time her fraud was discovered she had stolen a total of £78,000 from John and Audrey Air. She has been jailed for 20 months and ordered to pay her brother £39,000 .
Photographs posted on former flight attendant Shawn Kathleen's Instagram account Passenger Shaming. Photos show feet being wedged in between seats or near other passengers' heads, rubbish being trashed in seat pockets and nappies in bathrooms.
Kevin Carr, 34, from Woolacombe, Devon, ran more than a marathon a day every day for almost two years. He began his epic voyage at Haytor on Dartmoor in July 2013 and returned yesterday after 621 days. Mr Carr was also the first man to complete the gruelling endurance run unsupported. He ran across 26 countries and got through 16 pairs of shoes.
The 77-year-old woman was struck by lightning while sitting in her car in Boston, England. Her hairdresser noticed she had suffered minor burns on her scalp days later. A scan of her retina revealed she had a hole in her macula, which is responsible for 90% vision.
Haley Fox, 24, of Turner, Oregon, fractured 26-year-old Samuel Campbell's skull with a baseball bat at her home last Wednesday. She has been charged with first-degree assault. Fox and Campbell, of Adger, Alabama, had been in a relationship for around two years after meeting online two years ago.
Andy Murray and Kim Sears are preparing to marry in his home town of Dunblane this weekend. Locals of the Scottish cathedral town have gone into overdrive for wedding of their most famous resident. Local shops and shop owners are preparing their shop fronts to reflect the big day .
The Northern Territory Cattlemen's Association held its annual photography competition in conjunction with an annual cattlemen's conference. The competition asks for images that will illustrate the Northern Territory's unique outback lifestyle as well as their distinctive people and landscapes. Marie Muldoon won this years competition with a touching photo of her daughter cuddling up to a horse titled True Love .
Lawrence Phillips is suspected of killing his cellmate in a Central California prison. He is serving a sentence of more than 31 years for choking his girlfriend in San Diego. Damion Soward was found lifeless in the cell he shared with Phillips, 39, at Kern Valley State Prison.
Andrew 'Drew' Butler, 25, allegedly shot mother-of-three Kendra Gonzalez from the passenger seat in San Jose, California. Police said Gonzalez and Butler were involved in an argument when the gun went off. He dragged her body from the driver's seat and left it on the road before driving off.
Ashton Wood launched an online campaign to help him destroy his brand new $49,000 Jeep Cherokee. The Queenslander raised $18,000 online so he and 300 people could destroy his car in protest. Jeep refused to pay a full refund for the car or replace the vehicle which he claimed had 21 separate mechanical problems. He is now campaigning for the United States' Lemon Laws to be introduced in Australia in order to protect car owners .
Joelison Fernandes da Silva, 28, developed gigantism as a child and was bullied from a young age. He dropped out of school and refused to leave the family house for a year due to his height. But true happiness eventually found him in the form of Evem Medeiros, a 5ft 21-year-old woman he met online   .
Hilary Wilson, 41, had a cardiac arrest during a Caesarean section and 'died' for 11 minutes. She woke up four days later with no memory of being pregnant or having a baby. Only realised she had a son when someone showed her a picture of Felix wearing her children's hand-me-downs and it 'clicked'
Mohammad Qamaruzzaman was hanged around 10.30pm on Saturday inside a jail in Dhaka. Assistant secretary general of the Jamaat-e-Islami party headed militia group that collaborated with Pakistani army. He was behind the killing of around 120 unarmed farmers in 1971 independence war, prosecutors said .
Amy Murray, 23, of Brightlingsea, Essex, rowed with fellow cinema-goers during a screening of the adult-only film. An argument broke out and Murray hit Jessica Deadman while drunkenly gesturing with her hand. Police were called to the Century Cinema in Clacton-on-Sea, Essex.
Ana Granucci Davis, 28, wife of St Petersburg chef Aaron Davis, 31, gave birth to their son Andrew Aaron Lawrence on Tuesday. Mr Davis, head chef at The Kitchen, was fatally struck by 25-year-old Jason Lanard Mitchell on Saturday around 2am. Mitchell and his passenger, Rayvorris Altuan Oliver, 27, fled the scene. Mitchell faces several charges including DUI manslaughter and vehicular homicide.
Sam Griner's mother, Laney, set up a GoFundMe page to raise $75,000 for his father, Justin, who needs a kidney transplant. Justin, 39, discovered his kidneys were failing before Sam was born and now spends four hours a day, three days a week undergoing dialysis. He is unable to work and never has energy because of the treatment.
Billy Thompson was last seen on Saturday at Sugar Bear's home in McIntyre, Georgia, where Mama June's daughter Jessica was preparing to go to prom. Since then Billy hasn't been seen and he isn't returning any phone calls or texts. The family have filed a report with the local police department and are especially worried because Billy has been struggling to find work and recently suffered a difficult split from the mother of his children. In December, Thompson's younger brother - Lee 'Uncle Poodle' Thompson – revealed to The National Enquirer that Shannon had indulged in a 'threesome' with Sugar Bear and Billy .
Marianne Power attended Robbins’ Unleash The Power Within seminar which claims to ‘discover how to identify what it is you really want’. The idea is that, once you overcome the fear of walking on coals of between 1,200 and 2,000 Fahrenheit, you can.
News Corp Australia CEO Julian Clarke was peppered with questions from Greens senator and party leader Christine Milne about why The Australian newspaper operates as a business when it is not profitable. When Mr Clarke defended the newspaper as the 'finest national newspaper operating in Australia', Ms Milne flatly told the inquiry, 'you and I won't agree on that' 'You're a minority,' Mr Clarke fired back. Mr Clarke also rejected allegations recently published by Fairfax Media alleging $4.5 billion had been siphoned from Australian operations .
Tinder will now display the last 34 pictures of a person's Instagram feed - and allow users to see more. Firm said it made the changes after noticing many users put their Instagram user name in their profile .
Austin Carey, 23, and Jay Rawe, 25, plummeted 500ft onto a riverbank in Idaho last year. Their parachutes got tangled and they plummeted to the ground without parachutes opening properly. Mr Rawe suffered fractures to his spine and Mr Carey was told he may never walk again. But one year on both have returned to base jumping.
Six men accused of exploding a car bomb in Syrian city of al-Mayadin are beheaded in gruesome video. Terrorist group claims the men are soldiers fighting for Syrian President Bashar al-Assad's regime. They are marched to a wooden stump and killed in front of a large crowd of men and young boys. Militant says the men have been sentenced to death for 'waging war on God and his messenger' in retaliation for the car bomb attack  .
Secret Ukip-commissioned poll shows Farage has fallen behind Tory opponent in Kent seat he is contesting. And he is in danger of finishing third, with Labour catching up fast. If the poll is accurate, it could end Farage’s political career as he has vowed to resign as Ukip leader if he fails to win South Thanet. Ukip officials spent last week trying to deny a cover-up .
A 63-year-old former air hostess has won a £14.5m London mansion from her 'immensely wealthy' Saudi Arabian ex-husband. The property, in north west London, has 'superb views' over a London park. It was one of five properties which the successful property developer bought during the couple's 14-year marriage. The couple's main marital home had been a £26m 'palatial residence' in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia. After their divorce, the woman moved into the townhouse, claiming her right to live there as one of their matrimonial homes.
Dr Arye Shimron says he has linked the James Ossuary to the 'Jesus Family tomb' in Jerusalem. It is a 1st-century chalk box that some believe holds the bones of Jesus' brother. The research could have enormous ramifications as it suggests Jesus was married, fathered a child and that a physical resurrection did not take place. Dr Shimron’s work has renewed controversy over the Talpiot tomb, which dates back to the Second Temple period .
The retailer has consistently been one of the lowest-rated grocers since 2005 in Consumer Reports' annual supermarket survey. It is the primary shopping destination for ten per cent of the 63,000 readers surveyed by the magazine. The respondents surveyed were asked to rate 68 supermarkets based on store cleanliness, food quality, freshness and staff courtesy. Wegmans was rated America's favorite supermarket followed by Publix.
The Maticevski show at Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia went above and beyond to impress guests, with front row attendees given a personalised tablet. But a few of the highly-prized gifts went missing when someone with sticky fingers snapped them up for themselves.
Sarah Foot says her affair with open water began on Hampstead Heath after a local swimming pool closed down. She has now taken her to swimming in the North Sea off the coast of Suffolk. The poet Byron called the experience a ‘buoyancy of spirits I never feel on any other occasion’. For her, the most perfect swim of all is in Scotland, off the Hebrides - off the Isle of Islay  .
The model contains more than 30,000 figures and illustrates all the key moments of the battle which allowed the Duke of Wellington to defeat Napoleon's forces. It was built in the 1970s, but fell into disrepair before being restored to its former glory just in time for anniversary.
Scientists at UCLA examined the brains of 90 women, 44 of whom took the Pill, and 46 who experienced natural cycles. They found the lateral orbitofrontal cortex and the posterior cigulate cortex were thinner in those women taking the contraception.   .
Martynas Kupstys, 26, was jailed for life for the murder of Ivans Zdanovics in Lincolnshire in January 2014. He was released from Lincoln Prison in August 2014 after staff told him he was free to go to court . The killer posted a video of himself brandishing a meat cleaver on his Facebook page before the murder . He also posted a photograph of himself standing beside a waxwork of Nazi dictator Adolf Hitler  .
Hassan Munshi and Talha Asmal are believed to have traveled to Syria after heading to Turkey on March 31. The pair from Dewsbury, West Yorkshire, have not been in contact with their families for several days. They are thought to have boarded a Thomas Cook flight from Manchester Airport to Dalaman in Turkey. Both families have reported the boys missing to police although British authorities fear that the pair have managed to cross into Syria.
For a limited time Starbucks will be introducing the S'more Frappuccino which is scheduled to hit stored on Tuesday, April 28. The drink will be made with a combination of marshmallow whipped cream, milk chocolate sauce, graham crackers, coffee, milk and ice. Once the drink was announced Starbucks lovers took to Twitter to express their opinion of the drink which was almost unanimously positive. bottles of the flavor have been on sale.
Izzat Ibrahim al-Douri, 72, was reportedly killed near Tikrit, where he was working alongside ISIS militants. He was deputy to Saddam when he was deposed following the US-led invasion of Iraq in 2003. Al-D Missouri was ranked sixth on the US military's list of the 55 most-wanted Iraqis and had a $10m bounty on his head .
Silvia, star of My Extraordinary Pregnancy, suffered from pica during her third pregnancy. Pica is an eating disorder that makes people crave non-food substances. In the programme that followed Silvia throughout her pregnancy, she is seen picking up tiny rocks from the garden.
Alabama-born mom-of-two Elisha Wilson Beach, from Los Angeles, is pictured breastfeeding her daughter in the image. The snap has been shared more than 25,000 times on Facebook and more than 211,000 on Facebook. Wilson Beach is the wife of TV actor Michael Beach, known for his roles on Third Watch, Sons of Anarchy, Third Watch and ER   .
Margaret Tyler, 71, has been collecting royal-themed knick-knacks for more than 40 years. Her collection now fills four rooms, including one dedicated to Princess Diana. The mother-of-four has no plans to stop and describes it as 'a labour of love' .
National broadcaster NHK said waves were possible on several islands in the southern Okinawa chain after a very shallow quake. Witnesses said buildings swayed in Taipei but there was no visible damage in the Taiwan capital. Pacific Tsunami Warning Centre said no tsunami threat.
Stephanie Scott's body was found by police in Cocoparra National Park, north of Griffith, NSW, on April 10. The 26-year-old is believed to have been murdered after she disappeared from her workplace, Leeton High School on April 5. School cleaner Vincent Stanford, 24, has been charged with her murder. A memorial service will take place on Wednesday afternoon in Eugowra in NSW’s central west. It will be held at ' Eat Your Greens' function centre - the location where Stephanie had planned to celebrate her wedding ten days before she disappeared  .
Since 2008, 994 personnel have been treated for mental health issues after taking Lariam. Major-General Alastair Duncan is currently in a psychiatric unit following Post Traumatic Stress Disorder episode. The drug has been banned by the U.S. military due to concerns over side effects of mefloquine.
Fight broke out on boat carrying 105 African migrants from Libya to Sicily on April 14. Group of 15 Muslim men arrested on suspicion of 'multiple aggravated murder motivated by religious hate' Police say they threw 12 men 'professing the Christian faith' to their deaths. Follows reports of shipwreck feared to have cost 41 lives today .
Christy Mack, 23, was left with 18 broken bones, a broken nose, a ruptured kidney and ruptured liver in August 2014 attack. MMA fighter Jonathan Paul Koppenhaver, known as War Machine, allegedly beat her with a kitchen knife. Now, nine months later, she has to wear a wig and glasses, and is still undergoing reparative dental work while recovering .
The rampant Scottish National Party has extended its huge lead over Labour. Detailed constituency surveys suggest Labour faces an unprecedented wipeout. Jim Murphy, its Scottish leader, and Douglas Alexander, its chief election strategist, are among those on course to lose their seats.
Crew of the Admiral Kuznetsov, Russia's largest warship, use tractor as leaf-blower to clean decks. Debris on carrier decks can potentially get sucked into jet engines, causing millions of dollars of damage.
William and Kate are turning their new country bolt hole, Anmer Hall, into a secluded fortress home. Anmer is set to become their principal residence over the next few years as William focuses on family and his new flying career. Kate will be taking a longer maternity leave this time round and the pilot Prince plans to scale back his charity commitments .
The Swan Come Dine With Me Ice Cream & Gelato maker is best for dinner parties. The Sage Smart Scoop by Heston Blumenthal is a fantastic ice cream maker, but bulky and expensive. The Shake n Make Ice Cream Maker.
The two continents are linked at Panama, but there has been a debate about when this land bridge first appeared. Most experts placed its formation at about 3 million years ago. New study suggests it formed at least 10 million years earlier.
Sen. Ted Cruz implied during a conversation with Daily Mail Online on Saturday that if he ascended to the highest elected office he wouldn't make his attorney general enforce federal laws pertaining to marijuana in states that have approved sales and consumption of the drug. The position stands in contrast to the views of at least three of his GOP competitors, who last week said that while they believe in states' rights to self-determination, they'd lay the hammer down on Colorado and Washington for flouting federal law. Cruz's stance on the issue presents a problem the politician who has said the 'most dangerous' aspect of Obama's tenure.
Deborah, 43, from Lanarkshire, describes her naturally curly hair as a 'frizz nightmare' The Nanokeratin System Hair Relaxing Treatment costs from £250 (including a cut and blowdry, or from £195)
Scientists at the Rockefeller University in New York believe a new antibody therapy could pave the way for an HIV vaccine. Clinical trials revealed the treatment resulted in a 300-fold decrease in the amount of HIV virus in a patient's blood.
Clydesdale and Yorkshire Banks staff deliberately obstructed investigation into payment protection insurance complaints. They deleted records and tampered with evidence to make it look like customer was never sold PPI. Politicians call for criminal charges to be brought against those who falsified documents.
Brian and Joan Ogden, from Wigan, had been out to eat and were on their way back into Hotel Don Pancho in Benidorm. CCTV footage shows pickpocket reaching into Mr Ogden's pocket while accomplice stands between him and his wife Joan, 78 .
The winter of 2014-15 won't be easily forgotten in Boston after the endless snow broke countless records and the city had to pay volunteers $30 an hour to help dig out the battered city. Vlad Tarasov even filmed his journey down the slopes at Boston's largest snow farm located in the city's Seaport District. The one-minute video gives viewers a first-person perspective of pushing through the filthy, trash-filled ice pile that served as dumping ground.
The Baltimore Police Department has used secret cellphone surveillance equipment 4,300 times since 2007. A detective said officers used a device called Hailstorm, which can identify phones from a 360-degree antenna. Police use it to trace stolen phones or to find people, court heard in court .
Roman Abramovich has bought Tel Aviv’s Varsano Hotel for £17.1m. The Chelsea owner is expected to convert the 19th century building into his Israeli home. The hotel complex consists of a main building with a large lobby, dining room and two studio suites. The purchase includes an adjacent car park, which is already zoned for and will enable Abramovich to expand the premises.
Lib Dem leader warns of 'very real danger' that Ukip and DUP could hold Cameron to 'ransom' in event of a second hung Parliament. Comes after Ukip leader called on Conservatives to vote tactically for him in seats they cannot win . Farage dropped his demand that the Tories ditch Mr Cameron before any post election deal. Lib Dems release new campaign poster warning of danger of alliance.
The Emmy-winning TV judge just renewed her TV contract with CBS for another three years. She reportedly earns $47 million a year - the highest paid personality on television. Judy and Jerry Sheindlin have been married for 38 years.
New York Mayor Bill de Blasio says he wants to see an outlined vision of where Hillary Clinton plans to go before giving up an endorsement for her presidential campaign. As campaign manager for Clinton's successful 2000 Senate run, de Blasio said on Sunday it is important for her to define her campaign message. He also said he wanted to see her vision for addressing income inequality before endorsing her .
The kite, dubbed 'centipede with a dragon's head', was set to fly at the Wulong International Kite Festival last Saturday in Chongqing. But Chinese aviation authorities ruled that the dragon-themed kite could not be flown, and the team were forced to fly only half of it.
Jemima Kirke, 29, made the admission in a new PSA for the Center for Reproductive Rights, an organization which aims to advance reproductive freedom. The actress says she was forced to use her boyfriend's help to pay for the procedure, and even then she could not afford anesthesia. She has since given birth to a daughter named Rafella Israel Mosberg   .
Jondrew Megil Lachaux, 39, an ex-convict and Kellie Cherie Phillips, 38, have been arrested on felony charges in the alleged abandonment of three children in a North Las Vegas home. The 17-year-old girl was released from juvenile detention on Monday into the custody of county child protective services. The girl's four-month-old daughter was hospitalized in critical condition for severe malnutrition and hypothermia. The couple's other five children, ages one, four, seven, eight and nine, were found with Phillips in good health. They have been placed in the care of family services .
FBI director James Comey has caused huge offense to a key U.S. ally by using language that suggested that Poland was an accomplice in the Holocaust. Poles are waiting to see if Comey would issue an apology — something that hadn't happened by late Monday. Polish Foreign Minister Grzegorz Schetyna said he expected him to say sorry so the matter can be settled. In all, 6 million Polish citizens were killed during the war.
Izaak Gillen, seven months, was taken to hospital on April 6 with a skull fracture while at his babysitter's Oregon City home. He was pronounced dead the next day. The state medical examiner's office determined the child's manner of death was a homicide after conducting an autopsy. No arrests have been made and investigators are still looking into what led up to Izaak's injury .
Researchers studied 40 million posts by 1.7 million users on CNN.com, Breitbart.com and IGN.com. They divided users into those most likely to be banned, called Future-Banned Users (FBUs), and other users dubbed Never-B banned Users (NBUs) Trolls are less likely to use positive words.
Dr Sahar Hussain, 53, panicked when she was unable to get through the gates at Leicester Square station. She screamed: 'I'm a doctor actually, I work for the NHS. Get me through the gate, I'm going to miss my train'
Pleasaunce Cottage in Dormans Park near East Grinstead was built in the 1880s by RA Briggs, known as Bungalow Briggs. It is one of the last surviving bungalows in Britain built on the design of Victorian houses in India . The house has four bedrooms, four reception rooms and two bathrooms, one of which is en-suite, and a cellar  .
Dutch-led team this week also found personal possessions including jewellery at the site. 16 containers of fragments of the Malaysia Airlines plane were filled so far this week. MailOnline also found a charred passport of a Malaysian mother killed in the horror. Investigators searched for body parts and debris at a location that was previously considered unsafe due to fierce fighting  .
Emma Dickson, 31, was rushed to hospital after suffering sharp pains on November 2 last year. Doctors told her she had two blood clots which had moved to her lungs and caused a pulmonary embolism. The clots then led to a pleural effusion, a condition which causes fluid to accumulate between the lungs and chest wall. As this fluid collected, Mrs Dickson's left lung collapsed and she was left fighting for her life in hospital for a month  .
Barry Lyttle has pleaded guilty to causing grievous bodily harm to his brother Patrick. CCTV footage of the January 3 incident has been released for the first time. The brothers were on a night out in Sydney's Potts Point when they got into a fight. Patrick was left in a coma for six days after a single punch to the head left him in a pool of blood and vomit. Barry could face up to two years in jail, despite his brother's calls for charges to be dropped. Magistrate Graeme Curran said a jail sentence was likely .
Geologist Dr Danny Hilman believes that a site in West Java is revered because it hides an ancient temple built between 9,000 and 20,000 years ago. If true, the claim could rewrite prehistory and shed light on an advanced ancient civilisation. The megalithic site of Gunung Padang was discovered in 1914 and is the largest site of its kind in Indonesia. It is nestled among volcanoes, banana palms and tea plantations 75 miles south of Jakarta.
The Immerse virtual reality headset is available from Firebox for £29.95 ($45) It works with any Android and iOS phone that can run virtual reality apps. It additionally lets people watch 3D movies - all for the relatively cheap price of £29.99. Other features include 360° head tracking and an 'ultra-wide field of view'  .
The Homeless Period project aims to highlight the plight of women living on the streets. Campaign video tells the story of a woman called Patricia, who lived rough on streets of Brixton for six months. She says she was forced to use 'ripped up cloth' as a makeshift sanitary towel.
Clark Elmore’s conviction for killing and raping his 14-year-old stepdaughter in Washington in 1995 was upheld. The 9th US Circuit Court of Appeals confirmed the Washington Supreme Court did not act unreasonably. Elmore was convicted of killing Kristy Ohnstad after he said she threatened to reveal he had molested her as a child.
In an interview with NPR, Obama said likely Republican presidential candidate Scott Walker may change his 'foolish' position on a deal with Iran 'after he's taken some time to bone up on foreign policy' Obama's jab at Walker departed from the White House's general strategy of staying out of the race to replace the sitting president, who is prohibited by the Constitution from seeking another term. Walker fired back at Obama on Twitter, saying, 'Americans would be better served'
Sheldon Nadelman, 80, worked at Terminal Bar in Times Square from 1973 to 1982. He would meet prostitutes and pimps at the bar for three shots of cognac before going out to walk the streets. The bar's clients included a combination of gay men, cross-dressers, actors and alcoholics. His son Stefan has digitized thousands of photos from the period, which show a side of Times Square that has since been replaced by Coca Cola.
Clinicians in an 'impossible situation' as a result of King family's flight to Spain after disagreeing with doctors. Ashya's parents took him from Southampton hospital and fled abroad without telling staff. They ignored medical advice and took him to Prague for proton beam therapy, which was paid for by NHS.
Divers Margo Sanchez and Stephanie Adamson have been snapping exotic underwater life for a decade. They have travelled to Papua New Guinea, the Maldives and the Virgin Islands to take snaps. The selfie stick allows them to get close to the creatures .
The Sleep Cycle app tracks a user's sleep as they go through a cycle of sleep phases. It uses the phone's accelerometer to identify phases by tracking movements in bed and wakes users up during their lightest sleep phase, using a pre-defined 30-minute alarm window. The app has more than two million active users and gathered data for the study between 1 June 2014 and 31 March this year from users aged 18 to 55 in 47 countries  .
The Volkswagen Westfalia Camper is being reborn as an electric vehicle, a Volkswagen board member has revealed. Dr Heinz-Jakob Neusser suggested that battery packs would be hidden under the floor. A small electric motor will drive its front wheels, making the new van more environmentally friendly. No images of the new vehicle have yet been released, but a concept is expected to be revealed in two to five years.
Andrew Danziger claims to have seen a UFO flying through the sky in April 1989. Veteran pilot said the alien aircraft glowed bright red for around 30 seconds before disappearing. The aircraft captain said most pilots have reported similar sightings in the sky.
Charlotte Bevan had come off risperidone - a powerful drug used to treat schizophrenia and bipolar disorder. Four days after giving birth, 30-year-old walked out of Bristol maternity hospital without shoes or coat. The next day, police found her body two miles away on a cliff face of the gorge near Clifton Suspension Bridge. Newborn Zaani Tiana Bevan Malbrouck was later found close by. Miss Bevan is believed to have had a history of severe mental health problems.
Brad Reynolds is TripAdvisor's most active user with 66,000 contributions in just five years. The 38-year-old has written more than 3,300 reviews and uploaded nearly 40,000 photos. He has posted reviews from 394 cities and 46 countries and has travelled 600,000 miles.
Aaron Hernandez, 25, was found guilty Wednesday of first-degree murder and sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole in the 2013 shooting death of semi-professional football player Odin Lloyd. The former Patriots tight-end will face a second murder trial later this year, this time in Boston, to face murder charges in the killings of Daniel Abreu, 29, and Safirdo Furtado, 28. The two immigrants from Cape Verde were found murdered in their car at a stop light in South Boston in July 2012. They had reportedly gotten into a fight with Hernandez and his crew over a spilled drink at a night club prior to their murders .
Stacey Eden, 23, made a bold stand in defence of a Muslim couple who faced a racially-charged tirade on a Sydney train on Wednesday afternoon. She recorded a short snippet of the incident - not the whole alleged tirade - on her phone, ending with the passenger telling her to 'breathe' . Police are now urging witnesses of a middle-aged woman's offensive public transport tirade at a Muslim woman to come forward after Daily Mail Australia published video. The woman allegedly berated the Muslim woman for wearing a black headscarf and insulted the woman's husband and partner .
Horrified guests dived for cover as the groom's brother lost control of the gun at a reception. Firing guns in the air is a traditional way of celebrating special occasions in some parts of Saudi Arabia .
Ayatollah Hossein Dehnavi, a celebrity preacher in Iran, made the speech to a packed auditorium of men and women. It is the latest controversial teaching put forward by the 53-year-old cleric in his native country. Homosexuality is punishable by death in Iran - with gay and lesbian people forced to hide sexuality.
Linda MacDonald, 55, was arrested for drunk driving in Dummerston, Vermont on Monday night. Police say she was talking on the phone and trying to take directions on a legal note pad in her car when she crashed .
From Kim Kardashian's last-minute baskets for toddler North West to Myleene Klass' bunny-themed egg hunt, the stars took to Instagram to show how they celebrated Easter. We wonder if Kanye helped? .
My Kitchen Rules judge Pete Evans has been slammed for promoting fluoride-free water. Health Minister Jillian Skinner says he is putting people's health at risk with his extreme views on diet and lifestyle. She says she is 'highly disappointed' to see him use his power as a high profile media personality to influence in areas he has no expertise.
Sevdet Besim, from Hallam in Melbourne's south-east, was charged with 'conspiracy to commit acts done in preparation for, or planning, terrorist acts' at the Melbourne Magistrates Court on Saturday afternoon. He did not apply for bail and was remanded in custody for a filing hearing on April 24. He is one of two 18-year-old men police arrested for allegedly planning an 'ISIS inspired' attack on an Anzac Day ceremony. The duo were 'associates' of Abdul Numan Haider, who was shot dead after stabbing two officers outside a Melbourne police station.
Cara Delevingne, Suki Waterhouse, Mila Kunis, Elton John, Rosie Huntington-Whiteley, Anna Wintour and the entire Beckham brood turned out. Over 700 guests turned out to support their pal Christopher at the London in Los Angeles event at Griffith Observatory at the Griffith Observatory .
Madeline Luciano, 40, was fired after pupils wrote nasty words about classmate on blackboard. But she claims she was trying to teach them to be kinder to each other. She has now launched court action to get her licence back so she can work in another school. She says she wants justice and wants her job.
Chimpanzees in Kibale National Park in Uganda have learned to look both ways before crossing busy roads. They will also often run across roads, while dominant males will wait to ensure younger chimps cross safely.
They announced they were 'consciously uncoupling' in March 2014. Sources tell the site the divorce was amicable. They have been using their business managers to work out a settlement agreement involving both property and custody. A judge should be signing off the divorce shortly .
Mariel Hemingway, 53, has written two new books, Out Came The Sun and Invisible Girl, about growing up in a family riddled with depression, alcoholism and suicide. Her father, Jack, is the son of Ernest's first wife, Hadley, and her mother is Byra Louise, who was alcoholics. Mariel's elder sister, Margaux, a beautiful fashion model and actress, died in 1996 at the age of 42 from an overdose of sedatives. Her mother, Muffet, was a schizophrenic schizophrenic and her sister, Joan was sexually abused .
Mikaeel Kular, 3, was beaten to death by his mother Rosdeep Adekoya in January last year in Kircaldy, Fife. His death came just six months after he was returned to his mother's care after a year with foster carers. Social workers also visited family a number of times over two years. Review into whether care teams could have predicted his death is published.
The Langbords found the coins in a bank deposit box for Joan Langbord's father Israel Switt, a Philadelphia jeweler. The government believed Switt stole the coins from a mint in 1933. The coins were never released to the public after President Roosevelt switched the US off the gold standard. A surviving coin sold for $7.6million in 2002, then a record for a coin  .
Tugce Taskin, 26, was killed and her friend Adem Kilic, 31, is in a critical condition in hospital. Lamborghini swerved across a highway in north-western Turkish city of Istanbul and hit another car. Witnesses said it was a 'miracle' they were able to get anyone out alive .
Laura Wells has found international success as a size 14 model, including appearing in Cosmopolitan and Australian Women's Weekly. She has modelled for Macy's, Bloomingdale's, Myer, David Jones, Berlei and Asos. The 177-centimetre beauty was studying science and law in New York City.
Ed Balls has ruled out any post-election pact with the SNP that would put Scotland ahead of England. Shadow chancellor said he was 'unequivocal' that he would not allow SNP to dictate a deal at England's expense. Ed Miliband has insisted Labour will not form a coalition with SNP.
Many teenagers are tempted to try e-cigarettes, but few adopt the electronic devices as habit. In fact, they found most of those teens who do try them are also smokers. This suggests young people are not using them to try and quit their habits.
Outspoken weight loss expert Steve Miller has devised a strict five-point plan to tackle Britain's obesity crisis. The former Fat Families star is an advocate of constructive fat shaming and believes we need to get tougher on the overweight population.
Two employees in FLIR's Dubai office gave luxury watches to five officials with the Saudi Arabia Ministry of Interior in 2009. The company also arranged travel for Saudi officials, including a 20-night trip with stops in Beirut, Casablanca, Dubai.
Eight San Francisco police officers accused of sending racist and homophobic text messages have been suspended. Chief Greg Suhr has asked a police oversight committee to approve firing the officers. He called the texts 'despicable' and said those who sent them 'clearly fall below the minimum standards required to be a police officer' Authorities say the offensive texts were sent between 2011 and 2012.
Just 250 jars are being produced, at £20 each, with all proceeds going to charity. Camilla's venture reflects a rocketing demand for gourmet honey. Sales of high-end versions are up by 45 per cent at Selfridges.
Denver Broncos cornerback Aqib Talib and his brother Yaqub are being investigated for aggravated assault. Talib was wanted on charges of aggravated assault with a deadly weapon in 2011 in Garland, Texas. He and his mother were accused of shooting a gun at his sister's live-in boyfriend while playing for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers in 2011  .
The Office of the Schools Adjudicator criticised the Oratory School in London for engaging in 'social selection' The state-funded school was ordered to revise its admissions policy last year. Watchdog accused the school of cherry-picking privileged white children using its strict faith-based entry requirements.
Kestutis Martuzevicius repeatedly stalled efforts to extradite him, claiming they breached his human rights. 52-year-old spun out legal battle for nearly five years by insisting he was mentally ill. In Lithuania he is accused of 22 crimes including two murders, robbery and extortion. European Court of Human Rights criticised his 'manifest'
Elderly woman, 84, suffered serious head injury after being run over by her husband's car. She also suffered injuries to her throat and legs, as well as various broken bones. Doctors placed her in medically-induced coma and she remains in critical condition.
Prasanna ‘Nick’ Arulchelvam died when he fell from a van while chasing a gang of thieves in Watford. Michael McInerney, 34, jailed for 11 years after admitting to pushing Mr Prasanna to death.
Cocket sausages were found on the Cuckoo Trail, a path running from Hampden Park to Heathfield. Comes after spate of dog poisonings in Brighton and Hove.
Video of the February 19 incident emerged on Tuesday and shows a cop car running into a suspect walking down a street in Marana, Arizona with a rifle. Mario Valencia, 36, was rushed to University of Arizona Medical Center in serious condition following the crash outside a self storage facility. Local police chief Terry Rozema spoke out on Wednesday to defend his officer and argue that deadly force was necessary. The footage has further stirred debate about the type of force it is appropiate for police to use in the town of Marana.
Darlene Feliciano, a manager at a Honolulu Walmart, was out on the Makapuu 'Tom-Tom' trail overlooking Sea Life Park along Kalanianaole Highway with a male friend when she slipped and fell. Firefighters received a distress call at around 12.45pm Friday.
The Randolph, in Oxford city centre, went up in flames this afternoon, with smoke billowing from the roof. The extent of the damage to the Grade II listed Victorian building remains unclear. No-one was injured and guests and staff evacuated to nearby theatre .
L'Ardéchoise is a quiet, well-established, family friendly site nestled on the banks of the picturesque Ardeche river. The region is famous for having the world's oldest cave paintings at Chauvet-Pont-d'Arc.
The Federal Court slammed Coles with a $2.5 million fine and banned them from advertising par-baked bread from being baked fresh on the day it is sold for three years. The falsified bread has generated a revenue of about $300 million for Coles. Former premier Jeff Kennett found the bread was made in Ireland.
Carwyn Scott-Howell was on holiday with his mother Ceri, nine, sister Antonia, 9, and brother Gerwyn, 19, in the Alps. He may have entered the dense woodland because he thought it was a shortcut to his hotel in Flaine. His family last night said his death had left them feeling 'utter devastation' with a 'vast void in our hearts' in a statement  .
Photographs show four men being interviewed by ISIS militants before they are beheaded. They are dragged before bloodthirsty crowds eager to see their executions in Mosul, Iraq. The savage punishment is significantly more extreme than ISIS' usual punishment for theft. The men's military-style clothing suggests the victims may well have been fighters themselves, experts say .
The 2015 Australian Fashion Report assessed the labour rights management systems of 59 companies and 219 brands operating in Australia. Lowes, Industrie, Best & Less and the Just Group - which includes Just Jeans, Portmans and Dotti - were identified as some of the worst performing companies. Amongst the best performers were Etiko, Audrey Blue, Cotton On, H&M and Zara   .
177 fire engines and 829 firefighters battled the blaze at the Goure PX Plant in Zhangzhou, Fujian province. Hundreds of residents were evacuated from their homes in the surrounding area after the blast on Monday night. It is the second accident at the controversial plant in just 20 months  .
Dante Gabriel Rossetti's muse Fanny Cornforth died penniless and suffering from dementia in 1909. Records from Graylingwell Hospital in Chichester, West Sussex, reveal she died at the age of 74. Cornforth posed for at least 60 of his artworks .
The disused Rhondda Tunnel, which runs 1,000 feet beneath the Welsh hills, was closed 50 years ago. It was shut down as part of the Beeching Report, which spelled the end for thousands of stations. But engineers are due to visit the 3,148m tunnel next week - for the first time since it closed .
Amjad Yaaqub, 16, said he stumbled on the barbaric scene shortly after the terrorists beat him unconscious. The schoolboy said the ISIS fighters were looking for his brother, who is a member of the Palestinian rebel group. Yarmouk was once a thriving district housing 160,000 Palestinian refugees and Syrians. But that was before it was caught up in civil unrest.
Video shows £126million jets approaching RAF Lossiemouth in Moray, Scotland. First of the aircraft - which can reach 1,370mph - blasted them with the thrust from its engines. As the second jet disappeared from view the camera was knocked sideways.
Scott Keyes, a 28-year-old writer for Think Progress, is about to travel 20,000miles on 21 flights. Along the way he will be stopping by 13 countries in Europe and South and North America while enjoying first class service. Keyes decided to plan his trip when he realized he had some free time between his departure from Oaxaca, Mexico, where he has lived for the past year, to return home to the United States and get back to full time work. In the end he spent somewhere between 10 and 15 hours putting the entire trip together, which also includes free hotels, at a cost of 136,500.
A defense petition to return Jamie Silvonek to the juvenile facility where she was initially sent was denied by Lehigh County Judge Maria Dantos on Friday. The 14-year-old is charged as an adult with homicide and criminal conspiracy. Her boyfriend, Caleb Barnes, 20, who is from El Paso, Texas, but was stationed at Fort Meade, Maryland, is charged with homicide. Cheryl Silv onek's body was found with stab wounds in a shallow grave about 50 miles northwest of Philadelphia, and her vehicle partially submerged in a pond a few miles from the family home.
Neil Patrick Harris and David Burtka's four-year-old twins Gideon and Harper prefer seafood, sushi, octopus, grilled pork, steak, Parmesan cheese, coconut, and spices like ginger, mint and cinnamon.
Samantha Simmonds and husband Phillip Davies have three children aged two, four and six. The mother-of-three took some time off work to spend time with her children on Easter holiday. But the break turned into a string of tantrums and bickering in the car .
In 1995, there were 154 million migrants who left their home country and moved to another for various reasons. By 2013, that number had risen to 231 million globally, according to the United Nations. Great Britain and Northern Ireland have the highest number of immigrants, with more than 7.8 million recorded.
Cecil Hamilton-Miller, from Kensington, London, was responsible for the convictions of 31 concentration camp guards in 1945. He struggled to talk to friends about the horrors he witnessed during the holocaust or the role he played after the liberation of Belsen.
Jayson McDonald was found hiding under a bed in Amsterdam in the Netherlands, while Paul Monk was captured at his luxury villa in Alicante. They were arrested as part of Operation Captura, a drive launched in 2006 by National Crime Agency, Crimestoppers and Spanish authorities. Both men are wanted by Metropolitan Police on suspicion of drugs offences.
Elijah McCrae's parents created a 30-item 'bucket list' for their terminally ill son. The five-month-old died in his mother's arms on Monday evening. He was diagnosed with a fatal genetic disease Type 1 Spinal Muscular Atrophy (SMA) His parents were devastated when he was diagnosed  .
Joseph O'Riordan, 73, stabbed his wife Amanda eight times after discovering she was having an affair. She was left with life-threatening injuries to her torso, chest, arms and back. He rang an ambulance after the attack in October last year and admitted what he had done. Four months later he wrote to his wife from jail while on remand.
David Cameron appeared weary with bags under his eyes and disheveled hair. In one day this week the Tory leader travelled to all four home nations in bid to secure votes. He has also had to wade into a number of arguments .
Meter Maids started in 1965 to stave off bad publicity associated with newly installed parking meters. The controversial move involved young women dressed in gold bikinis walking the main tourist strip and placing money into expired meters. Local business owners say the group is no longer performing a public service. Business leaders say it is time for them to move on .
General V.K. Singh is spearheading the rescue exercise in war-hit Yemen. The former army chief is currently staying in Djibouti for over a week spearheading Operation Rahat. The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) has distanced itself from views.
Zoe Hadley, 19, had been battling an undiagnosed illness since the age of 13. She was found dead at a hotel in Putney, south west London, last year after suffering a mystery illness. Inquest heard how doctors could find no physical cause for her illness and that she refused to accept she had mental health problems. She insisted on having a series of operations, including the removal of her healthy appendix. Also suffered from psychosis but hid the condition from doctors, making them think she was not a suicide risk.
Jacob Phillips, 23, was found dead at the end of the disused Northern Promenade in Penarth, South Wales. He had caught a taxi home after a night out with friends but didn't have enough cash to pay the fare. Cabbie Dave Sidaway said he would not have left him if he knew where they were .
Bernadette Forde, 51, was found dead in her wheelchair with a 'suicide note' on June 6, 2011. Her carer Gail O'Rorke, 43, has pleaded not guilty to helping her commit suicide. She is accused of making arrangements for Ms Forde to travel to Switzerland for an assisted suicide. The taxi driver is also alleged to have helped her buy and administer a toxic substance. Ireland decriminalised assisted suicide in 1993 but it remains illegal.
Latvian firm developing one megawatt electric race car to compete in Pikes Peak International Hill Climb. Runs on 50 kWh lithium-ion battery pack driving six YASA-400 electric motors. Top speed of 155 mph (249 km/h) on track.
Boeing’s ‘Space Bins’ can hold 50 per cent more carry-on luggage than existing compartments. Designed for future aircraft which will be used by the likes of Delta Air Lines and Alaska Airlines   .
Leanne Bourne, a mother-of-four from Romford, Essex, began to suspect her partner Steve was having an affair. But in a twist, the other woman turned out to be her younger sister Larissa Knipe. Larissa, who is seven years younger than Leanne, moved into her home when she was 17. The pair were spending increasing amounts of time together and Leanne became suspicious. Three years later, Larissa revealed she was pregnant and claimed not to know who the father was   .
Dais Goodwin has had problems with head lice since she was 19 and says she has suffered with them almost 100 times since then. She was lucky to have a few nit-free years in her early twenties but didn't escape the parasites entirely as they returned when she had children. Daisy has now spent a small fortune on louse-busting treatments for her children .
The federal government will give Shoshana Hebshi $40,000 as compensation for being humiliated on the 10th anniversary of the 9/11 terrorist attacks. armed agents forced her from a plane at Detroit Metropolitan Airport, made her undress during a search and held her for hours. Frontier Airlines, the Transportation Security Administration and Wayne County Airport Authority were named in the federal lawsuit. The ACLU said she was ethnically profiled .
Peter Reece, his fiancee, mother and six-month-old daughter were parked on an Ocean Shores, Washington, beach on Thursday when the tide came in and trapped the family. The wheels of the car sunk into the wet sand, so they were unable to move. Reece was able to get out on his own, but his mother and daughter were trapped inside. Seconds later a wave hit the car, flipping it and pulling it out to sea before it was recovered .
The average shoe size in the UK has risen from a dainty 4½ in 1900 to a roomy six today. Kate Winslet, 39, has revealed that her co-star Leonardo DiCaprio referred to her feet as 'my canoes'
Images of the rules began to circulate on social media, two weeks after defeat at Tikrit. Some ISIS supporters appear to be exasperated by the apparent leaking of information and discussions of the defeat. Specific details like the manufacturing of new weapons and pictures of ISIS fighters have been deemed by ISIS as a breach of online security .
Kate Hudson, Angelina Jolie, Rachel Weisz and Gwen Stefani all look the same as they did in 2001. Pharrell Williams and Jared Leto have hardly aged a day in the last 12 years since 2003 .
Female crews representing Oxford and Cambridge universities rowed the same stretch of the River Thames as the men for the first time. Oxford claimed their fourth win in five years in a supreme show of strength in the 161st men's boat race. President Constantine Louloudis claimed a fourth and final boat race victory.
Tibor Racsits, 42, had gone to pick up his daughter Kiara from the movies at Charlestown Square in Newcastle, north of Sydney, on Sunday night when they were attacked. One 15-year-old boy was charged with assault and affray, the other with assault occasioning actual bodily harm, affray and a count of stealing after he allegedly took a wallet and phone .
The Martin Burgess Clock B is based on John Harrison's 18th century clock, which he thought up to solve the problem of determining longitude at sea. It has been part of a 100-day trial at the Royal Observatory, in Greenwich.
Philip and Victoria Sherlock have been living out of their car for three months after losing their job. Philip lost his job as a gardener following a stomach operation and then their benefits were cut. Couple were forced to sell furniture and take out pay-day loans to pay for Victoria's job and live in their car .
New poster campaign shows Ms Sturgeon manipulating a puppet Labour leader. Tory chairman Grant Shapps said: ‘The only way that Ed Miliband might crawl through the gates of No10 now is if he’s carried there by the SNP’. SNP leader reveals her party's manifesto will include pledges in policy areas which don’t directly affect Scotland.
Phillip and Gaby Beckle-Raymond bought their home in North London for £325,000 five years ago. When they sprung a small leak in the roof, they called in a builder who recommended they re-tile the roof. But he told them the roof structure was unsound so he wouldn't be able to re- tile it .
Aaron Hernandez, 25, is serving life in prison for the murder of Odin Lloyd in June 2013. Hernandez has been accused of shooting six men - killing three and severely wounding three others. He was captain of his high school football team and rated as the best football player in the state of Connecticut in his senior year. Hernandez grew up in a tough neighborhood in Bristol, Connecticut, but never seemed to leave the streets behind .
Jack Cordero, from Portland, Oregon, vomited all over the floor of a Powell's bookstore in March. The manager said the mess was 'gigantic' and had to clean it up, along with her assistant manager. The apology letter went viral.
Nyia Parler, 41, was taken into custody by authorities in Montgomery County, Maryland overnight Saturday on charges including aggravated assault, simple assault and neglect of a care-dependent person. Police say she traveled to Maryland from Pennsylvania either last Sunday or Monday after leaving her 21-year-old wheelchair-bound son in a wooded park with nothing but a blanket and a Bible. Parler's son, who is non-verbal and suffers from cerebral palsy, was found on Friday night lying beneath a rain-soaked blanket 10 feet from his wheelchair.
New Yorker Amanda Chatel explained in an essay for Your Tango that she is pushing for 'yes means yes' sex contracts to become mandatory on college campuses across the country. The law was first passed in California in 2014 and defines consent as 'affirmative, conscious, and voluntary agreement to engage in sexual activity' from each partner  .
Slipper Island is a 2.7 km long, 1.8 km wide landmass located 4 km off the coast of the New Zealand's North Island. It boasts two airstrips and six houses, all with nearby beaches and sweeping ocean views. The 217 hectare island was purchased by former property developer Wendy Wei Mei Wu for AUD $6.75 million. Ms Wu made headlines in 2010 for making the biggest private home sale of the year, the $NZ 15 million Fairholm Mansion in the affluent Auckland suburb of Remuera. The sale has divided the Needham family.
Stacey Johnson, now 22, was diagnosed with an inoperable brain tumour in 2007. She has undergone gruelling rounds of chemotherapy and radiotherapy for eight years. Her sister Dannii, now 20, helped her mother care for her throughout her teenage years. She became her full-time carer last year, but began to suffer headaches and feel ill. She was shocked to discover she too had a tumour, although hers is benign   .
Clarence David Moore, 66, escaped from a North Carolina prison as a 23-year-old inmate in June 1972. Moore has been on the run from the law for more than four decades, until Monday afternoon when he called the Franklin County Sheriff's Office in Kentucky and admitted to being a fugitive. Moore, who suffers from several ailments and cannot walk, was captured being wheeled out of his Frankfort home on a gurney and taken to a hospital before being sent to jail .
TNS survey shows the SNP has almost doubled its lead over Labour in a month. Only 24 per cent of Scots plan to vote for Ed Miliband in general election, poll shows. SNP surge since independence referendum puts Labour on course to lose dozens of seats  .
Around 16 million tourists visit Florence every year, visiting historical sights such as the Duomo. Prince Ottaviano de’Medici di Toscana, representative of the Historic House of the Medici, is aiming to reclaim the city from the ruins of mass tourism .
Christine Davidson was diagnosed with terminal brain cancer in 2001. The 61-year-old was told she had between nine months to three years to live. The mother of two passed away on Thursday at an Adelaide nursing home at the age of 61. Four days before she died, her family noticed her diamond engagement ring was missing from her finger at the home .
President Barack Obama became the first American president to visit the island nation since President Ronald Reagan in 1982. Prime Minister Portia Simpson Miller told President Obama the citizens of her country loved him, and she loved him as well. She also asked President Obama to exonerate black nationalist leader Marcus Garvey, who was convicted in the U.S. of mail fraud in the 1920s. President Obama signaled Thursday he will soon remove Cuba from the US list of state sponsors of terrorism, boosting hopes for improved ties as he prepared for his meeting with President Castro. The highly anticipated interaction with Castro will test the power of personal diplomacy as the two leaders attempt to move.
Patrick Morrison raped his niece Sabrina Morrison when she was 13 in March 2007 but authorities falsely said there was no evidence of the attack. The rape kit showed traces of semen but deputies did not collect a blood sample from him and left him walking the streets. For the next four years, he continued to rape the mentally-disabled girl and even got her pregnant. He threatened to kill her if she told anyone about the assaults and she was sent to live in a group home. Finally, in 2011, the case was re-opened and he was arrested and sentenced to 24 years in prison. His rape was among more than 400 sex-crime cases that were inadequately investigated or not looked into at all.
Trevor Noah has separated from long-term girlfriend Dani Gabriel after a heart-to-heart about his future plans. The pair began dating in early 2014 and have known each other for at least four years. Gabriel, 28, runs her own physiotherapist practice in Cape Town and has several family members in the city meaning she will have been reluctant to relocate to America. Source close to Noah said the pair are still friends .
Lily Sharp began by texting her mother a seemingly innocent message: 'You didn't tell me the decorator man was coming mate!' She then took the prank a step further by pretending to her panicked mum that the intruder had her phone  .
Manchester City lost 1-0 to Arsenal in the Women's Super League clash on Sunday. Jill Scott was sent off for an apparent headbutt on Arsenal defender Jade Bailey. The England international apologised for the incident after the game as City fell to defeat.
Adrian Schaffner recorded the video of himself and his dog at the small skiing resort of Minschuns in Val Müstair. Dog named Sintha appears entirely at ease.
Vin Los, 24, has 24 tattoos on his face, neck, chest, arms, legs, and stomach. He says the Sharpie-like tattoos create 'a myth, a mystery' and help him achieve his goal of becoming the most famous man in the world.
Sarah Watson, 34, had a brief liaison with the Manchester United defender at a Christmas party. But the fling turned into a nightmare after she was falsely accused of trying to extort £100,000 from him. High Court has overturned a gagging order against Ms Watson who claims Rojo and his representatives framed her.
Eamon Sullivan, 29, proposed to girlfriend Naomi Bass, 28, in Kyoto, Japan two weeks ago. The couple met in Perth in 2011 and are now back in Perth. Sullivan won two Olympic silver medals in Beijing in 2008.
Paul Simon has topped the UK albums chart for the first time in 25 years. His latest release, The Ultimate Collection, outsold albums by Ed Sheeran and Sam Smith. It is the 73-year-old's first number one since 1990's The Rhythm of the Saints.
Public land managers are desperate to reduce the most recent 'significantly rampant population' of the pest. It comes after over 30 government bodies scattered carrots laced with calicivirus around public areas in March. The pest causes millions of dollars of major agricultural and environmental damage each year. About 70-100 per cent of rabbits die once infected with the virus, which damages the animal's liver and gut and causes haemorrhaging.
TV presenter and motorcycle racer Guy Martin is facing a police probe after boasting of reaching speeds of up to 180mph. The 33-year-old wrote a review of the Vanquish Carbon Edition supercar after test driving it on the Isle of Man's TT course. He said he reached the top speed as he entered the village of Sulby .
Officers in Mesquite, Texas came upon the burning SUV belonging to 25-year-old Hector Valles early Sunday morning. Valles' clothes had begun to burn as he lay unconscious behind the wheel. Bystanders alongside Valles car can be heard yelling, 'He's still breathing' in the dashcam footage that shows the officers pulling him from the burning wreckage of his car.
The watches are the latest expensive gift from luxury electronics firm Goldgenie. They are available in 24 karat gold, rose gold or platinum and your choice of strap - including python skin. The watch is also adorned with a one carat diamond plus hundreds of other smaller diamonds in the strap. The Apple Watch will go on sale in Apple shops and selected department stores on April 24 in the UK .
Bryan Stow was left brain damaged after two men attacked him outside LA Dodgers' stadium in March 2011. The father-of-two was kept in a medically induced coma for several months to assist his recovery. Louie Sanchez and Marvin Norwood were jailed for eight and seven years respectively for the attack. Mr Stow has been left permanently brain damaged and has short-term memory problems . WARNING: GRAPHIC CONTENT.
Johanna Powell, a picture editor working for BBC Wales, was on holiday in Laos with three friends. The 37-year-old was travelling on a wooden cruise boat when it hit a rock and sank 'within a minute' Rescuers launched a massive search along 20km of the Mekong river to try and find her .
Poets House is a swish new hotel in Ely, Cambridgeshire, a three-minute walk from the cathedral. 21 rooms, all with copper standalone baths placed near luxurious double beds, offer terrific value at £159 a night.
Judy Murray, 55, has had a makeover since her appearance on Strictly Come Dancing last year. But she could be outshone by Leonore Sears, 53, who has long been admired on the tennis circuit. The ceremony is being hailed as Scotland's royal wedding.
Packs of Cadbury chocolate Fingers have come down by 11g - the equivalent of two chocolate fingers. Price at Sainsbury's has risen from £1 to £1.50 over the past year, but it has come down at Tesco. The popular biscuits are made under licence by another manufacturer.
Exploitation has driven low-skilled migration and held down wages for British workers, Labour leader said. A new unit of 100 staff would work with Gangmasters Licensing Authority and police. But Nigel Farage and James Brokenshire dismissed Miliband's ideas and said he was doing nothing to control.
Topshop and Topman set to launch second store in NSW at Westfield Miranda on Thursday 16th April. Brand will host four full days of shopper specials including guest appearances, opening offers, complimentary stylists and giveaways. The store will be 100 square metre  .
Five-year-old Jerry Tarkanian suffered a stroke at about 4am on Friday. His parents said he complained of pain in his legs and was taken to the hospital. Family said the boy has never had health issues and is conscious and moving around better since the stroke  .
Heather Mack, 19, could spend 15 years in jail for the murder of her mother, 62-year-old socialite Sheila von Wiese-Mack. She is accused of killing her mother and stuffing her body in a suitcase in a Bali hotel last August. Mack has been keeping her baby with her in a crowded cell in Bali's Kerobokan prison with eight other prisoners  .
A 16-year-old who was born a girl but identifies as a boy has been granted the opportunity to go through male puberty. The Queensland teen has been given permission by a Brisbane-based judge to receive testosterone injections. He has been taking puberty blockers for a year and has worn a boy's uniform for two years.
Tony Morris QC is mounting a landmark legal challenge against Queensland's speed-camera laws. Mr Morris says he wasn't driving when his Volvo was photographed doing 57km/h in a 50 km/h zone last year. He has invoked a spousal privilege case from 1817  .
Orrden Williams Jr. says he was outside a BP gas station in Memphis, Tennessee, when a crowd of loud and unruly teenagers suddenly descended upon the establishment. Williams, who was with a baby, asked the teens to be quiet, and soon after was sucker punched and attacked. He ended up covered in bruises because of the unprovoked attack, and his baby was also almost hit by the teens. Police arrested Joe Brittman, a student at Northwest Prep Academy, on Wednesday .
Wiley Bridgeman, 60, and Kwame Ajamu, 57, were sentenced to death in 1975 for the murder of Cleveland businessman Harry Franks. They were exonerated last year after the prosecution's star witness recanted his testimony. Ricky Jackson, now 59, was the longest serving person ever to be exonerated after his 1975 conviction. The $1.6million includes calculated damages amounting to about $969,000. The brothers' attorneys said compensation for lost wages has yet to be determined.
Gizzi Erskine, 35, posed with her pet cat Kimchi for Puss Puss magazine. The cat fancier admits her fussy feline loves poppadoms, tortilla chips and taramasalata. Kimchi 'loves human food and will steal it off our plate if we’re not looking' Gizzi also wants a cat tattoo .
Jin Pai, 35, was standing on rim of toilet in Hefei Xinqiao International Airport when it collapsed. He had not wanted his bottom to touch seat because he was 'worried it might not be clean' .
Kazi Islam, 18, met Harry Thomas, 19, at Barking and Dagenham College in October 2013. The pair began talking about buying 'ingredients' for a pipe bomb, Old Bailey heard. Islam used 'cake' as a codeword for 'bomb' but Thomas failed to understand his ruse. Islam is accused of preparing for acts of terrorism at the Old Bailey .
Luke Shambrook was last seen leaving Candlebark Campground in Fraser National Park, central Victoria at 9.30am on Good Friday. The 11-year-old was camping in the national forest with his family. It is understood he wandered off and has not been seen since. Luke has limited speech and his family says he is confused.
Jarret Stoll, 32, was booked for drug possession and released on $5,000 bond Friday. He was arrested on suspicion of possession of cocaine and Molly at the Wet Republic pool at the MGM Grand Hotel in Las Vegas. Stoll is the longtime boyfriend of Dancing With The Stars host Erin Andrews, 36, who co-hosts the show with Fox Sports sideline reporter Erin Andrews. The Kings player was rushed to the hospital in 2013 after having a seizure at his home in Hermosa Beach, California.
Dr. Frederic Brandt, 65, was found hanged at his home in Coral Gables, Florida, on April 5. Friends said he was 'devastated' by a character in the Netflix comedy show 'The Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt' Some said he had laughed off the comparisons but others were convinced it played a part in his decision to end his life. There was no mention of the show, or appearances by any of his many celebrity clients, at a memorial service held at the Temple Israel in Miami on Sunday.
Toby Perkins is deputy chairman of the Labour election campaign and MP for Chesterfield. Email revealed that interns are paid just £4 per day for 12-hour shifts. Labour is trying to get around the problem by saying the interns will be paid nothing at all, making them volunteers rather than workers.
Dave Rickard, 72, and his wife Brenda, 67, were on holiday in Caernarfon, North Wales. Their West Highland terrier Daisy fell 10ft from a quay into the sea and was pulled from the water. Daisy was pulled out by a passing fisherman who hooked a pole through her collar.
North Sea has warmed four times faster than the global average in the past 40 years. Species won't be able to migrate north to avoid warming temperatures because habitat of a suitable depth is rare. UK fisheries will need to replace current species with those that prefer warmer water .
Peter Morris was devastated when his sister, Claire, died in a car crash in 1994. Only a year before, he had walked her down the aisle to give her away to her husband, Malcolm Webster. It took two decades for the truth to be revealed - Claire had been murdered by Webster. Webster had drugged his wife before taking her for a drive and setting her on fire. Last year Claire's story was turned into an ITV drama starring Sheridan Smith.
The woman was watching the Pittsburgh Pirates take on the Chicago Cubs at PNC Park on Monday night. She was making her way back to her seat during the second inning when the ball was hit behind and careered into her head. There was a net in place but, as she was standing so close, she was hit because of slack.
Rutherford, 46, claims her children were illegally deported to France when a California Court awarded custody to her ex-husband Daniel Giersch, 40, two years ago. She claimed that no other U.S. court has ordered children to live in another country when they have an able parent in the United States. The case was dismissed with a court order stating that it did not have the jurisdiction to force the kids, Hermes, 8, and Helena, 5, to come back to the US. The dismissal of her case states that Rutherford failed to argue why the federal court should intervene in her custody dispute .
Natalie Swindells, 26, eats four bowls of the cereal every day. She can’t face eating much else and has not tasted a vegetable for nearly two decades. The bank worker stopped eating most other foods from the age of two.
Peter Kelly, a 34-year-old volunteer high school wrestling coach, was stabbed in the chest beside the St Croix River at 9.45pm on Tuesday as he fished with a friend. The two men were on the Minnesota side of the river when they heard three men being loud and rude on the Wisconsin side and asked them to quieten down. The argument escalated and Kelly was stabbed .
A man was caught on video savagely beating an elderly truck driver along the side of Route 95 near Baltimore, Maryland. The aggressor is seen on video as he throws and punches the old man after the man hit his car as he changed lanes and cut him off. Tommy Solis, who filmed the incident, drove by and tried to break up the fight. The man refused to stop and got in the face of Solis' friend, who clocked him .
Pictures posted on Twitter by anti-ISIS campaign group Raqqa is Being Slaughtered Silently. They show scores of downtrodden Syrians queuing for food in the terror group's self-declared capital Raqqa. Pictures show life spent in the dark and cold for hours on end.
MicroCon 2015 has been dubbed the first North American gathering of micronations. The leaders of places with names like Molossia, Westarctica, Vikesland and Broslavia are coming together at the Anaheim Central Library. Many of their citizens have a population of less than 10  .
Logan Kehoe, 13, was having a final dip in the pool at a holiday complex in Costa Teguise when he died. Emergency services dashed to the pool on Saturday afternoon but were unable to save him. He was a pupil at Bishop Challoner Catholic College.
Ukip leader Nigel Farage has resorted to traditional campaign methods to get out the vote. Polls show he is trailing his Tory opponent Craig Mackinlay by 1% in Thanet South. Comes after Cameron and Clegg were also snapped on the campaign trail with mothers and their babies in the last few days .
Illinois State associate coach Torrey Ward, meat processing business owner Scott Bittner and bar owner Terry Stralow have been confirmed as among the dead. The Cessna 414 crashed near Bloomington, Illinois, shortly after midnight on Tuesday. The party had been at the NCAA championship game between Duke and Wisconsin in Indianapolis. All seven occupants were pronounced dead by the county coroner.
Liftoff of the 208ft (63 metre) tall Falcon 9 rocket was scheduled for 4:33pm EDT/2033GMT from Cape Canaveral. But poor weather conditions meant the countdown was halted at the 2 1/2-minute mark. The company will now attempt to launch the uncrewed rocket at 4:10pm ET tomorrow .
Shona Banda, 37, has said she will continue to fight for custody of her 11-year-old son after Kansas authorities placed the boy into protective custody. The divorced Garden City mother has been at the center of a social media storm after she went public with her story about using cannabis oil to treat her Crohn's disease. The case has been forwarded to the Finney County district attorney's office for a decision about charges.
The Channel Islands Heritage Festival celebrates 70 years since the liberation of the Channel Islands. Guernsey's only five-star hotel was commandeered as the General Staff Headquarters during occupation.
The seemingly meaningless symbols have been daubed on walls or pavements in East Kilbride, Lanarkshire. But the squiggles are actually thought to be a 'code' for crooks, giving potential housebreakers details about the building .
Tommy Connolly hadn't seen his 17-year-old cousin in 10 years when she added him on Facebook. He found out she was homeless, illiterate and 32 weeks pregnant on the Gold Coast. Mr Connolly picked her up from where she was sleeping rough, let her move into his flat and helped her raise her baby boy.
Frances Bean Cobain, 22, spoke to Rolling Stone Magazine about her documentary Kurt Cobain: Montage of Heck. Reveals she's not a big fan of her dad's music. Says she's more into Mercury Rev, Oasis and Brian Jonestown Massacre   .
Anil Saxena, from Mumbai, uses ingenious retouching to create pictures of anything from a woman hanging a zebra's stripes on the line to a pair of hands knitting a green field. The photographer has a background in graphic design and CGI.
Art, design and photography community BoredPanda has created a thread encouraging parents to upload cute images of their babies showcasing their parents' 'true nerdy colors' Parents have dressed their babies up as sci-fi characters, comic books, books, TV shows and comic books .
Britain's Got Talent returns to our screens for a ninth series tomorrow. The auditions for the nationwide search will be televised for six weeks until a winner is chosen. The biggest star to come out of the show by far is Scottish singing sensation Susa Boyle - but she didn't actually win.
Eighteen firefighters freed the Havana cob called Cody after he went for a lengthy dip. Owner Tracey Hannant, from Bexleyheath, south London, said her horse looked like Black Beauty when it emerged from the ditch.
The chilling details of a 'resurrection ceremony' held for a 'possessed' two-year-old boy in a Texas residence have emerged following the arrest of a pastor. Witnesses told police that pastor Aracely Meza, 49, and the boy's parents believed he had a 'demon' inside of him, and that he was starved for 25 days. Church member Nazareth Zurita said the toddler, whose name has not been released, fell and hit his head several times, but she hesitated to help him 'due to his demon possession' Meza was charged on Monday with injury to a child by omission  .
Oxford scientists say a Mercury-like body struck the young Earth. The object would have been the heat source for our planet's core. The same object could have been responsible for creating the moon. It also explains where some rare-Earth elements came from. The dramatic event could explain why our planet has a hot core that gives it its magnetic field.
Spending on consultants has doubled to £1.4billion over the past four years. Hundreds of ‘team leaders’ working on aid projects earn at least £120,000 a year. Daily rates of between £800 and £1000.
A man has died after he was crushed by a garbage truck doing the early morning rounds in Melbourne's west. Police say the man was collecting bins in Footscray early on Saturday morning when the truck rolled forward and pinned him against a pole.
'crystal clear' footage was handed into police by worker 50ft from crime scene, it is claimed. The worker had reportedly contacted 101 - the police non-emergency number - on Monday last week. But even though police raced to obtain CCTV once report was made, force has refused to make images public. Comes after force criticised for ignoring alarm on Good Friday.
The island of St Helena is 1,200 miles off the coast of West Africa. It was discovered by Portuguese explorer Juan de Nova in 1502 by the Trade Winds. The island, which is smaller than central Paris has just 4,200 inhabitants - and 850 of them live in the capital of Jamestown.
A selection of 36 sweets - including liquorice sticks, cola bottles, jelly beans and gummy bears - are on sale. All guaranteed to be free of animal products or alcohol-based ingredients .
James Ward, 31, of Burnley, Lancashire, also had several other fingers partially severed. Surgeons were forced to use staples to seal wounds to his head, legs, and back. He is now in hiding and is too afraid to return to his home.
Jessica Knight suffers from pica, a rare medical disorder that makes her want to eat non-nutritious substances. Doctors say they are unable to treat her until she is at least six years old.
Bernard Whalen's new book charts the early rise of the NYPD from it beginnings in 1898 when the New York area's 18 independent police forces merged into one. A variety of men led the force through its formative years, 21 in total. Some were forward looking, some practical but more than a fair share were scoundrels, larcenists or guilty of dereliction of duty .
Amanda Taylor, 24, has been charged with first-degree murder in the stabbing death of her former father-in-law, 59-year-old Charles Taylor. Police say she stabbed the man to death in retaliation for last year's suicide of her husband, Rex Taylor, who was introduced to drugs at age 15. Charles Taylor was found stabbed to death at his home near Ellet, North Carolina, on April 4 . Taylor's suspected accomplice, 32- year-old Sean Ball, was found wounded on the Blue Ridge Parkway .
Kim Kardashian: Hollywood is the app from the reality star, which uses her likeness and voice. Users have to build a celebrity empire similar to Kim's. Characters fit into three categories: potential love-interests, career-boosters, or arch-nemesis. Kim's real life family have all lent their likeness and voices to the game, including Kris, Kourtney and Khloé.
57% of adults in the UK claim to use a discount store like Poundland every week. Of those 53% are in the top A/B social class, who on average earn more than £35,000-a-year. News comes on the back of rise in popularity of Aldi and Lidl, dubbed 'Lidl'
Endometriosis is a condition where bits of the uterus lining grow in other places outside the uterus. 90 per cent of women will experience period pain in their life time. Most 'normal' period pain can be fixed with ibuprofen or an over-the-counter anti-inflammatory, says Dr Lara Briden.
Bernie Madoff is serving 150 years in prison for carrying out a $65 billion Ponzi style fraud. A new book claims he put pressure on an Israeli model who was dating his dealer Silvio Eboli to sleep with him. Eboli is believed to have never confronted him.
Edwin 'Jock' Mee, 46, allegedly targeted 11 cadets aged between 15 and 25 on a military base in south London. It is claimed that he went on to rape one of the cadets at the Mitcham Barracks Army Careers and Information Office in Croydon. Mee denies 17 counts of sexual assault, three counts of rape and one count of assault by penetration between 2010 and 2011 .
The explosion on a Pacific Gas & Electric Co. pipe carrying natural gas happened at the gun range. It happened while an equipment operator and a group of county jail inmates were expanding a road alongside Highway 99. The flames shot well over 100 feet into the air, witnesses said. Eleven people were injured, three critically, in the explosion.
Dane Bowers, 35, is accused of hitting ex-fiancee Sophie Cahill, 31, in front of her young son in February. The former Another Level star will appear in court next month charged with common assault. The singer and the former Miss Wales got engaged in December last year .
Ellie Harrison, 37, said she would love to stay where she is for 'a long time' on the BBC show. Mother-of-two said that as a woman 'what you get is not down to you' and she wouldn't be surprised if she was replaced   .
Terry McCarty suffered third-degree burns to 70 per cent of his body in childhood accident. His brothers filled a bowl with kerosene which was set alight and accidentally knocked on to him. He endured 58 operations as well as cruel taunts from bullies who called him Freddy Krueger. But he was determined to overcome the harrowing experience that had crippled his confidence for years to become firefighter.
Sarah Vine says the BBC need to look further than just men when it comes to finding a replacement for Jeremy Clarkson. She says women love cars just as much as men . Vine says she's perfect for the job because she loves cars so much.
Douglas Murphy, 47, was cleaning up after a children's picnic when he bumped his leg against a bin bag. A cut so small it was barely visible became infected, causing necrotizing faciitis - a flesh-eating bug. Surgeons were preparing to amputate his right leg when antibiotics began to work. The father-of-two, from Brooklyn, New York, is now working to raise awareness of the rare condition  .
Peter Tait is the headmaster of Sherborne Preparatory School in Dorset. He said parents have become 'dervishes' about their children's education and should take a back seat. Mr Tait said modern trend of interfering stemmed from parents being bombarded with information.
The unnamed man, who died from variant Creutzfeldt-Jakob (vCJD) disease in May 2014, was a naturalized U.S. citizen originally from the Middle East. The report concluded the man's illness resulted from his eating tainted UK beef before he moved to the United States in the 1990s.
Prince George's birth in 2013 sparked a £247m sales bonanza for makers of royal memorabilia. But experts say the second royal baby is unlikely to have the same effect. Most of the money will be spent on champagne and cake rather than royal souvenirs  .
Peter Hiett, a decorated former prison guard, worked at Feltham Young Offenders Institution for eight years. He said staff would put inmates in a cell padded with mattresses and leave them to fight out differences. Claims echo scenes from 1999 film Fight Club, in which gangsters organise mass brawls .
British company Swan, which sold its first iron in 1933, has just released a top-of-the-range steam generator iron. As well as being more powerful, it also produces twice as much steam. But does it really make things easier? Tessa Cunningham.
Niamh Geaney, a 26-year-old TV presenter from Dublin, teamed up with two male friends on a project they dubbed Twin Strangers. They were soon inundated with submissions from all over the world. Niamh found her match in Karen Branigan.
Stephanie Scott's body was found in Cocoparra National Park north of Griffith, NSW on Friday. The 26-year-old teacher was last seen on Easter Sunday and her disappearance sparked a widespread search for the much-loved teacher. Her body has been transported to Glebe Morgue in Sydney and an autopsy will be carried out this week. Mother-of-three Jodie Salerno said her children 'don't want to return' to school because they are so upset. Vincent Stanford, 24, was charged with Ms Scott's murder on Thursday and has been uncooperative.
Carine Roitfeld, global fashion director, personally chose the 19-year-old model along with Jing Wen, Laura James, Anna Cleveland, Ondria Hardin, Antonia Wilson, Kitty Hayes, and Paige Reifler for the spread.
Zhao Pingan's mother was in labour when she and her husband were hit by a truck. Both of his parents were killed in the accident, but not before the mother gave birth at the scene. Pingan was given the name Zhao Pingan which means 'safe'
Dina Nemtsova, 13, made her debut in a photoshoot with Russian fashion label Yulia Prohorova White Zoloto. Appeared alongside her mother and Nemtsov's partner, Ekaterina Odintsova. Mother hopes new career will help her overcome father's death.
Anthony Barbour, 33, from Liverpool, takes his camera everywhere and spends hours slowly rotating in one spot taking 50 pictures. He uses a Canon 1100d DSLR with either a 18-55mm kit lens or a Tokina 11-16mm.
'Fullips' device is a sort of suction-thimble that has gone viral online. Team behind it claim it can achieve an Angelina Jolie-sized pout. But Charlotte found the results were not quite as dramatic as she had hoped .
Lesley Conman's daughter Abbie, 12, was sent sexualised messages by an online pervert on Facebook. Kerry Green's daughter Emily, 13, was threatened with explicit pictures if she did not play along. Humberside Police refused to investigate as no offence had been committed .
Nicola Sturgeon is living proof that women become sexier with age, income and office. In 2001 she dressed according to the Angela Merkel school of leadership - a boxy, androgynous look. Today she has shed pounds, bleached her hair, squeezed her feet into Kurt Geiger heels and bleached hair.
Ashley Jiron, owner of P.B. Jams in Warr Acres, Oklahoma, noticed someone looking for food in bins behind her restaurant. She taped a sign to her window appealing to the person to come forward so she could give them a proper meal - free of charge  .
Alison Saunders accused of ignoring the rights of victims and perpetrating Establishment cover-ups. Labour peer Lord Janner should not be charged despite evidence of 22 offences against nine victims dating back to 1960s. Home Secretary Theresa May became the first Cabinet Minister to question DPP's judgment. Leicestershire Constabulary considering legal challenge against decision. Former DPP Lord Macdonald said it would have been better if Janner had undergone procedure whereby a jury can decide on facts of a case without apportioning guilt and without a sentence being passed, if a suspect is unfit to plead.   .
David Cameron will launch multi-billion pound sale of Lloyds Bank shares if he wins Election. Prime Minister will offer public £4 billion of Lloysds shares still held by the Government. Individuals will be allowed to buy up to £10,000 worth of the banking group shares.
The $250 (£168) device recognises the electronic signature of different devices. It monitors a home around the clock so it can tell users if they have left their oven on, if their washing is finished and if the water is cold. When used with another app, Neurio can be used to turn appliances and household devices on and off remotely. It can also be used by services such as IFTTT which allows devices to be controlled.
Jeremy Clarkson was due to record Have I Got News For You episode on April 23. It would have been his first appearance on BBC since being dismissed for hitting Top Gear producer. Show's producers say they expect him to return to show later in the year.
Joselyn Alejandra Niño is believed to have been killed, dismembered and stuffed in a beer cooler. She gained notoriety in January when a picture of her grasping a modified M4 assault rifle began circulating online. The woman, who looks like she is in her late teens or early 20s, began operating under the name Rio Bravo .
The 44-year-old said she and Alice Arnold returned to the register office where their civil partnership ceremony was held. This time they did not have a ceremony at Chiswick House, West London, nor did they invite any guests.
Virginia Roberts is being sued for defamation by high profile US attorney Alan Dershowitz. Miss Roberts has also been branded 'despicable' by model agency owner Jean Luc Brunel who is considering legal action .
Barry Lyttle, 33, has pleaded guilty to recklessly causing grievous bodily harm. He was charged with leaving his brother, Patrick, 31, in a coma after a late night argument on January 3. Patrick was rushed to hospital and spent six days in an induced coma. Barry will now be sentenced in Sydney's local court, where the maximum jail term is two years. The Irishman could learn his fate as soon as Thursday afternoon .
Hamish Baillie, 47, claims he was molested by Lord Janner during a game of hide-and-seek in 1983. Claims he was 15-year-old resident of a children’s home when he was abused by the Labour peer. Father-of-three says he turned to drugs as a result of the abuse, which left him 'questioning himself' . Director of Public Prosecutions Alison Saunders concluded dementia made him unfit.
Dorian Poe, 11, from Burlington, Ontario, sent his favorite toy bear, called Tikko, out on the global adventure in January 2013. The bear has made it to 24 countries in his first 10 months of traveling, while inviting the world to join in with his journey.
Six-strong gang dressed in high-vis jackets were captured on CCTV working throughout Thursday night. They spent another eight hours cleaning out the jewels and cash left there for safekeeping on Saturday. Scotland Yard refused to confirm whether they had seen the footage before it was handed to them by the Mirror. It is likely to place even more pressure on police already under fire for not responding to the alarm. WARNING: GRAPHIC CONTENT.
Hannah Bluck, 18, from Porthcawl, south Wales, has played for Wales youth national teams at U19, U17 and U16 level. The promising centre-back suffered a sickening dislocation of her ankle and fractured her fibia and tibia after falling while running on astroturf .
Motaz Zaid, 20, was with a friend in Parsons Green, south west London, in the early hours of Friday. Masked men sprayed them with ammonia and assaulted them with pliers and tools. Friend, 19, was stabbed several times in the back and legs during the ordeal.
Zbigniew Huminski, 38, was indicted for kidnapping, raping and murdering nine-year-old Chloe. He was on his way to see his sister in Southampton when he 'stopped for a beer' in Calais and attacked her. Huminski has a long criminal record in France and Poland and was banned from France for earlier offences. His lawyer said: 'I have not been able to speak much with him, he does not talk much and, it seems, is in shock' .
Samuel Tushingham dragged his partner out of bed, slapped her around the head and threw a toaster at her. District judge Bridget Knight described him as a 'caveman' but spared him jail and ordered him to go on a relationship course.
Darren Humphries, 37, began throwing Cadbury Mini Eggs at wife Claire, 31, after drunkenly losing his temper. He flipped when his partner of 14 years refused to allow him into her home to see their two children. He was jailed for eight weeks at Worcester Magistrates Court.
Video shows Cher Lair from Apex, North Carolina, cutting into a cake at her gender reveal party with family gathered around. She did not know the sex of her baby and gave the scan results to a baker. Bystanders can be heard cheering and clapping in the background.
The far-right Afrikaner Resistance Movement (AWB) is training thousands of youths in military-style bootcamps northwest of Johannesburg. By day they are pushed to their physical limits with assault courses and self-defence lessons. By night, they are subjected to vile racist indoctrination which many hoped had disappeared from South Africa.
Police in Western Australia have come under fire after reports emerged that hundreds of officers unlawfully accessed information relating to the arrests of fallen AFL star Ben Cousins. Officers also reportedly accessed files containing information about Daniel Kerr, a fellow former West Coast Eagles player. Acting Commissioner of West Australian Police, Stephen Brown confirmed an internal investigation is underway. Allegations will be investigated under Criminal Code.
Mysterious young soldier known as the 'Handsome Man' has been drawn into the centre of an Anzac Day controversy after his image was used to front Woolworths' 'Fresh in our memories' ad campaign. Little is known about the man pictured wearing a uniform and slouch hat. He was a soldier of the First Australian Imperial Force, and his photograph was taken sometime between 1915 and 1918 in Sydney. The campaign invites Aussies to create a profile picture and cover photo for their Facebook page.
Adam Deacon, 32, of Bethnal Green, east London, appeared in court this morning over allegations of harassment. He allegedly sent abusive tweets to Kidulthood writer Noel Clarke's account from March 5 to December 19. Last month he was sectioned under Mental Health Act after being charged with possession of machete in public. Deacon denies harassment charges .
Lloyd Meudell started taking images of the sea with a GoPro after being an avid surfer his entire life. After purchasing high end equipment, he began to shoot ocean foam, calling the venture 'foam surrealism' The 40-year-old advises budding photographers to familiarise themselves with how the ocean works before getting behind a lens.
Arnold Breitenbach of St. George wanted to get 'CIB-69' put on a license plate commemorating the year he was wounded and awarded a Purple Heart in 1969. The Utah DMV denied his request, citing state regulations prohibiting the use of the number 69 because of its sexual connotations. He was an armored personnel carrier's gunner during his time in the Army, suffering blindness .
Bjorn Ulvaeus, of Swedish pop group ABBA, has unveiled his new musical project. The restaurant will open near the ABBA museum in Stockholm in January 2016. It is a part restaurant, part stage show and part role play .
The pound fell to near 1.46 against the US dollar, its lowest level since June 2010. Experts have warned of the impact on the economy of a badly hung parliament. There are fears it could sent pound plummeting by another 10 per cent if no party secures majority.
Jackson Byrnes was told by doctors that he had a stage four brain tumour that was too deep and aggressive to be operated on. The 18-year-old and his family then took matters into their own hands and found the only Australian neurosurgeon to perform the risky operation. He must raise $80,000 by Tuesday.
Coral Jones, 43, had letters demanding her other children be taken into care for April's murder. She was branded a 'bad mother' for allowing April to play in the street past 7pm where she was abducted. April was snatched from outside her home in Machynlleth, Powys, in October 2012. Mark Bridger, 49, who took her to his cottage nearby and killed her, was jailed for life in 2013.
Dealing across Europe and Asia was thrown into chaos by the crash of the server at Bloomberg's offices in the City of London. More than 300,000 screens suddenly went offline for several hours just after the start of trading. Trillions of pounds of trading had to be stopped or diverted and Government debt auction delayed .
Government officials have insisted there is no evidence to support universal screening for Group B Strep. It is carried by one in four women and infects as many as 400 newborns in the UK every year. Current guidelines only recommend testing women deemed 'at risk'
Rona Fairhead was last month accused of being either 'incredibly naive or totally incompetent' by Margaret Hodge. She will stay on for 'a further one-year period' before leaving the bank's board entirely. She announced her departure in a letter to shareholders .
The Baird Televisor was manufactured in 1928 - two years after Logie Baird first demonstrated a working TV system. The wooden set has a spiral punched scanning disc which has been fully restored and still has its original tube. It is being auctioned off as part of a speciality telecommunications sale by Auction Team Breker in Cologne.
Mohammed Suleman Khan, 43, was sent to prison for four years last April for defrauding the taxman of £450,000. His nine-year scam was exposed after police raided his Birmingham home and discovered plans for Pakistan estate. Khan faces ten more years in prison if he does not pay.
The 39-year-old man was shot numerous times while sitting in a car in his mother's Altona Meadows driveway. He died shortly after paramedics arrived at the scene at about 2am on Sunday. Police believe the attack was targeted and confirmed the victim was known to police. No one has been arrested over the shooting .
Labour leader's battle bus was gatecrashed by bride-to-be Nicola Braithwaite and her friends. One of the group from Knutsford spotted the leader's bus when she popped outside the Westminster Hotel for a cigarette. After brief negotiations with spin doctors, the solicitor was allowed on the bus and emerged grinning. She said: 'I got a full on picture with him' . Miliband was surrounded by more than 20 young women screaming 'Ed! Ed! Ed!' .
First time since records began that sales of UK goods have outstripped EU for six months in a row. Previously they have beaten EU exports on a quarterly basis but never for such a sustained period. Figures appear to vindicate David Cameron's 'mercantile' foreign policy to refocus trade away from EU.
'I'm concerned that the plane with the baggage is really getting heavy and teetering,' Paul said during remarks at a New Hampshire GOP summit taking place in Nashua this weekend. 'When Hillary Clinton travels there's going to need to be two planes, one for her and her entourage, onefor her baggage,' he said. Paul warned today that Clinton's day of reckoning is coming over checks her family's foundation took from foreign actors and her use of a private email server.
Experts from the regulator removed more than 31,000 web pages featuring vile images in 2014. Nine out of every ten images of child sexual abuse found online in 2014 showed children aged ten and under, according to Internet Watch Foundation .
Brisbane-based company Living Dead Clothing has launched a range of Avengers-themed clothing. The company beat a who's who of global clothing manufacturers to win the Marvel licence last year. There are almost 50 types of garments to choose from, ranging in price from $45 to $100. The most popular items have been the rainmaker shirts and singlets, at $85 each. Some of the men's items sold out in minutes and all but every design is sold out.
Sofía Vergara allegedly insisted her 44-year-old assistant be the surrogate for her and then fiancé Nick Loeb despite his reported objections. Loeb has filed a lawsuit in California in a bid to prevent the Modern Family actress from destroying two cryopreserved female embryos created through IVF. The couple planned to use a surrogate on the account that she had thyroid cancer in 2000 and, as a result, had a lot of radiation. The pair planned to have children with before their bitter split .
Marcin Wasniewski, 34, escaped death by millimetres after car ploughed into back of lorry on A444 in Coventry. Paramedics said the impact would've been fatal if impact had been closer to driver's side. Father-of-one believes he was saved by Jesus Christ watching over him that day.
Neill Buchel, 39, was kicked, punched and bludgeoned to death by Elvis Kwiatkowski and Chas Quye, both 36. His body was cut into ten pieces and dumped in a lake in Dagenham, Essex. The men were obsessed with the hit U.S. TV show Jackass and filmed extreme pranks. The pair were jailed for life at Blackfriars Crown Court today .
London Mayor claims Ukip supporters are in 'increasing psychological conflict' over vote. Warns against 'nightmare' of a 'backward-looking Labour government' propped up by an 'even more Left-wing' SNP. WARNING: GRAPH.
Edinburgh-born illustrator Lucy Scott created the book after giving birth to her first child in 2012. Charming collection features 120 illustrations capturing everything from a baby's first lunch out, to constant sleep deprivation .
Hillary Clinton is expected to officially declare her candidacy for president on 'Sunday afternoon,' according to a Democratic Party source in Iowa. The former secretary of state will first put her name forward for the White House on Twitter, and then barnstorm the Hawkeye State in what the Associated Press calls a series of 'small' meetings with voters. An Iowa Republcian Party official said on-the-ground forces loyal to Hillary are rounding up Democrats via phone trees and emails in preparation of campaign appearances early this week.
A man deliberately drove his car straight through the front doors of a Northern Territory police station. The 42-year-old allegedly threw a wheel spanner at a night security patrol car before driving at full speed towards the station. Fortunately the station, which is remotely located about 240km northeast of Alice Springs in the Northern Territory, was vacant at the time.
FBI have released images of an unidentified man they are trying to trace in connection with a sex abuse probe. They believe he may have 'critical information' to help them rescue a young girl who is believed to be being abused. One picture does not show any abuse taking place, but the man is seen posing with the girl in another picture .
Columb University Graduate School of Journalism issued a 12,000-word autopsy of the discredited story Sunday night. Rolling Stone bosses commissioned the review after the story, by contributing editor Sabrina Rubin Erdely, was called into serious question. Nobody will lose their job despite the uncompromising conclusions of the journalism experts. Jann Wenner, the publisher of Rolling Stone, defended her reporting and described the supposed rape victim as 'a really expert fabulist storyteller'
Between 2009 and 2014 a total of 617 youngsters aged under ten in the West Midlands investigated. They include 41 nine-year-old boys investigated for crimes last year including five suspected of sexual offences. West Midlands Police admit some of the figures may be inaccurate due to human error.
Phil Rudd, 60, changed his plea to guilty in New Zealand court to charges of threatening to kill and drug possession. The charges stem from a police raid on his waterfront North Island mansion on November 6. Rudd, who has lived in Tauranga for over 30 years, hit the headlines last November when he appeared in court accused of attempting to hire a hitman .
William 'Wild Bill' Wilson, 93, and his wife Lillian Karr Wilson, 89, died just two minutes apart from each other this week. Both were Alzheimer's patients and for the last couple of years had to live in separate nursing homes. The couple first met in Corbin, Kentucky, where they were both athletes and high school sweethearts   .
Shelley Dufresnein, 32, from St Charles Parish, Louisiana, took a plea deal on Thursday that gets her out of jail time. She will not have to serve any time behind or register as a sex offender as part of the deal. However she is still facing charges over a threesome she had with the same student at Destrehan High School and another teacher. She posted a celebratory selfie on Instagram just hours after discovering she had avoided jail. Followers congratulated her on the outcome below the picture .
Patrick Kramer is a 33-year-old artist from Springville, Utah, who specialises in oil painted portraits. The paintings take the artist up to 50 to 300 hours to complete and are incredibly detailed.
Jamie Richardson, 38, from Lancing, West Sussex and Daniel Taylor, 37, from Worthing pleaded guilty to using threatening behaviour. Pair could also face a four-month jail term, with local sources claiming the pair are struggling to pay the fee as they have only $700 .
Two fifths of parents are badgered by their children to buy food after seeing it advertised on TV. British Heart Foundation has delivered a 30,000 strong petition asking Government to ban junk food adverts before 9pm. Dr Sally Norton criticises Coca-Cola's sponsorship of the London Eye .
 Durham University scientists studied a 'clump' of dark matter that appears to be lagging behind its galaxy. The discovery was made around one of the galaxies in the Abell 3827 cluster, 1.3 billion light-years away. It is the first time dark matter has been seen interacting with a force other than gravity. If the particles collide with each other, the friction from the collisions would cause the dark matter to slow down .
Michael Pulman, 33, from Walsall, spent £7,500 on a hair transplant to boost his self-esteem. Andrea Carter, 72, from Leighton Buzzard, has had a boob job, face lift, liposuction and work on her eyes and nose. Also featured on Inside Harley Street.
Labour's deputy leader Harriet Harman went to St Paul's Girls School in the 1960s. She has repeatedly accused Tories of being 'completely out of touch' with the NHS. But Mr Osborne says 'the posh boy attack always sounds a bit thin' when coming from her.
Destiny Cooke, 16, and Lajahia Cooke, 17, were brutally kicked, punched, stomped and shoved around by a crowd of people, including parents and other adults, in a park in Trenton, New Jersey. People can be heard laughing throughout the video and chanting 'they gettin' busy!' or 'let her get her!' Destiny has been left with a bald spot after someone grabbed a chunk of her hair.
Property buyers expert Frank Valentic gives his tips for ensuring great kitchen design. The Block judges were impressed with Dea and Darren's kitchen on The Block last week. Valentic says the key to a great kitchen is a balance between a warm and inviting design and practical efficiency .
SN leader will unveil a manifesto including proposals for British foreign policy, welfare payments, energy bills and English university tuition fees. Several of her election pledges overlap with Labour policy, including slashing tuition fees in England from £9,000 a year to £6,000.
Sudan is one of just five northern white rhinos left in the world. He is now under 24-hour armed guard at the Kenyan reserve of Ol Pojeta. His horn has been cut off to deter poachers who are after his ivory. But rangers fear it won't be enough to deter the poachers.
Nathan Brown, 19, was working with his father David at Eurofabs UK Ltd in Rochdale, Greater Manchester. The pair were carrying out electrical tests when he apparently touched a 400-volt busbar. The shock caused him to fall 12ft from a ladder.
A shop owner believed to be from Mozambique has died from his injuries after being attacked in Johannesburg. He is one of at least six people killed in a spate of xenophobic attacks in South Africa this week. Police have made 30 arrests but are struggling to subdue the machete-wielding gangs. Many families have abandoned their homes and fled to a makeshift refugee camp east of the city .
Nicola Sturgeon says the 'direction of travel' is towards independence for Scotland. But David Cameron warns of 'frightening' prospect of SNP holding Labour to ransom and breaking up the Union. Prime Minister issues plea to Ukip and Lib Dem voters to lend their support to Tories to prevent 'Ed Miliband demanding more borrowing and taxes'
Rachelle Owen, 16, died after being struck by a train close to Hoylake Station, Wirral, on Friday night. Friends said she 'just wanted to be with her mum' Kay Diamond, 44, who was found dead in a flat in Toxteth, Liverpool, in February. A 52-year-old man has been charged with her murder and is awaiting trial at Liverpool Crown Court.
Photographer Kenji Wardenclyffe captured the explosive moment during a Melbourne protest against the 'Islamisation' of Australia. The dramatic scenes occurred after Reclaim Australia, an anti-Islam group, organised protests at major cities across Australia. They were countered by anti-racism activists who held rallies in the same locations. The Reclaim event in Melbourne was also crashed by neo-nazis, who spectacularly clashed with anti- Racism groups. Police forced to separate supporters.
Georgina Chapman, 38, said she does not want the accusations tied to Ambra Battilana and her husband to further embarrass their children or interrupt her business, a source told the New York Daily News. Chapman, who has two children with Weinstein, wants to find a resolution to the allegations as soon as possible, the source said. A spokesman for Chapman denied the marriage was in trouble and said they had spent the weekend together as a family and their relationship is 'as strong as ever' . Police monitored a phone call between the model and Weinstein, in which she confronted him - and he said: 'It won't happen again' The Hollywood producer voluntarily spoke with authorities and is cooperating with their investigation, according to a source .
April 26, 2016 marks the 30th anniversary of the Chernobyl nuclear explosion. In 1986, Reactor 4 exploded, sending radioactive particles into the air above the city of Pripyat, north of Kiev. In recent years, Chernobyl has seen an increase in tourist interest in the area.
Danielle and Alexander Meitiv have been cited multiple times for allowing their son Rafi, 10, and daughter Dvora, 6, to roam free in their suburban Maryland neighborhood. On Sunday, a concerned citizen called police after seeing the siblings unaccompanied near a park around a third of a mile from their home. They were picked up by police, who say they followed protocol by turning them over to CPS. The parents say authorities crossed a line over the weekend.
Kevin Bollaert, 28, was convicted in February of 21 counts of identity theft and six counts of extortion in San Diego Superior Court. He was facing a maximum of 20 years but was given 18, with the judge saying the sentence accurately reflected the amount of victims he hurt. Jilted lovers and hackers could anonymously post nude photos of people without their consent, along with personal information about them. More than 10,000 images, mainly of women, were posted between 2012 and 2013.
The Stephens County jury found Chancey Allen Luna guilty in the August 16, 2013, death of Christopher Lane, who was shot in the back while running along a city street in Duncan, Oklahoma. The jury recommended that Luna be sentenced to life in prison without parole. Defense attorneys acknowledged that Luna fired the fatal shot from a passing car that he was riding in, but contended that he meant only to scare Lane. Luna did not testify and the defense called just one witness, Luna's mother, Jennifer Luna, who insisted from the witness stand that her son would never hurt anyone intentionally. Lane's parents and sister expressed satisfaction with the outcome of the trial .
A. Alfred Taubman died on Friday night at his home of a heart attack, according to his son Robert S. Taubmen. He was convicted in 2001 of conspiring with Anthony Tennant, former chairman of Christie's International, to fix the commissions the auction giants charged. He spent about a year in a low-security prison in Rochester, Minnesota, but long insisted he was innocent and expressed regret for not testifying in his own defense  .
Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival in California costs an average of £187 per day according to No.1 Currency. England’s Glastonbury is the third most expensive with a £113 per day cost but has above average food. Exit Serbia is the cheapest festival.
The Shoe that Grows uses adjustable buckles and a strap on the toe to expand by five sizes. Kenton Lee, from Nampa, Idaho, came up with the idea while working in Nairobi in Kenya after seeing children running around barefoot .
Lorraine Kelly, 55, has dropped two dress sizes by attending Zumba classes up to four times a week. She says the classes have helped her drop from a 14 to a 10 dress size and has more energy .
Sergeant Norman Turgel, 24 at the time, fell in love with Polish girl Gena, 20, in Bergen-Belsen. Major Leonard Berney, now 95, was the commanding officer of the camp when it was liberated in 1945. He took a personal interest in Norman and Gena and made sure they reached each other in the chaos of post-liberation.
John Daniels, 61, from Dunsfold in Surrey, has decades of experience working with animals. He used both clean white studio backgrounds and comedy props to capture the heart-warming shots and these cute canines .
Only a handful of traditional flowers still grow in English country gardens, according to researchers. Almost 40% of people spend more time sunbathing and having barbecues in their garden than tending it. One in ten households has a hot tub in garden.
The coach erupted into flames on the A2 slip road to the M25 near Dartford in Kent this morning. Fire crews were forced to close the slip road while they doused the flames from the vehicle . No-one was injured and only the driver was injured.
Tortoiseshell Mimi became internet sensation after owner uploaded clips of her playing the sport to Facebook. The 30-second-video was shared by thousands of people around the world and features the cat playing with 15-year-old Joshua Teague  .
Jessica Cleland, 19, took her own life on Easter Saturday last year. She was bullied by two teenage boys she considered friends on Facebook and Snapchat. Coroner Jacqui Hawkins released a report into the teenager's death in October. The Cleland's are now campaigning for cyber bullying laws to be taken more seriously. Victoria already has anti-bullying legislation known as Brodie's Law, which was introduced in 2011 after the death of Brodie.
The NSW State Emergency Service anticipates calls across the Sydney metropolitan, Hunter and Illawarra regions with winds of up to 100km/h expected over the next two days. The SES had responded to about 15 jobs on Monday morning, mainly in Sydney metro area. The first major snowfall of the year has happened at the ski fields at Thredbo near Victoria border.
Asda’s Piri Piri Chicken Pasta Salad contains 46.5g of fat - two thirds of the recommended daily intake for an adult. A 624-calorie Brie and Bacon Panini from Caffè Nero comes in at more than 100 calories higher than a 518- calorie McDonald's Quarter Pounder.
Morgan Stanley said prospect of a Labour government reliant on Scottish Nationalists would create 'greatest uncertainty' Second major bank, Goldman Sachs, also raised concerns about same outcome on May 7. Goldman said Labour would be ‘dragged to the Left’ by the SNP  .
Sir Bruce Forsyth said it can be 'more cruel to do nothing' than to let someone die. Veteran entertainer said his experience of nursing first wife Penny Calvert had convinced him of need for change in law. He said he would like the right to end his life 'with a bit of dignity left' for himself  .
Damon Albarn said modern pop stars are part of a 'selfie generation' that sings only about themselves. Blur frontman said they could be using music to make political statements in run up to election. Comments come as Blur release new album later this month .
Italian artist Johannes Stoetter has painted two naked women to look like a chameleon. The 37-year-old daubed water-based body paint on the models to create the multicoloured effect.
Peter Barnett, 43, is said to have caused a loss of £23,000 to Chiltern Railways over two-and-a-half years. He travelled from his Oxfordshire home to London Marylebone but pretended to have only gone from Wembley. Australian-born lawyer admits six counts of fraud by false representation between April 2012 and November last year. WARNING GRAPHIC .
A new study has revealed the changing habits of British weddings . Religious services have fallen out of favour and brides are opting for bold colour schemes. The average cost of a wedding is now £16,020, compared to £15,494 in 2013.
Dwayne Harvard, 46, had an argument with Steven Sutton, 36, Sunday night in Springdale, Pennsylvania. The two men were arguing over Harvard giving Sutton's girlfriend, Anna Mazzetti, a ride home. Harvard claims Sutton took a cinder block and tried to hit his car with it, so he drove off with Sutton on the hood. Harvard drove through seven towns and 11 miles before pulling over at an exit in Kittanning.
Daniel Busby gave birth to Olivia Marie, Ava Lane, Hazel Grace, Parker Kate and Riley Paige on April 7. They are the first all-girl quintuplets to be born in the U.S. since 1969 and the first since 1969 .
Modern Family actress Sofia Vergara and ex-fiancee Nick Loeb are embroiled in a legal fight over her frozen eggs which they planned to have children with before their bitter split in November 2013. Loeb has filed a lawsuit in California in a bid to prevent her from destroying two cryopreserved female embryos created through IVF. Court documents detail how the couple fertilized embryos using her eggs and his sperm six months before their split, according to InTouch .
Young boy was dressed in a Star Wars t-shirt and had merchandise fixed to his wheelchair. R2D2 followed him around Star Wars Celebration convention in Anaheim, California and the pair danced together.
The USS Theodore Roosevelt and the USS Normandy left the Persian Gulf on Sunday and are steaming through the Arabian Sea. The Navy has been beefing up its presence in the Gulf of Aden and the southern Arabian Sea amid reports that eight Iranian ships are heading toward Yemen.
Phillip Buchanon was a first-round draft pick for the Oakland Raiders, and seventeenth overall, when his mother made the request in 2002. Buchanon, who also played for the Houston Texans, Tampa Bay Buccaneers, Detroit Lions and Washington Redskins before retiring in 2011, discussed the incident in his recently released book New Money: Stay Rich. He wrote the book to make sure 'the next generation of athletes doesn't make the same mistakes' he did when he finally got paid .
Giant concrete arrows were once markers for early airmail flights across the US - forming the first land-based navigation system in the world. They were placed at the base of lit beacons near airways, showing pilots the direction they needed to fly in to reach the next stop-off to deliver mail. Retired couple Brian and Charlotte Smith have found 102 arrows so far and hope to find more in 2013.
The Toyal Lotus technology is inspired by the water-repellent nature of a lotus leaf. It uses microscopic bumps to stop liquids from sticking to lids of yoghurt pots. Toyo Aluminium's technology won silver place in the 2013 Du Pont awards for packaging innovation.
The number of deaths every year in Britain will rise by 20 per cent over the next two decades. Price of a funeral is rising fast thanks to higher costs for cremation, rising undertakers' bills and churches' fees. A ‘simple’ funeral with a cremation now costs an average of £3,590, an old age think tank says .
The ten houses in Australia that won't sell after being on the market for up to two years have been revealed. Among them is a one-bedroom home in Oberon, central west of NSW, which was listed 800 days ago for $299,000. The price has since been cut by 50 per cent, according to a report.
The duffel bag was found shortly before 8am near a building used by biotechnology company Biogen Inc. and a block from a police station. All of the remains are believed to belong to one person, whose death is being treated as a homicide. The name of the victim has not been released.
Diane Morris, 46, is engaged to Mike Holpin, 56, who has boasted of having children with 20 different women. She has brushed off claims he still uses dating site Plenty of Fish to meet more women for casual sex. She said the two are 'crazy about each other' and that she trusts him 'completely' Mr Holpin has been receiving benefits for 13 years and admits his 20-a-day smoking.
Five children questioned after 623 fires ravaged 600 acres of fields and woodland in one month. Fire crews in South Wales say they have been stretched to breaking point by 'unprecedented' scale of destruction. Officers call on parents to report.
Polished evergreen foliage provides a great contrast with brightly coloured flowers. Camellias are easy to grow, but picky about soil. If yours soil is acid, free-draining and nutritious, they'll thrive .
The oldest active pilot is a 95-year-old man living in Cameron Park, California. Guinness World Records has confirmed Peter Weber Jr.'s feat. The record was confirmed after Weber proved he piloted a plane March 30 in Placerville by mailing in multiple pieces of evidence. Weber was a flight cadet in 1943 and retired in 1970.
A 14-year-old boy from Blackburn, Lancashire, was arrested on suspicion of helping to plot attack in Australia. He allegedly communicated with Australian men over plan to use knives and swords to hack officers to death. Five men from Melbourne were arrested over the weekend after British police tipped off Australian authorities. Police are now working to shore up security for Anzac Day events taking place in London .
Deep brain stimulation is a technique already used to treat Parkinson's disease. Device sends electrical impulses to specific parts of the brain to cause new brain cells to be formed. Tests on rats found the therapy improved their powers of recall within 24 hours.
Mercury is predicted to soar to 21C tomorrow, with forecasters warning people to make the most of it before the weather turns for the worse. Ice cream vendors say they have had their busiest April ever as Britons cool off. But industry could take a hit later this week, with rain, cloud and cooler temperatures.
Alannah Hill was diagnosed with an invasive malignant melanoma after breaking her foot trying to shoo her dog out of the way. The Tasmanian-born designer has had part of her toe removed and a skin graft from her inner thigh. She is taking a three-month break from her new clothing label - Louise Love - she severed all ties with her famous namesake label in 2013 .
Twins Eli and Silas Keslar died after falling into a canal in Yuma, Arizona on Friday morning. Their mother Alexis Keslar was walking with her sons along the canal bank when she was distracted and the stroller rolled away from her. She desperately tried to rescue her sons, but police have said finding a way down the steep banks proved too difficult and she watched helplessly as the strong current swept her children away. Both boys were pronounced dead.
The car left a parking lot at the Ports O' Call entertainment area of San Pedro shortly after 6pm and ran off the road. The car traveled some distance before lurching into the harbor, where it landed upside down in about 30 feet of water. Two children were pulled from the submerged vehicle then hospitalized in grave condition .
Plane's landing gear appeared to collapse as it touched down at airport in Khajuraho, India. 59 passengers and eight crew members evacuated via inflatable slides. Jet Airways described it as 'a technical problem with the landing gear' .
The once-in-a-lifetime privilege is being offered by luxury concierge service, Bluefish. The tour takes in sights like the famous grand staircase, the ship's huge anchors and the Marconi Room, from which the world's first SOS was broadcast. Expeditions take place in a MIR I or II submersible, which is capable of reaching ocean depths of 20,000 ft.
The migratory bird was spotted at a salt lake near the British RAF base at Akrotiri on the island's south coast. Normally, the graceful birds have a pink hue caused by the levels of beto-Carotene in their diet.
The video was created by the Washington-based American Chemical Society (ACS) as part of its Reactions series. It covers three household cleaning 'hacks' for windows, carpets and counter tops. Acetic acid sits at a 2.4 on the pH scale making it very acidic. Vinegar ‘eats away’ at mineral deposits on windows including moisture and dust, while rubbing alcohol absorbs greasy dirt.
Beth Hall, now 24, from Cambridge, plummeted to a tiny 4st 13lb after being bullied at school. She began a strict diet regime at the age of 16, living off just 10 calories a day. Would go three days without eating a single thing and would starve herself if she didn't eat. Was finally admitted to an eating disorder clinic after developing a kidney infection in 2011. Has now gained weight to be a healthy size 8 and is studying graphics at university  .
Families say they are being 'held to ransom' by gangs of yobs shooting at their homes and cars with weapons. CCTV footage shows youngsters shooting at properties, cars and each other in reign of terror. Residents even claim one woman was shot at.
Parents of nine children involved in plots to travel to Syria should have their identities hidden. They include three terror suspects who have all previously been named but now cannot be identified. Also among the parents are a couple who lied to the authorities about losing their daughter’s passport. Critics argue that the parents should be named because they could be extremists and therefore a risk to other members of public.
John Coyne, 56, ran the Prince of Wales pub in Harrow Road, central London. He attacked his 25-year-old victim who had fallen unconscious after a night of drinking in October last year. Coyne was convicted of rape and engaging in sexual activity without consent and jailed .
Kellogg's is the latest US owned multinational to be embroiled in the controversy over tax avoidance in Britain. The cereal giant warned shareholders its profits could be hit by government moves to close tax loopholes. Kellogg’s makes hundreds of millions of pounds each year from sales to British families  .
Former Prime Minister said he had 'decades' still in him and joked he would 'turn to drink' if he ever stepped down. He said he himself had been 'mentored' by US president Bill Clinton when he took office in 1997  .
Joel Wilkinson, from Hull, was diagnosed with Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy six months ago. Condition means his muscles will slowly waste away and he will eventually need a wheelchair. His sister Phoebe, five, adores him and makes sure he is looked after as much as possible. She even helps him put on his shoes and fetch his cereal.
Manuel Garza Jr. received a lethal injection of pentobarbital for killing San Antonio Police Officer John 'Rocky' Riojas in February 2001. He is the sixth convicted murderer to be put to death in Texas this year. Asked to make a final statement, Garza said he was sorry for causing pain to his family, friends and 'especially police officers' .
Jody Marson, 30, has been named as the prison guard who allegedly had an affair with Kieran Loveridge. The 21-year-old was moved to Goulburn Supermax prison because he had an 'improper relationship' with a female officer. The alleged relationship took place inside the correctional centre where two inmates share one cell. Ms Marson was suspended after other staff members claimed they had witness the alleged affair inside the prison.
'It's not like a choice. It's like I was drafted,' said Mark Hamill of his decision to reprise his role as Luke Skywalker in Star Wars: The Force Awakens. Hamill said he was cautiously optimistic about J.J. Abrams, the chosen director for the film, but was suspicious because he was a 'Star Trek guy' and likes Star Trek.
Kristen Lindsey, 31, from Brenham, Texas, allegedly hunted the animal down and shot it with a bow. But a local rescue center say the cat, believed to be called Tiger, was domesticated and had been missing for two weeks. Lindsey, a Wyoming native, wrote: 'My first bow kill... lol. The only good feral tomcat is one with an arrow through it's head. Vet of the year award... gladly accepted'
Katie Prager, 24, was diagnosed with an infection in her lungs in September 2009 and is desperately in need of a transplant as doctors predicted she would not live a year without new lungs. Her insurance company, Kentucky Medicaid, will not pay for the out-of-state treatment she needs at the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center. Her husband Dalton, 23, who has already received new lungs, is pleading for help. He says: 'They are turning my wife into a number, a statistic, a dollar sign. I cannot lose her. This can’t be the end of our love story. Please help me save my wife Katie,' he says.
National Grid has revealed the UK's first new pylon for nearly 90 years. Called the T-pylon, it is a third shorter than the old lattice pylons. But it is able to carry just as much power - 400,000 volts. It is designed to be less obtrusive and will be used for clean energy purposes. National Grid is building a training line of six T-Pylons in Nottinghamshire.
Christopher Barry, 53, was stabbed to death by a 13-year-old boy outside his home in Edmonton, north London. The boy, who cannot be named for legal reasons, is a member of the notorious Wood Green Gang. He stabbed Mr Barry twice in the chest as he got into a lift following a row. He was jailed for more than 11 years today .
Apple has pledged an unspecified amount of money for a Virginia-based nonprofit, the Conservation Fund, to purchase two large tracts of timberland on the East Coast. Also investing in Chinese solar power.
Vera Maresova, 50, killed five women and one man over a four-year period at a hospital in Rumburk, Czech Republic. Dubbed 'Nurse Death' by local media, she was initially arrested over the death of a 70-year-old woman last August but has now confessed.
Solomon Khoorban, 33, raped a 16-year-old girl at Equinox nightclub in Leicester Square, London, in 2003. Two months later, he raped a 32- year-old woman at knifepoint in Greenwich, south east London. Both rapes were reported to police at the time but he went undetected for 12 years. It took detectives more than a decade to track him down and link him to the sex attacks. He was jailed for 16 years at Snaresbrooke Crown Court.
Vincent Stanford, 24, has been charged with the murder of Stephanie Scott in Leeton, South Australia. He is accused of killing Ms Scott, a popular high school teacher, on Easter Sunday. New details have emerged about Stanford's secret online life. Fairfax Media identified an online profile it said Stanford used, including a YouTube channel and multiple gaming forums. He wrote scripts for his favourite TV series, Stargate, using the name of a mythical Aztec serpent Quetzalcoalt.
Bill de Blasio is 'preparing to run for president as a 'leftist' alternative to Hillary Clinton, it has been claimed. The New York City mayor has yet to endorse Hillary Clinton as the Democrats' presidential candidate. The 53-year-old is known to be more liberal than Clinton.
Harvey Weinsten and his designer wife Georgina Chapman turned up for the premiere of his new Broadway production Finding Neverland on Wednesday. The play, which stars Glee star Matthew Morrison and Kelsey Grammer, is based on the 2004 film of the same name Weinstein produced starring Kate Winslet and Johnny Depp. The couple have been out together numerous times over the past few weeks .
Zodiac Aerospace have revealed their new designs for luxury sleeping quarters for cabin crew. The lower deck area aims to maximise the sense of space and privacy for flight attendants. Each bunk is equipped with a personal service unit and air conditioning.
The video, which surfaced on Reddit on Monday evening, shows Quaid – famed for roles in blockbusters such as Wyatt Earp, Any Given Sunday and The Day After Tomorrow – losing the plot after someone appears to wander into his line of sight. 'I am acting here, and this d***head wanders onto my set. I can't even get a line out until Dopey the Dick starts whispering in your ear,' he screams.
Peter Gale was fired from his position at Nonsuch High School for Girls in Cheam, Surrey. He was appointed to run the school in September 2013 after the mysterious departure of Karin Rowsell. School counts singer Katie Melua among its alumnae.
The first comprehensive picture of how neurons connect to one another found local networks of neurons layered like the shells in a Russian nesting doll. Brain operates in a similar way to the Internet, the researchers found   .
Chalke Valley History Festival attracts more than 30,000 visitors to its idyllic venue in a Wiltshire field. More than 140 speakers, a stunning air show and 'living history' re-enact.
Clarkson, 54, who was fired in March after attacking a producer during filming, has not publicly addressed dismissal. But the presenter today gave his 'heartfelt thanks' to those who sent support in aftermath of sacking. It came as Angela Rippon, 70, said she would be keen to return to the motoring show if invited back. BBC bosses said to be desperately trying to hold onto Clarkson.
The 18-year-old was hit over the head 20 times with a rock and dragged into a garden to be raped by the man. He is wanted for attempted murder and rape after leaving her for dead in the Beeston area of Leeds. Police have released CCTV footage showing the man following three other potential victims earlier on the same night  .
Louise Shepherd, 31, from Cobham, Surrey, had taken a 'gap year' off work to go travelling around the world. She was hiking through a national park in north-west Bolivia when a tree toppled onto her during a storm .
Zipporah Lisle-Mainwaring accused of ordering dramatic overnight paint job 'to get her own back' Neighbours of £15million Kensington townhouse branded it an 'eyesore' after it was painted with red and white stripes. She is the daughter of a Second World War hero pilot, Flying Officer George Reicher Royde. He was shot down over Belgium in 1943 and buried in Schoonselhof Cemetery. Her family claim she has failed to pass on cash and property worth millions after her late husband Robert died in 2007   .
Ethan Czahor has launched ‘Clear’ which removes any posts that might cause problems with your current or future employer. Users can search for keywords such as ‘gay’, ‘black’ or swear words and the program deletes any tweet that mentions them   .
It will be the first time in more than 50 years that leaders from the previously estranged countries will have had a lengthy in-person exchange. Ahead of an anticipated run-in, if not a formal meeting, this weekend in at the seventh Summit of the Americas, the two presidents spoke by phone on Wednesday for only the second, known time in as many years. Obama is in Panama this weekend.
The opening day of The Championships at Randwick Racecourse has been moved to Monday. Stewards announced it was too risky to race on the wet surface after an early inspection at around 9.30am Saturday morning. Officials are unsure if the 25,000 punters expected to show on Saturday will return for the Monday event. The Warwick Farm card is unable to go ahead on Monday and will be moved to Wednesday .
The 18-year-old Hampton Park man had his Preventative Detention Order removed. He has now been charged with 'conspiracy to commit acts done in preparation for, or planning, terrorist acts' Police uncovered swords and knifes after searching five teenager's homes. Alleged men planned to run over a police officer and then kill him with a knife. They planned to embark on a shooting rampage in Melbourne.
Cynthia Cheroitich, 19, spent two days hiding in a wardrobe and drinking body lotion to survive. She was rescued after al-Shabaab gunmen stormed Garissa University College on Thursday. Four attackers died at Garissa, but their nationalities have not been revealed. Four other survivors from the massacre at the university were found yesterday.
Tory election chiefs have given candidates a letter-writing kit to target farmers, pensioners, women and other target voters. Women told they are 'vital to the success of the British economy' while pensioners praised for their 'wealth of experience' Letter templates are aimed at what party headquarters describes as 'target groups' in the electorate with just 28 days to go .
Elena Curtin of Portland, Oregon, was seven-months pregnant when she was charged with second-degree assault after she struck her boyfriend's ex in the head and arm with a crowbar in November 2014. She was set to go to trial in Multnomah County Circuit Court this week, but prosecutors dropped the charge on Monday because Curtin, 23, was 'completely justified in her outrage' Curtin gave birth in January this year .
The latest video shows the chef making a miniature strawberry cake complete with frosting, sprinkles and strawberries. Miniature Space, a cooking show which has taken the internet by storm, has taken more than 900,000 views.
'I think I have been universally short-tempered and testy with both male and female reporters. I'll own up to that,' the Kentucky senator said yesterday, responding to accusations of sexism that bubbled up following his Wednesday morning dust up with TODAY host Savannah Guthrie. Paul admitted that he needs to 'have more patience' with reporters, even if he's 'annoyed' with them while maintaining that 'interviews should be questions and not editorializing' The confession summed up the freshman lawmaker's second day as an official 2016 contestant - a bumpy ride that has so far included a confrontation with the chairwoman of the Democratic Party over late-term abortion .
The Queen roared on her filly, Ring of Truth, at the Dubai Duty Free Spring Trials at Newbury today. The 88-year-old's horse narrowly pipped to the post by Harvard Man in the Maiden Stakes. Her Majesty, who has long been an avid racing fan, had a second runner later in the afternoon.
The gnome featured alongside a host of celebrities and historic figures on the psychedelic cover of the ground-breaking 1967 album. It appeared next to George Harrison's left leg on the famous album cover and was signed by all four band members. It emerged for sale almost 50 years after the album was released after it was listed for auction by collector.
Daria Rose, 18, lost everything in Hurricane Sandy and was recently accepted to seven of the eight Ivy League schools she applied to. Rose and her family lived in several hotels as well as her grandmother's house after being forced to evacuate their home in Baldwin, New York. The teen wrote about her experience in a college application essay in which she talked about the storm .
WCCO This Morning reporter Ashley Roberts' boyfriend, Justin McCray, popped the question to her while she was live on-air. She said yes to the proposal.
Victor Agbafe, 17, is a student at Cape Fear Academy in Wilmington, North Carolina. He also could go to Stanford or Duke because he was accepted at those prestigious institutions as well. The 17-year-old plans to double major in microbiology along with government or economics. Harold Ekeh of Long Island was also accepted into all eight Ivy League schools and wants to be a neurosurgeon.
Town halls have failed to recalibrate some of the 100,000 ticket machines in the UK. Drivers without old-style coins must use £1 and two 20p pieces for a typical £1.25 hour's parking. Manchester council made £14.8m from car parking in 2013/14/14 .
Daphne Selfe, 86, stars in new campaign for Vans and & Other Stories with Flo Dron, 22. The supermodel's career originally began in 1949 and she was still commanding £1,000 a day.
Graham Leonard was returning to Scotland after attending a Manchester United match. He grabbed the PA microphone on the private charter flight and burst into song for his fellow football fans. After frustrating the cabin crew with his antics he then caused part of an airport to be evacuated after deliberately setting off the fire alarm.
The WI has been told it must pay the venue thousands of pounds to serve the cakes to 5,000 women. 'It's outrageous,' said one WI stalwart, who did not wish to be named.
Michigan Micro Mote is the smallest computer in the world, measuring less than 2mm across. It contains solar cells that power the battery with ambient light, allowing it to run.
The tiny home is sandwiched between two double fronted properties on a leafy street in Islington, north London. It has two-bedrooms, a tiny study, reception room, shower room, cloakroom, kitchen and a garden. At its widest, it stretches across 8ft 8in and the buyer will have to pay £27,000 in stamp duty. Estate agency Foxtons described it as being 'well proportioned' .
Gerard T. 'The Frenchman' Ouimette, 75, died Sunday in a federal prison in Butner, North Carolina. He was a former mob enforcer in Rhode Island with ties to late New England crime boss Raymond L.S. Patriarca. He 'ran' a prison in North Carolina in the 1970s and even had booze, drugs and lobster dinner smuggled in on a weekly basis. His nephew says his uncle was recently diagnosed with lung cancer  .
The boy was held in Blackburn after police examined a number of electronic devices and raided a house in the town on Thursday. The girl was arrested in Longsight, Manchester, on Friday as part of the same investigation. Both were bailed until May 28.
According to two popular online measuring tools, only 44 per cent of Hillary Clinton's Twitter followers are real people who participate on the social media platform. At least 15 per cent – more than 544,000 – are completely fake, according to StatusPeople.com. Another tool, TwitterAudit.com, sampled 320,000 of Mrs. Clinton's followers and found that 18 per cent were fake .
Wellington's inaugural CubaDupa festival shut down streets and spanned several blocks at the weekend. More than 100 different performances were scheduled over the weekend, with more than 60 vendors setting up on Cuba Street. The wacky and delightful Electric Groove Rider was a huge drawcard as performers made their way up and down the street in a unique pedal powered mobile sound system.
Stephanie Scott's remains were found in Cocoparra National Park, north of Griffith, NSW on Friday evening. Her body was discovered just metres from the road in the Riverina region of NSW. Vincent Standford, 24, was familiar to the area and had camped and travelled through the park on many occasions. On Saturday, the day Ms Scott was due to marry fiance and partner of five years Aaron Leeson-Woolley, a memorial was held to honour the late bride-to-be. Hundreds of mourners attended the service at Mountford Park, the centre of Leeton, NSW. Her father Robert Scott spoke to the gathered mourners on behalf of his family and friends.
Dusan Bako, 18, flew into a rage after he tried to call the teenager's phone only to discover it was switched off. He put his arm around the back of the girl's neck and with the other clenched his fist and repeatedly punched the victim in the stomach. One horrified witness who saw the attack said Bako hit the girl 'like a boxer' before she miscarried.
Eileen Mason, 92, and Margaret Seabrook, 75, had been to lunch club meeting in Swindon, Wiltshire. An 'evil looking' man tried to rob them of the contents of their mobility scooter baskets. Mrs Mason shouted 'Oh, no you don't' and knocked him down.
The research was carried out by scientists at the Niels Bohr Institute at the University of Copenhagen. They looked at how big the glaciers were, and how similar they were to glaciers on Earth. There are thought to be thousands of glacier-like formations on the planet in both the northern and southern hemispheres. They are located on Mars between latitude 30.0 and 50.0 - equivalent to just south of Denmark’s location on Earth . The ice must be protected by dust .
The former Secretary of State gave details of her daughter Chelsea's pregnancy in a new Epilogue for her memoir, Hard Choices, released just days before she is expected to announce her presidential run. In the new chapter, shared by theHuffington Post on Friday, she suggested that the birth of her granddaughter made her think about the future of all children and motivated her political plans. Earlier this week, former President Bill Clinton said his outlook has changed.
Olivia Bazlinton, 13, and Charlotte Thompson, 14, died after being hit by train at Elsenham station, Essex, in 2005. Girls’ parents had planned to raise their concerns at a meeting in London last week. Network Rail was convicted of criminal negligence and fined £1 million over deaths.
Queensland resident Roxy Walsh recovered the gold jewellery at the Finns Beach Club in Bali on Tuesday. The ring has what appears to be a family crest and engraved with a heartwarming message: 'Darling Joe, Happy 70th Birthday 2009, Love Jenny' Ms Walsh said she has since been in contact with owner.
Video footage shows a white ball being rolled down a positioned cue. It then bounces off one side of the red-clothed table and hits the first in a long line .
Carol Chandler, 53, of Wellington, Shropshire, is accused of indecently assaulting a boy under the age of 16 in the 1980s. She was charged as part of Operation Winthorpe, Scotland Yard's investigation into allegations of sex abuse at St Paul's School in Barnes, London .
David Totton, 36, admitted driving a rented white Peugeot RCZ into the doors of Club Liv in Manchester. He was walking through city centre when he saw his friend in an altercation with bouncers. Totton went over to act as 'peace-maker' but was told to leave because it was too late. Instead of leaving, Totton knocked on the window of the club asking for the doorman to come out. He then drove up to the doors and nudged them.
Anarda De La Caridad Perez Friman, 37, and her partner John Joseph Shannon, 31, were found dead in Gibraltar. The couple's six-week-old baby and her daughter, four, were also found dead earlier this week. Police now believe that the Spanish national was 'suffering from post-natal depression'  .
Ana Elizondo made headlines in 2012 after she was kidnapped from a parking lot as she was leaving a class at the University of Texas, Pan American. The psychology graduate student, 27, was blindfolded and transported through several cars as her abductors made a failed attempt to cross the Mexican border. She was released unharmed the following day after one of the kidnappers introduced her to his mother .
British children's cookbook guru Annabel Karmel, 51, is an expert on children's nutrition from babies through to toddlers. She has slammed Pete Evans' controversial bone broth recipe in his book 'Bubba Yum Yum - The Paleo Way' She says the paleo method goes against everything nutritionists and child health experts recommend. She says children need a well-rounded diet approach .
39% of voters now say they will back Tories compared to just 33% for Labour, according to pollsters ICM. Shock poll comes after Tories unveiled key election pledge to scrap inheritance tax on £1m homes. Comes after a series of polls had suggested Labour had pulled slightly ahead of the Tories. But the Tories have jumped three per cent in the last month - while Labour has dropped two.
Larry Reid, 73, was arrested about 12:30 p.m. Monday on U.S. Highway 95 near the edge of Boulder City city limits. He was also charged with battery of a police officer, driving across a median, resisting arrest, not wearing a seat belt and possession of a gun while under the influence of alcohol .
Dame Barbara Hakin accused of gagging whistleblower who tried to warn about impact of targets on ordinary patients. She was investigated by the General Medical Council, which concluded that there was no case to answer. But it is now reviewing part of this decision.
Lance Corporal Leonard Keysor, 30, received a Victoria Cross for his 48-hour effort. The Victoria Cross is the highest military honour an Australian can receive. LCpl Keysor picked up live, palm-sized, iron grenades from the trenches of Lone Pine in Gallipoli.
Australia's Foreign Minister Julie Bishop wore a black headscarf during her visit to Iran. The Foreign Minister is Australia's highest-ranking official to visit the country in 12 years. Social media lit up as those from both sides of the argument weighed in on whether she was right to cover her head. 'Good on #JulieBishop for respecting another country's culture! That's true feminism,' Twitter user Sawyer remarked. Bishop also donned a hat and scarf combo.
Valerie Rutty, 60, stole almost £3,500 from the fund at Irlam Primary School in Greater Manchester. Cash was collected by children aged three to 11 and their families through non-uniform days and fundraisers. It would help pay for extra-curricular days out and gym equipment. Rutty avoided jail today .
The 56-year-old pop star posted the image of the Iron Lady on Instagram - before quickly deleting it. Thatcher enacted legislation that banned 'promoting' homosexuality in 1988. Section 28 of Local Government Act 1988 was considered anti-gay and later overturned in 2003. Current Prime Minister David Cameron has since apologised for the legislation .
Marks and Spencer is stocking a limited supply of the 2014 Miraval Rose from the couple's French vineyard. The £18-a-bottle wine is produced at their Chateau Miraval estate, where they married in August last year  .
Branded painkillers that say they specifically treat certain types of pain are just using ‘clever marketing’. Some manufacturers simply use the same pills in different packaging throughout their ranges. UK over-the-counter medicines market is worth £2.5 billion, says Dr Chris Van Tulleken.
Cookie the terrier barked at Joseph Devaney and Kieron Rolstron as they burst into home in Chorley, Lancashire. Devaney brought down the machete on the animal's head to stop it barking before making off in victims' car. The pair were jailed after pleading guilty to aggravated burglary and aggravated vehicle taking. WARNING: GRAPHIC CONTENT.
Richard Clements, 62, was mowing grass outside his property in Wattisham, Suffolk, when machine overturned. His family managed to drag him from the pond and made frantic efforts to save him but he was pronounced dead at scene. Suffolk Police said there were no suspicious circumstances surrounding death.
Sher Mbye died in hospital two hours after he suffered multiple stab wounds in a brawl. Police were called to a KFC restaurant in Northfield, Birmingham, shortly after 5pm yesterday. A 19-year-old man was also left in a critical condition after being stabbed in a barber shop .
Jessica Edgeington, 33, of Villa Rica, Georgia, was a skilled diver known for a type of high-speed sport called 'swooping' She died after plummeting to the ground at the Skydive DeLand in DeLand, Florida. It is the second death at the skydiving center this year  .
The estimated one million pages of paper documents from Stephen Jones now fill 550 file cabinet-sized boxes at the Briscoe Center for American History at the University of Texas. McVeigh considered the bombing of the Oklahoma City federal building 20 years ago a failure because the structure was still standing after the blast that killed 168 people. He also viewed himself as a 'Paul Revere-type messenger' and even suggested his defense team should receive $800,000 from the government. The trove, which was delivered to the school where the attorney received his undergraduate degree in three phases since 1998.
Brisbane-based DJ-duo Mashed N Kutcher released a viral video featuring a jogger and a 7-Eleven clerk . The clip has been viewed over 1.25 million times in under a week. The duo sampled the velvet vocals of the jogger into an electronic dance song. The singer in the clip was later revealed as Ross Burbury from Brisbane  .
Jessica Hardy, 23, from Hereford, was desperate to remove her former flame's name from her forearm. She tried to burn it off with acid peels but it left her skin red raw, scabby and inflamed. The dental nurse now regrets getting the tattoo  .
Doug Gregory, 92, had popped out for his daily newspaper when he was struck by a car. The ex-Spitfire pilot suffered a serious head injury and was flown to hospital by air ambulance but died two weeks later. He was awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross for his gallantry in 69 combat missions over Nazi-occupied Europe  .
'Bright and beautiful' GCSE pupil started using a cocktail of banned substances including cocaine, ecstasy, methadone and 'party drug' The father, only known as John, has written an open letter to South Gloucestershire Council pleading for action to combat a 'serious drug problem' . WARNING: GRAPHIC.
Amanda Burleigh was convinced that clamping the cord within seconds of delivery was wrong. Doctors and midwives have clamped the cord since the 1950s to reduce the risk of haemorrhage. One study showed immediate cord-clamping could deprive a baby of a third of its blood stock – enough wine glass.
The 35-year-old is the daughter of former President Bill Clinton, the 42nd President of the United States, and the wife of investment banker Marc Mezvinsky, 35, .
Christopher Stefanoni, 50, says his nine-year-old son was kicked off his team and put in a lower-ranking one. He says the demotion came just days after he filed an affordable housing application. The town of Darien, Connecticut, is 94 per cent white, with 620 Hispanic residents and fewer than 100 blacks. Town has previously been investigated by the Justice Department.
Gruesome death rituals performed 1,200 years ago have been uncovered in dozens of tombs in Peru's Cotahuasi Valley. Each tomb was filled with bones of up to 60 mummies, with infants kept in small containers and others repeatedly ripped to pieces while decomposing. Archaeologists have so far opened up seven of the tombs, recovering 171 broken mummies. The Middle Horizon period (A.D. 600–1000) was a time of sweeping cultural change in the Andes .
Stephanie Scott was last seen on Easter Sunday, which sparked a widespread search until police found her body at a national park on Friday. A guest list of 120 people had been invited to Stephanie and her fiance Aaron Leeson-Woolley's wedding at the Eat Your Greens venue. But on Saturday, the wedding venue was locked up and deserted as guests instead paid tribute to Ms Scott at her memorial service. The car park was empty and silent, with only the sound of crickets and toads in the nearby countryside   .
There were at least three reports of people trying to release gopher tortoises in the ocean because they were mistaken for sea turtles. All five species of sea turtle and the gopher turtle nest in the sand which is why some people may confuse one with the other. It's important to know that you should never attempt to relocate gopher Tortoise adults, juveniles or hatchlings near a beach.
Gang of four were spotted trying to escape along the M42 after holding up a cash-and-carry in Derby . They were in a stolen Seat Leon which was traced by a police helicopter that was following them on the motorway . Footage shows the gang ramming two police cars as they tried to hide under a bridge under the bridge . Police eventually caught up with the men and arrested them after a dramatic chase along the road . Three of the gang have now been sentenced to over 30 years in prison after being convicted of conspiracy to commit robbery.
Clare Else's husband Andrew was knifed more than 200 times by paranoid schizophrenic Ephraim Norman. The 52-year-old had been at the pub with friends on the night of his murder in Croydon, south London. Norman had stopped taking medication because it interfered with his sex life .
Stephen Akers-Belcher said he needed time off for compassionate reasons - but was pictured on HMS Warrior. Photos emerged of him representing the council at an event on the famous battle ship, 323 miles from his patch.
Donnell Graham, 35, fatally shot his wife, Shaquana Graham, 33, and another man in a room at the Quality Inn in Springettsbury Township, Pennsylvania, early Sunday morning. The 33-year-old woman was found shot in the head while the other man, Kristopher Pittman, 25, had been killed by gunshots to the chest, police say   .
A University of Cambridge scientist has revealed his green source of energy. By using just moss he is able to generate enough power to run a clock. He said panels of plant material could power appliances in our homes. And the technology could help farmers grow crops where electricity is scarce. Dr Paolo Bombelli presented his research at a preview of the Pint of Science festival. He is adamant that regular moss could provide an additional source of renewable energy to complement others that are available, such as solar panels.
Kathleen Bailey, 70, was given power of attorney over terminally ill 87-year-old friend's finances. But she helped herself to at least £1,500 and used the money to finance trips to north Wales. She was handed a 12-month suspended jail sentence after admitting theft at Bolton Crown Court. Bailey was also ordered to pay £1,.500 to her victim's estate after her death .
At least 15 Fortune 500 companies, many of them worth north of a $1 billion, paid zero income taxes in 2014. Most of those 15 were actually given federal tax rebates in the tens or even hundreds of millions, according to Citizens for Tax Justice.
The latest ICM poll for the Guardian had the Tories ahead on 34 per cent - down five points from a week ago. Labour were down one point on 32 per cent, while the Tories were down 1 per cent. Nate Silver correctly predicted the winner in 49 of 50 US states in 2008 presidential election .
Annika McKenzie, 34, walked into Alverta B. Gray Schultz Middle School in Hempstead, New York, and waited in the hallway for her daughter's math teacher, Catherine Engelhardt. McKenzie believed Engelhardt had 'put her hands' on her 12-year-old daughter earlier in the day. When Engelhardt refused to speak with McKenzie, she was shoved against the wall, placed in a headlock and thrown to the floor and knocked out .
Ivana Chubbuck, 62, runs a hugely successful drama school in Los Angeles. Her methods reduced Beyoncé Knowles to tears within five minutes. Eva Mendes, Charlize Theron, Gerard Butler, Halle Berry, Sharon Stone and Brad Pitt.
Footage shows the seven-day-old foal nuzzling Sunny Bayne's shoulder before pushing her to the ground and lying on top of her belly. The young rider from Kentucky can't stop smiling at the animal's silly antics. 'This is the best day of my life,' she exclaims as the cuddling session continues. To date the clip of Bayne has received thousands of hits online   .
Tom O'Carroll is a leading member of the notorious Paedophile Information Exchange. The group campaigned to legalise child sex in the 1970s and 80s. He attended a Hacked Off rally in the Houses of Parliament on February 25 to lobby MPs for state involvement in media regulation   .
Crown Princess Mary of Denmark attended a remembrance ceremony in Aabenraa on Thursday. The 43-year-old wore a chic black dress and coat with a grey felt hat and high heels for the occasion .
Bobby Brown visited his daughter Bobbi Kristina at the DeKalb Medical Center in Decatur, Georgia, on Monday. The 22-year-old was recently moved from Emory University Hospital - where she had been treated since being found unresponsive on January 31 - so she could be provided with long term care. Her maternal grandmother Cissy Houston said that her granddaughter 'is no longer in a medically induced coma' but is not awake nor expected to recover.
Lelisa Desisa, 25, of Ethiopia won with an unofficial time of 2 hours, 9 minutes, 17 minutes and 17 seconds. He beat his previous winning time by more than a minute. Caroline Rotich, 30, of Kenya won the women's division after a tense final stretch. The race comes less than three weeks after Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, the then-19-year-old Chechen Cambridge resident who brought bombs to the race, was found guilty of all the terrorism charges against him in a trial that saw moving testimony.
The most popular question typed into Google during that time period was asking how old Hillary Clinton is. The second-most popular was 'Is Hillary Clinton a Democrat?' Clinton is 67 years old and a member of the Democratic Party. Last Monday, Sen. Rand Paul (R-KY) announced he is seeking the Oval Office in 2016. Interest in Marco Rubio and Hillary Clinton also increased.
The woman, believed to be in her 20s, had to be rescued from the River Cam, Cambridge, after falling from a punt. She disappeared under the water several times, screaming for help each time she resurfaced. Two of her friends leapt in to save her and staff at a punt hire operator manoeuvred one of their craft alongside to help pull her out. Meanwhile, Britons were given their first taste of spring with temperatures reaching nearly 21C - the hottest day of the year so far. Families flocked to parks, beaches and promenades across the UK to make the most of the balmy Easter weather as temperatures soared to their high teens .
Vincent Viafore from Poughkeepsie, New York, was on the rough Hudson River near Newburgh with Angelika Graswald. He was not wearing a life jacket and was unable to get back into the kayak. His partner fell out of the boat while trying to help.
Baylee Almon was one of 19 toddlers killed in a daycare center on April 19, 1995, in the worst case of homegrown terrorism America has ever seen. The Oklahoma City bombing, planted by veteran US Army soldier Timothy McVeigh, killed 168 American people. One photograph encapsulated the terror: a firefighter emerging from the burning wreckage cradling the lifeless body of Baylee. Her 23-year-old single mother saw the picture on the front page of the local paper the next day. Two decades on, the shock is still raw.
Savage swan nicknamed Asbaby has been pecking punters on The Backs area of the River Cam in Cambridge. He is said to have inherited his bad temper from his grandfather, Asbo, and his father, Asboy. Mr Asbo was moved to a location 60 miles away in 2012 by river authorities after repeatedly attacking rowers. Asbaby was seen at the weekend attacking tourists, eating sandwiches, drinking from water bottles and even trying to steal a woman’s handbag.
Kristen Jarvis, 34, is moving on to become the Ford Foundation president Darren Walker's chief of staff. She's been with the Obamas since 2005 when she took a job in then Senator Obama's office. Jarvis says she mostly kept up with fitness-loving Michelle but drew the line at Solidcore.
Qasr al-Farid or 'The Lonely Castle' is the largest of 131 monumental tombs in the Mada'in Saleh region of the Arabian peninsula. It is situated on one of the most important ancient trade routes linking the north and south of the peninsula. UNESCO declared it a World Heritage Site in 2008.
Sheila Elkan, 84, lives in the house that featured as the Leadbetters' home in 1970s TV series. The great-grandmother-of-five has resided at the home in Hillingdon, north-west London, since 1986. PM promised he would help deliver 'the greatest sunshine' of a job, a home, tax cuts and a secure retirement.
Alaska Airlines Flight 448 bound for Los Angeles was forced to return to Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Monday when passengers heard banging and pleas for help coming from beneath the aircraft. The worker, an employee of airline contractor Menzies Aviation, had dozed off inside the plane at the end of his shift and woke 14 minutes into the flight. The terrified man called 911 and spoke to a bemused operator for 44 seconds .
Rik Mayall died suddenly aged 56 last June but probate records reveal he had no will. He suffered serious head injuries and nearly died in a quad-bike accident in 1998. His children would be automatically entitled to a share of his net estate of £1,192,701.
Brayden Travis, 18, was left without medical attention for seven hours after overdosing on heroin and Xanax at a friend's house in St Charles County, Missouri in early March. His lungs and kidneys failed and he suffered a stroke and severe brain damage. His mother, Kelly Smith-Miller, shared a photo of him unconscious in a hospital bed on Facebook.
Conscientious objectors are currently able to use a loophole to access family tax benefits. Social Services Minister Scott Morrison confirms the government is actively researching possible legislation changes. The hard-line approach to immunisation comes one month after the tragic death of 32-day -old Perth baby Riley Hughes. A subsequent poll found that 87 per cent of Australians believe vaccinations should be mandatory .
Pennyhill Park boasts a 45,000sq ft spa, 21 treatment rooms, and eight swimming pools. Daniel Craig, Nicole Kidman, Cameron Diaz, Justin Timberlake, Catherine Zeta-Jones and Russell Crowe.
Richie Benaud, 84, died on Friday after a long battle with skin cancer. The cricket legend said he believed the cancers were caused by playing cricket in the sun without a hat or sunscreen. He spoke about the radiation treatment he was receiving for his skin cancer in an interview with the Nine Network last year .
Alice Kovach-Suehn, 56, from Apopka, Florida, was arrested last Friday and charged with elderly neglect after police say they found the man in her care weighing only 89lbs. Police Sgt Ed Chittenden said it was one of the worst cases of abuse he's ever witnessed over the course of his 18-year career in law enforcement. Victim could not move his hands and knees together.
Luke Shambrook was found just three kilometres from where he went missing at Lake Eildon National Park, northeast of Melbourne. The 11-year-old autistic boy has been reunited with his family at Royal Children's Hospital in Melbourne. Doctors are amazed he is in such a good condition considering he was missing without food or water .
A third of men have never picked up a bucket and a chamois leather to clean their own car. Three-quarters of women never wash their own cars with drivers more likely to take it to a forecourt . Rise of hand car washes blamed for decrease in washing .
Researchers from Germany, Canada and the U.S. analysed answers to Hitler question from 6,100 people. They found that significantly more men than women would kill to save lives further down.
Adrian Peterson will be able to participate in all scheduled activities with the Minnesota Vikings starting on Friday. This after a ban that has been in effect since September 17 of last year following an incident in which he beat his young son with a switch. Peterson met with the NFL two weeks ago.
Robert Knowles, 68, from Plymouth, Devon, first broke the law when he was 13. He has been in court at least once a year since 1959 and has clocked up nearly 350 offences. He pleaded guilty to stealing a watch and a pair of cuff links worth £50 from H Samuel .
Singer Miley Cyrus this week shocked fans by leaving her underarms unshaved. Here, experts reveal the various ways in which being hairy may be good for us - despite our constant attempts to remove.
The donor, Josh Dall-Leighton of Windham, Maine, said that Maine Medical Center officials informed him this week that it has concerns about the amount of money raised for him. Christine Royles, 24, of South Portland, who is suffering from kidney failure, organized fundraisers to reimburse him for unpaid time away from work. The appearance that someone could be profiting from an organ donation raises ethical concerns because it's illegal to sell organs. The surgery had been scheduled for May  .
Alexis Tsipras, Greece’s prime minister, will meet Vladimir Putin in Moscow today. Comes amid reports that the Kremlin will offer controversial loans and discounts on supplies of natural gas. Visit will raise fears the radical left government is looking east in search of alternative sources of finance.
Roxy Walsh found the ring at the Finns Beach Club in South Kuta, Bali on Tuesday. The 34-year-old took to social media to reunite the ring with the rightful owners Jenny and Joe Langley. Ms Walsh met with the couple in Noosa, on Queensland's Sunshine Coast, on Sunday to personally return the ring to the couple.
Mahendra Ahirwar suffers from a rare condition that makes his neck bend and his head hang from his body. His weak backbone means he can't stand or walk and is restricted to a sitting position. His parents say they have consulted more than 50 doctors across India but none could diagnose his condition. WARNING: GRAPHIC.
The 41-year-old woman was getting ready for a party to celebrate the New Year when she started to wheeze. Worried her asthma would get worse, she reached into her bag for her inhaler. Her blue salbutamol inhaler was uncapped and she heard a ‘coarse rattle’ when she shook it.
The hackers completely cut transmission of 11 channels belonging to Paris-based TV5 Monde. They also took over its websites and social media accounts for three hours early this morning. Channel's director, Yves Bigot, said the attack was continuing this morning . He said the network has restored its signal but can only broadcast pre-recorded programmes. Hackers posted documents on TV5Monde's Facebook page claiming allegiance to ISIS.
The predicted life spans of women aged 65, 75, 85, 85 and 95 fell in 2012. First time since 1995 that falls in all four age groups were recorded. By 2013, the average 75-year-old woman could expect to live another 13 years and five weeks less. For a woman aged 85, the expected span was six years and 42 weeks less .
Kelly-Anne Bates, 17, was tortured to death by lover James Smith over three weeks. Mother Margaret Bates, 60, is consumed by one thought - that she wished she had killed Smith when she first met him. Next year marks the 20th anniversary of Kelly-Anne's brutal murder for the first time.
Zbigniew Huminski, 38, has confessed to strangling his nine-year-old victim, identified by her first name of Chloe. She was stripped naked and sexually assaulted after being forced into his car in front of her mother. He was on his way to Southampton, where his sister lives, French prosecutors confirmed tonight. He had been banned from French territory after being convicted twice for acts of 'extreme violence' . But he had driven to France in a Polish registered car this week and intended to travel to Britain to stay with family .
Captain Niloofar Rahmani, 23, is the first female fixed-wing Air Force aviator in Afghanistan's history. She and nine other inspirational women from across the world were awarded the U.S Secretary of State's International Women of Courage Award 2015 at a ceremony last week. First Lady Michelle Obama awarded award.
The trend is inspired by the anime character Hestia from Is It Wrong To Try to Pick Up Girls in A Dungeon. The blue ribbon is looped around her torso and tied with the bow resting on her upper arm  .
Princess Eugenie looked glamorous at For The Love Of Cinema dinner in New York City. The 25-year-old royal has been living in the US for a year and works in an auction house .
Ian Gibson, 55, was killed by a young bull elephant in Zimbabwe's Zambezi Valley. He was measuring its ivory tusks for a U.S. client when it charged and knelt on him until he died on Wednesday .
The amazing illusion is the work of German body-painting artist Joerg Duesterwald. He spent hours painting his model so she would blend in with her surroundings. The pictures were taken in a forest in Langenfeld, Germany.
Roy Day, 29, and Gerard Lundie, 26, targeted 13 homes over four months at the end of last year. But after the duo left their DNA at the scenes of some of the crimes they were arrested. They were each jailed for five years and four months after they admitted conspiracy to commit burglary .
June Whitfield, 89, will make a guest appearance in the BBC soap next week as Sister Ruth. Her character will offer advice to Jessie Wallace's character Kat Moon, who is suicidal. Whitfield said it was an 'absolute delight' to work with Wallace.
Researchers from Stanford University used data from 6,588 registered users to determine which colours are most commonly associated with which letters. They then compared these colour-letter matches to fridge magnets sold by Fisher-Price between 1971 and 1990. The results revealed that at least six per cent (400 out of the 6588 participants) learnt 'many of their matches' from the toy. For participants born between 1970 and 1985, the prevalence of synesthesia can exceed 15%.
Noel Marshall’s action-adventure film was originally released in 1981 and its 11-year production is infamous for the injuries received by 70 members of the cast and crew. The film revolves around a wildlife preservationist who lives with his wife and children alongside a number of wild lions, tigers, cheetahs and elephants. The idea for the film came about when Noel Marshall and Tippi Hedren discovered an abandoned plantation house overrun by a large pride of lions while touring wildlife preserves in Africa. Roar is being re-released.
Leanne Kenny, 23, from Northwich, Cheshire, ballooned to almost 20st after snacking on junk food at work. The supermarket worker would snack on bumper bars of chocolate, baked goods and fizzy drinks. After ditching the habit she has lost seven stone.
Marli van Breda, 16, was struck several times on the head and her throat was slashed in an axe attack in January. Her mother Teresa, 54, father Martin, 55, and older brother Rudi, 22, were killed in the attack. Marli's other brother Henri, 20, escaped with light injuries and rang police to report the deaths. She has no memory of the attack .
In 1928, the Easter act was passed in Parliament to make sure that the holiday weekend would be a fixed date in April. Both the House of Commons and House of Lords passed the Act but it was unable to get the agreement of churches. It is thought the Roman Catholic Church did not object to plans.
Housing association tenants currently pay £150 a week to live in flats in exclusive areas of Mayfair and Covent Garden. Many of the properties are owned by housing associations and are now worth millions of pounds. Tenancies go unreviewed if circumstances change and many tenancies are unviewed . Ten properties owned by Peabody housing association in London are worth between £1million and £2million.
President Barack Obama announced today $200 million in additional U.S. humanitarian aid to Iraq, but declined to say whether Washington would provide Apache helicopters, drones and other arms to Baghdad to help with the ongoing fight against ISIS. 'I think this is why we are having this meeting: to make sure that we are continually improving our coordination,' he told a reporter following his Oval Office discussion with Iraqi Prime Minister Haidar al-Abadi. Mr. Abadi had been expected to seek billions of dollars in drones during his visit.
Much of the action in House Of Cards takes place on Capitol Hill, home to the Senate and House of Representatives. The Capital Grille is a favoured venue for political plots in the US capital. The city faces a struggle to lure tourists away from New York  .
David Cameron says seven key Tory policies will help get people on to the property ladder. Promises to build more homes and cut cost of saving for deposit, moving house and paying off mortgages. Tory leader insists 'dream of home ownership is alive' .
A photo of a 'drunken' young woman, lying with her legs apart on the ground was posted on SOHO nightclub’s Facebook page on April 3. It was posted a week after Luke Lazarus was sentenced for raping an 18-year-old at the club. The photo’'s caption said: ‘We’re throwing an extra special Yeezter event Tonight. Free entry till 10pm and $5 drinks till midnight – get amongst it!’ .
Jake Shaw, 21, was volunteering as a climbing instructor at Kandersteg International Scout Centre in Interlaken, Switzerland. He had been celebrating Swiss National Day with friends with drinking games called 'Power Hour' and 'Ring of Fire' He returned to his room at around 2.45am in a 'very drunk state' and fell 25ft (8m) from the upper floor of the building .
Hannah Moore, 20, of Broxburn, West Lothian, had suffered stretchmarks after giving birth to twins in June last year. Mother-of-two posted images of her post-pregnancy stretchmarks on Instagram to boost her confidence. But two minutes later, her account was shut down due to 'nudity and violence'
Drivers pulled over on Interstate 20 in Albilene, Texas, to pick up cash that spilled from Brinks Armored Truck. Video posted on Facebook shows motorists frantically grabbing the notes in between stopped vehicles. Police have warned that if anyone is caught with the money - they could land themselves behind bars .
Biso had squeezed into the hole in the wall at Mohamed Naguib metro station as a kitten in 2010. The cat survived thanks to an elderly man called Uncle Abdo who fed him scraps of food every day. Now, he has been freed after a social media campaign.
Chantelle Doherty, 21, was involved in a raid on the home of a 92-year-old man in Greater Manchester. Her friend Martin Lawrence, 27, also targeted a man aged 99 claiming he owed him money for paving work. Doherty has been jailed for two years after pleading guilty to burglary and fraud. Lawrence was jailed for five years for his part.
Audrie Pott, 15, hanged herself in 2012 after she was sexually assaulted at a party in her hometown of Saratoga, California. She fell asleep after drinking Gatorade laced with vodka and awoke to find her pants off and lewd comments scribbled over her body. Her family filed a civil lawsuit against three of her attackers, who pleaded guilty and were sentenced to 30-45 days in juvenile detention . Two of the teens have finally apologized and admitted she was unconscious during the 'criminal act' . They also apologized for spreading false rumors that 'served to shame and humiliate her' They have been paid $950,000 in a civil settlement .
Vietnamese Binh Wagner, 3, and her identical twin Phuoc were left with fatally impaired liver function due to Alagille syndrome. Their adopted father Michael Wagner was a perfect match for Binh's liver, but decided to pass it on to her sicker sister. Anonymous donor has now donated Binh a new liver .
Sher Mbye, also 18, died in hospital after receiving multiple stab wounds outside KFC in Northfield, Birmingham. Another 18-year-old has been arrested on suspicion of murder at his home address today. Police were called to the scene at 5pm on Friday after reports of a stabbing outside the restaurant. Officers found a 19- year-old man with serious stab wounds.
Dante de Blasio, the son of New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio has been accepted into several top colleges including Yale and Brown. The 17-year-old will make his decision by the end of the month. Despite his six figure salary as mayor and six figure rental income from the two properties he and his wife own in Brooklyn.
Louise Nesbitt was employed at Perth mining exploration company Dragon Mountain Gold. She mistakenly sent a text to her boss meant for her daughter's boyfriend. She was fired five days after the incident, with her employer saying it was due to 'gross misconduct'
Anti-fungal agent miconazole and steroid clobetasol restored movement to mice paralysed by MS. Prompted mouse and human stem cells to regenerate myelin, the protective coating around nerve fibres. Discovery could pave the way to ground-breaking new therapies for the disease.
Astronauts Barry Wilmore and Terry Virts recorded three spacewalks on GroPro cameras. Clip was recorded to give future ISS workers an idea of what they can expect when they go into space to maintain spacecraft.
'Retrosweat' is a 50-minute aerobics class inspired by Jane Fonda's iconic VHS workouts. Shannon Dooley, 30, says there's nothing else like it on the market. Class goers include men and women aged from their twenties to sixties  .
Ukip has reduced the number of constituencies where it is concentrating resources as it loses ground in polls. Party strategist said 'something extraordinary' would now need to happen for it to win in places outside target list. Ukip will today unveil its manifesto in Thurrock, Essex.
Justin Jackson, a Florida man, is being sued by Oprah's TV network and former Obama aide Reggie Love. He is accused of trying to trick people into giving him jobs, clothes, free food and jewelry worth $2.4million.
Lisa Courtney has spent most of her life collecting Pokemon memorabilia. The 26-year-old now holds the Guinness World Record for the largest collection of Pokemon items. Her mother had to move to the smallest room in house.
Two sets of maps include image mosaics and topographical views of the lunar landscape taken over a period of four years. Darker blue show deep craters, while the grey and white areas reveal areas of elevation. The map also shows Mare Orientale, an impact crater that was partially flooded by basalts. To the left of these craters is Oceanus Procellarum, which is Latin for 'Ocean of Storms', a region created by an asteroid.
Married father-of-one Maajid Nawaz asked for two private sessions at a strip club in east London. Footage shows him attempting to touch her arms and thighs, which is against venue's policy. The 37-year-old calls himself an advocate of women's rights and head of anti-extremism charity  .
Five-year-old Palestinian boy pelted Israeli police with stones during protest on the West Bank. Youngster raced back to safety after launching a series of missiles at six heavily armed officers. Incident raised fears that children are being encouraged to mimic and glorify violence.
Ex-Bolton Wanderers forward Delroy Facey, 34, is accused of conspiring with non-league player Moses Swaibu. He is also alleged to have told a contact that some Football Conference teams would 'do' a game in return for payment. Facey's former clubs include Hull City and West Bromwich Albion .
David Adam Pate from Lancaster, North Carolina, told his mother he enjoyed knifing 33-year-old Ricky James 39 times after luring him into some woods with wine in November 2013. The serial criminal told police he just wanted to 'cut his dad gum head off' and that he cut him with a butcher's knife, 'just like the one Michael Myers used in (the movie) Halloween' He was sentenced to life in prison without the chance of parole on Thursday.
Wandsworth council in London set to remove rule giving automatic place to brothers and sisters. Families who move more than 800 metres from preferred school will lose entitlement. More than 80,000 children face missing out on their preferred primary school with 20,000 at risk of being denied.
On four separate occasions, grey seals have been spied feasting on harbour porpoises that they have killed. Video footage of one of the attacks shows a male contentedly ripping chunks of blubber off his prey, as the water all around turns bloody. Killer seals are known to lurk in the waters off the continent, but this is the first time they have been seen around Britain, experts say .
Kseniya Soukeras, who is due in August, wants to name her unborn child Michael, after her late father. Her husband Nicholas prefers the Greek name Spyridon, after his own father. Nicholas, 37, has launched an online petition asking for help to sway his wife. The couple doesn't yet know the sex of their baby; if it's a girl, Nicholas is willing to let Kseniya choose the name of their second son .
Ryan Wray, 26, was formally charged with second-degree felony forcible sexual abuse on Friday. He was charged in relation to a series of alleged assaults that occurred between last October and March 24. Wray was tasked with keeping safe women who 'could no longer take care of themselves' at the off-campus frat house. He faces up to 15 years in prison if convicted .
Alfred Guy Vuozzo, 46, shot Brent McGuigan, 68, and his son, Brendon, 39, on Prince Edward Island last August. Brent's father, Herbert, who was behind the wheel, received a nine-month sentence for dangerous driving. Brent and Brendon were killed in 'execution-style' slayings to avenge sister's death in 1970 car crash. Judge called the brutal double-murder an act of 'hatred and misdirected vengeance' . He will not be eligible for parole for 35 years after being sentenced on Monday .
The alarm clock, called Wakē, rouses individuals from their slumber one at a time using a focused beam of light and sound. The wall-mounted device creates a ‘personal sunrise’ and emits focused ultrasonic waves to wake up each person in bed individually. It uses a white LED to slowly illuminate the area around a sleeper’s face to gently wake them up, with the aim of making them feel alert faster  .
Analysis suggests there is up to 100billion barrels of fossil fuel under the Home Counties. Potential goldmine could meet up to a third of Britain's oil demand within 15 years. Horse Hill Developments consortium made the discovery during test drilling near Gatwick Airport. Experts remain sceptical of the claims, with one describing them as 'overly optimistic'  .
The nine-year-old Yazidi girl has been released after nearly a year as a prisoner in the Islamic State. She was 'sexually abused by no fewer than ten men' while in captivity, aid workers say. Comes after more than 200 Yazidi women, children and elderly were released near Kirkuk, northern Iraq. Around 40,000 people were kidnapped at gunpoint when Islamic State fighters attacked Yazidi villages last summer .
A mysterious benefactor has donated £1.5million to Bath Abbey's £20million restoration fund. The donor, who is known to church officials but has asked not to be named, sent the money along with a note. They said they wanted to help safeguard the church 'for the next hundred years'  .
Amy Hughes, 26, ran 53 marathons in 53 days to raise money for a friend’s daughter with a brain tumour. The sports therapist also ran into a new love after she got close to long-term friend Dave Keighley - who was part of her support crew.
If it's real wild life you're after, then a British safari is extraordinarily rewarding. You don't need to go to the African savannahs or the Amazonian rainforests to find wild life. Here are a few suggestions for the best places to visit.
Pete Evans has shared an incredible story about a woman who claims she no longer suffers multiple sclerosis. The 30-year-old woman, known only as Hollie, claims she has not suffered any MS symptoms over the past 12 months. The Paleo diet has been one of the hottest diet trends around, with celebrity followers taking on the lifestyle. The celebrity chef has been a proud Paleo advocate .
Jessica Bialek was last seen leaving her home in Coogee, south-eastern Sydney, about 8.30am on Wednesday. The 37-year-old returned to her home on Thursday evening and is 'safe and well' with loved ones. Her husband, Sabino Matera, confirmed she was home shortly after 6:30pm on Thursday. Police are working through phone records, social media, CCTV, and financial records to try and locate the mother-of-one, Detective Superintendent Dengate.
St. Louis Blues forward Ryan Reaves pulled out his own tooth after being checked face-first into the glass by Chicago Blackhawks defenseman Brent Seabrook. Reaves sat on the bench as he calmly pulled out the tooth and gave it to trainer.
Researchers at Hadassah Medical School in Jerusalem found pregnancy helps regenerate tissue. Tests carried out on pregnant mice suggested they 'got youth serum injection' from babies. Also found pregnancy protected rodents from tissue damage .
Isis was removed from the official list of future Pacific hurricane names by the UN's World Meteorological Organization. The WMO Hurricane Committee also backed Mexico's request to retire the name Odile because of the storm that hit Baja California.
Doug Hughes, 61, landed his gyrocopter on the West Lawn of the U.S. Capitol last week to protest corruption in Congress. He is currently under house arrest in Ruskin, Florida as he awaits a hearing to determine if he will go on trial for crossing a no-fly zone. His daughter Kathy, 12, said she is 'downright proud' of her father and called him a 'patriot' for his flight. Hughes said he never feared he would be shot down, despite coming within feet of the guarded building. He will attend a hearing in Washington D.C. in two weeks to determine whether his case will go to trial  .
Julia Van Herck, 42, from Fulham, West London, ballooned to 23 stone after getting married in 1993. She used food as an 'emotional crutch' after suffering from post-natal depression. Feared her life was falling apart and feared her husband would leave her. She has now slimmed down to 11 stone and is a size 12.
Human Rights Watch has collected the accounts of 20 Yazidi women and girls who escaped from ISIS. They say the brutal Islamist group's actions amount to war crimes and crimes against humanity. One child said she was 'owned' and raped by seven different men during her captivity. Another said she tried to kill herself so she wouldn't be raped again . WARNING: GRAPHIC CONTENT.
The creature, named Hyalinobatrachium dianae, was found in the mountains of eastern Costa Rica. While most of its body is lime green, the skin on its underside is see-though, making its organs easily visible. The animal’s heart, liver and gastrointestinal tract are easily visible thanks to translucent skin. The frog was named by Brian Kubicki who discovered it, after his mother to thank her for supporting his interest in science.
Stephanie Scott, 26, was last seen at a Woolworths supermarket at Leeton, 550km west of Sydney, on Easter Sunday afternoon. The teacher was due to marry her partner of five years on Saturday. Desperate family and friends have flooded social media with messages about their search for the Leeton High School drama and English teacher, who was excited about her wedding.
The interactive map was created by writer Levi Pearson, who used a dataset from the National UFO Reporting Centre and open source software from CartoDB. It begins in 1933 with the first UFO sightings being spotted over California and Nebraska in the US, the UK and France in Europe, and locations in Japan and Australia. The number of sightings increases dramatically between the 1940s and the 1960s across the world. This could be down to the development of drones and new aircraft technologies, or a genuine rise in alien activity .
HSBC announced a 1.99 per cent interest rate on a five-year fix on Monday. Experts said it was the cheapest ever deal of its kind and described the move as 'astonishing' Mortgage war has intensified in recent months .
Jamie, Reuben, 13, and Finley, 10, were chosen from among 5,700 other hopefuls. They were selected after a series of 'difficult' tests to show they are young spies in the making. Jamie, Finley and Rueben even got to attend a meeting with the security service's director-general. It was the first time cameras were allowed to film inside MI5 HQ.
Emma Hannigan had her breasts and ovaries removed in 2006 to reduce her risk of cancer. She was diagnosed with faulty BRCA1 gene, which increases chance of getting breast cancer by 85 per cent. The mother-of-two opted to have a double mastectomy and oophorectomy the following year to reduce risk. A year later, she was told she had breast cancer and has battled the disease nine times since. She is now undergoing chemotherapy every three weeks to keep the disease at bay.
YouTuber Dave Hax’s clever spud solution does away with peelers and instead lets boiling water do all the hard work. The video has already received more than 1.5m views.
Zachary Davis, now 17, was 15 when he bludgeoned his mother Melanie Davis, 46, 12 times with a sledgehammer as she slept in her bed in August 2012. He then set his family home on fire and tried to kill his brother Josh, 19, by setting it alight. Davis told police he laughed out loud as he killed his mother because he was worried he would miss. He also said he only had one regret from that night, 'I would probably kill Josh with the sledge hammer too' during his interrogation .
Nadine Crooks, 33, stopped taking contraceptives after learning she had polycystic ovary syndrome. Doctors said she would never be able to conceive naturally again after cysts were found on her ovaries. She is now expecting two boys and a girl with her 35-year-old partner in July .
More than 700 Asiatic black bears, over a third of those held in captivity in Vietnam, have allegedly been butchered in the past year alone. Four bears inexplicably killed in one day on some farms in Halong Bay, Cau Trang, in November. Paws, meat and gall bladders of 'moon bears' sold for the equivalent of £625 a bear and smuggled to China for use in traditional medicine. Officials under growing international pressure to rescue the animals.
Students at McGuffey High School in Pennsylvania organized a so-called Anti-Gay Day protest. They wore flannel shirts and wrote 'Anti-Gay' on their hands and Bible verses on lockers. The event was a reaction to a Day Of Silence event for bullied LBGT students the previous day. Concerned parents have called for action.
Many Californians are taking extreme measures to conserve water in the face of the state's historic drought. Robin Weld of Sacramento has converted her home's toilet into a toilet-sink that doubles as a sink and used washing machine water to water fruit trees. Scott Mathers of Brentwood has installed a 10,000-gallon rainwater tank under his home as well as a smaller tank to collect gray water. Chris Brown uses the condensation from his home's air conditioning units to irrigate plants.
Flight Lieutenant Stephen Beaumont took his teddy bear mascot with him on every Spitfire and Defiant flight. He was one of just seven of the 24 pilots in his squadron who survived the 1940 Second World War battle. The teddy, named Beaumont Bear, is expected to sell for an estimated £10,000 at auction .
Ed Sheeran took time out of his tour to help Jess Knight celebrate her 20th birthday in Auckland Hospital. The British singer crashed Ms Knight's hospital birthday party in between shows over the weekend. The 20-year-old said she 'couldn't stop smiling' following the visit.
Sunken yacht was owned by King Kamehameha II, aka Liholiho, the second king of Hawaii, when it sank in April 1824 off the coast of Kauai, Hawaii. Divers recovered more than 1,200 artifacts from the wreckage over a five-year period from 1995 to 2001. The artifacts include gold, silver, Hawaiian poi pounders, gemstones, a boat whistle, knives, forks, mica and more.
The robot, named BB-8, took to the stage at Star Wars Celebration convention in Anaheim, California. It literally ran rings around retro droid R2-D2 on its spherical body. Director JJ Abrams, the film’s director, confirmed that a real robot was used during filming, but did not reveal how it works. Experts speculate that it must be a large remote-controlled robotic ball, like a big version of the Sphero.
Sir David Nicholson is the latest expert to warn that Ed Miliband's plans will not provide enough cash. He was branded the 'Man with No Shame' after refusing to resign over the Mid Staffs scandal. Labour has paid lip service to the plan.
Nigel Short, 49, said women were not suited to playing chess because it required logical thinking. He said women should accept they were ‘hard-wired very differently’ and weren’t as adept at playing chess as men.
Mary Kay Letourneau, 53, and Vili Fualaau, 31, met when he was 12 years old and she was his sixth grade teacher in Seattle, Washington. They began a sexual relationship in 1996 and by the end of the summer, she was pregnant with the boy's child. She was arrested and sentenced to six months in county jail - although three were suspended - and was ordered to have no contact with him. But weeks after her release, she fell pregnant with their second daughter and was sentenced to seven and a half years in jail. The couple have two teenage daughters and spoke out about their marriage .
Davion Navar Henry Only, 16, has been stuck in the foster care system since the day his mother gave birth to him behind bars. In 2013 he made a plea in front of a church congregation for a family to 'love him forever' Davion was adopted by a minister in Ohio but sent back to Florida when he got into a fight with one of the minister's children. He has now been adopted by his old case worker, Connie Bell Going, 52. Davion called her last July and asked her if she would adopt him, and she agreed. She is set to officially become Davion's mother on April 22, and will admit it has not been an easy task  .
For the first time, researchers have shown that higher doses of vitamin E, found in foods such as kale and almonds, can mitigate the stress on immune cells. Oxidative damage has been implicated in the cause of many diseases, such as cancer.
Visual Health Studios in Colorado has developed a weight loss app called Visualize You. It calculates what you would look like if you lost a specified amount weight. Users are shown an original and a slimmer version, with a slider, so they can compare how they would look before.
Hillary Clinton's now-famous Mystery Mobile, an oversized, armored Chevy van, stopped in Iowa on Tuesday long enough for photographers to catch a glimpse of the vehicle that hauled the former secretary of state from New York to the American midwest. Unlike on Monday when Hillary stopped at an Ohio Chipotle for lunch, she popped into a coffee house in Le Claire, Iowa, for a cup of joe - and of tea. Clinton focused her roundtable discussion on education issues, student loans and income inequality at Kirkwood Community College.
Mohammed Waqar, 23, and Mohammed Siddique, 60, are accused of assaulting the youngster at the UK Islamic Mission's (UKIM) Jamia Mosque in Sparkbrook, Birmingham. The boy was allegedly slapped repeatedly during religious lessons.
The letter was sent from White Star Lines to Christopher Moody, brother of officer James Moody. The 24-year-old died after the Titanic hit an iceberg on its maiden voyage on April 14, 1912. Company bosses demand £20 - the equivalent of £2,000 in today's money - to return his body.
Nikki Balovich had taken off her diamond-encrusted silver ring as she was pregnant and her fingers were swollen. When she lost it, she suspected her 90-pound baby mastiff Halli had swallowed it up, but there was no way of checking.
Kendall Schler crept onto the GO! St. Louis Marathon's course last weekend after the last checkpoint, didn't record any of her times electronically along the way, and didn't run the entire 26.2 miles. Her times that qualified her to run in Monday's Boston Marathon have now been erased, and her spot in the event has been vacated. Her third-place finish last year also was wiped out after officials couldn't find evidence that she crossed any of that event's checkpoints. Andrea Karl was named this year's winner.
Martinhal Beach Resort is renowned as being one of the best in the Algarve for a luxury family holiday. Set within 25 hectares in the protected Costa Vicentina Natural Park, it is the only five-star resort in Portugal.
Delonte Martistee, 22, of Bainbridge, Georgia, and Ryan Calhoun, 23, of Mobile, Alabama, have been charged with sexual battery. The two were arrested this week after police uncovered cellphone footage of the two of them assaulting an unconscious girl at the Spinnaker Beach Club in Panama City, Florida last month. The video allegedly shows hundreds of people gathered around the girl as the men violate her while she lays on a beach chair. The unidentified victim believes she was drugged before the incident. Authorities are still searching for two additional suspects in the case .
Nasa has released an infographic explaining which worlds in the solar system are thought to have oceans under their surface. Nine other worlds in total are suspected to have subsurface oceans containing far more water than is on Earth. It follows claims that we could find life in the next ten or 20 years. Water is important because life needs it to survive .
Marisa Curlen, 20, a sophomore at James Madison University in Virginia, was discovered dead in her dormitory room Friday from apparent alcohol poisoning. The native of Rye, New York, was a member of the Alpha Phi sorority. She is the third member of Rye High School's 2013 graduating class to die in less than a year.
Cristina Coria, a stay-at-home mom with a nine-month old child, helped police nab the 18-year-old suspect and get back the bed of her husband's custom-painted blue 2003 Chevy Stepside. The truck was stolen from her driveway.
Andras Janos Vass, 25, found guilty of human trafficking and racketeering this week. Lured men to U.S. with promises of easy work and high wages, but forced them to work 20 hours a day. Faces maximum sentence of 155 years in prison and will spend at least 21 behind bars.
ISIS fighters have nearly surrounded the Iraqi capital of western Anbar province. Iraqi government forces still control the city center but appear to be struggling after months of ISIS pressure. Hundreds of U.S. troops have reportedly been training Iraqi forces at a military base west of Ramadi.
Just over 60 per cent of Americans believe global warming is taking place and nearly half blame humans for the change. But within the US, opinions on global warming vary wildly between states, local communities, and congressional districts. People in California, for instance, are far more worried about the warming planet than those in parts of the central US. Concern about global warming ranges from an estimated low of 38 per cent in Pickett County, Tennessee, to a high of 74 per cent. in Washington, D.C.  .
The brutal murder of Emmanuel Sithole was captured on camera and shocking images show men stabbing him and beating him with a wrench. The four men will remain in custody until a full trial, set to be held on May 4.
All flights were halted for about 20 minutes after potential drone sighting. Some departing flights were delayed and some incoming flights were diverted to other airports. Police helicopter scoured the area around Manchester Airport but found no evidence of drone.
Anesthetics used to send patients to sleep during surgery are contributing to climate change. Scientists say they have detected gases used in anaesthetic as far a field as Antarctica. Gases have been rising globally in the past decade.
The National Guard was first activated in Ferguson in August after riots and looting broke out amid peaceful demonstrations over police brutality. Guardsmen were seen rolling through the streets of the suburb in tanks wearing combat gear and carrying assault rifles. The guard were activated again in November ahead of the grand jury's decision .
Researchers scanned the brains of people reading passages from the Harry Potter books. They found common use of 'arousing words' affected parts of the brain concerned with emotion. The emotional potential of words is rated in terms of valence and arousal ratings. Study screened seven Harry Potter novels and 120 passages .
David Cameron's desperate attempts to appear cool have failed to impress his children. Prime Minister reveals eldest daughter Nancy has taken to likening her father to Phil Dunphy. He admits the comparison is 'not great', with even his fashion getting the thumbs down from Nancy.
Almond growers in California are at the centre of a row over water usage during one of the worst droughts in decades. The state supplies more than three-quarters of the world's $4.93billion(£3.3bn) almond market.
Google introduced the app in February as a 'safer' place for kids to explore videos because it was restricted to 'family-focused content' Consumer activists say the app is so stuffed with advertisements and product placements that it's hard to tell.
Graham Palmer, 52, has been giving safety announcements and other messages in verse since Christmas last year. The rhymes were a hit with travellers and have been going strong since. He customises the couplets according to the stations his carriages are passing through.
Texas Health Resources filed a response on Friday to the March 2 lawsuit by nurse Nina Pham. Pham, who remains employed at Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital Dallas but has not returned to work, seeks unspecified damages in her lawsuit. A man visiting Dallas from Liberia, Thomas Eric Duncan, died October 8 at the hospital. The hospital says it respected Pham's privacy and acted only with her consent, the statement said.
Zella Jackson Price, 76, was told shortly after delivering her baby that the infant had died. But Melanie Diane Gilmore, 49, was alive and for an unknown reason had been adopted by another family. Gilmore's four children helped her find her mother through a name given to her by her adoptive parents. The mother and daughter eventually video chatted on Oovoo and did a DNA test and met in person .
Atlanta Hawks star Thabo Sefolosha broke his leg after he was wrestled to the ground by six NYPD officers. The 6'7'' swingman was arrested alongside teammate Pero Antić for obstructing a crime scene. He was left with a broken right fibula and torn ligaments and will miss the rest of the season. NYPD have now launched an internal investigation into the arrest .
Fears for two new strains of influenza will see the arrival of an improved vaccination on Australian shores. Stocks of the influenza vaccine are arriving a month later than expected. Scientists have included protection against Influenza A strain H3N2 and B/Phuket. High-risk groups will be able to access free, government-funded flu shots.
Tyrus Byrd, 40, was sworn into office in Parma last week, but her election victory was overshadowed by the departure of the majority of the police force, the city attorney, clerk and water treatment supervisor. The officials all cited 'safety concerns' in their resignation letters, the outgoing mayor says. There are 713 people living in the community and, according to the US Census Bureau, 57 per cent are black.
The MHOX Eye concept is designed to replace and even enhance the vision compared to a normal eye. The group plan to combine the biological tissue with microscopic wireless technology to provide additional functions and give super human eyesight. The project raises the prospect of what bio-engineering may make possible in years to come.
Writer slammed Warner Brothers in 2012 for dropping plans to make a movie trilogy and TV mini-series. The eight-book series follows a 'gunslinger' on his journey towards a tower. Javier Bardem and Russell Crowe are rumored to be interested in lead role.
Cindy Santamaria-Williams, of Stroudsburg, Pennsylvania is covered in bruises and has a broken eye socket following the alleged attack on Easter Sunday. She said she shushed three girls in the dark theater during Fast and Furious 7 because they were cursing loudly. Police are using mall surveillance to try and identify the attackers .
Young boy stands on the bank of what appears to be a lake and holds a tiny blue and yellow fishing rod. He moves his rod from side to side while reeling and before long a fish breaks the surface of the water. Video has been viewed over a million times on YouTube.
Reddit users have been comparing the most effective punishments their parents doled out when they were children. Parents often struggle to find the balance between a punishment being effective and not too harsh. Some parents take away their child's favourite possession to guarantee good behaviour .
Marilyn Zuniga, a teacher at Forest Street School in Orange, New Jersey, has been suspended without pay pending an investigation. She assigned her third-grade class to write 'get well' letters to Mumia Abu-Jamal and then sent them to him in prison. The letters were delivered to him after he was hospitalized last month for what his family said was treatment for complications from diabetes. The former Black Panther is serving life behind bars for the 1981 murder of white Philadelphia police officer Daniel Faulkner. His conviction was upheld through years of appeals, but he has gained international support.
The collective ceremony was billed the first of its kind to be held in China. Canine couples arrived in BMW convertibles and a stretch Hummer limousine to tie the knot. Organisers set up lavish flower arches and banquet tables in a park in Beijing.
Shadow chancellor refuses to rule out a five-point rise in the main rate of corporation tax. Main rate has been brought down from 28 per cent to 21 per cent under the Coalition. Businesses are already concerned about Labour’s stated plans not to cut corporation tax if they win office.
The Wonderland House in Brighton sleeps up to 24, with tea party sets and Queen of Heart themed bunk beds. The Looking Glass Cottage sleeps eight people and costs £450 per night. Jacqueline Martin, 37, designed the incredible house in less than a year, sourcing the materials online from other countries on Ebay .
The number of Australians visiting Bali over the past two months was up 16.7 per cent from the same period last year. Indonesia Institute president Ross Taylor says it is unfortunate the fate of the Bali Nine drug smugglers is probably third on the list of concerns about Indonesia .
We react in an involuntary way to smell because our noses are connected to synapses in the unconscious part of the brain. Perfumes with a bright, breezy, citrus scent evoke images of health, youth and the outdoors. Vanilla is an aphrodisiac.
The Just Group own Just Jeans, Portmans, Dotti, Peter Alexander, Jacqui E, and Jay Jays. Morrissey has written a letter to the Australian retailer imploring them to stop using angora wool. PETA Australia has successfully petitioned other retailers to stop selling the controversial fur. The Just Group have so far refused to back down on their stance in using the fur . The singer will be performing four sold-out shows as part of the Sydney Vivid Live festival in May .
The @BarbieStyle Instagram account was created by Barbie's vice president of design, Kim Culmone, who wanted the doll to be presented as a 'contemporary girl with an aspirational lifestyle' The account now has more than 730,000 followers .
Ophelia Conant managed to crawl backwards out of her cot and get trapped between the horizontal handrail. 19-month-old was left hanging by her neck and was only saved by her mother's baby monitor. Furniture boss who supplied the beds was today fined £50,000 and given a suspended prison sentence. Judge Karen Holt said design of the cot 'could have been fatal'
Grand Rapids, Michigan Police have an arrest warrant out for suspect Jalin Smith-Walker in connection to the Monday evening fight. The 19-year-old is wanted on a charge of intent to do bodily harm less than murder . The incident was captured on video by a bystander who uploaded the shocking clip to the website World Star Hip Hop . It shows the two girls brawling in the middle of a street in Muskegon, Michigan - coaxed on by a small crowd surrounding them. Eventually the two part, and Smith- Walker is seen getting in her gray car across the street before speeding off   .
Stefan Stoykov moved to the US from Bulgaria as an eight-year-old when he could not speak English. Now 18, he has been accepted into some of the finest schools on the planet. Brown, Columbia, Cornell, Dartmouth, Harvard, Penn, Yale and Princeton have all come knocking  .
Survey found that 80 per cent of young people feel lonely at some point in their lives. Half of those aged 55 and over said they never felt lonely, but 43 per cent wished they had more friends. Chloe Jackson, 19, appeared on This Morning to talk about how Facebook makes her feel lonely.
Tories claim Putin would be happy with Ed Miliband as PM because he can't be trusted to keep Trident submarines. Defence Secretary Michael Fallon says he is a 'backstabber' who cannot be trusted not to sell out in a 'grubby' deal with SNP. Survey suggests three-quarters of Labour candidates.
More than 70,000 people have signed a petition to get spikes removed from outside Leeds branch. Critics say the metal studs were installed to stop people sleeping rough. McDonald's say they were installed two years ago to stop anti-social behaviour.
Aueel Manyang was moved from the intensive care unit at the Royal Children's about 5.15pm on Friday. She greeted her distraught mother, Akon Goode, with a 'big hug' Her siblings - one-year-old brother Bol and twins Madit and Anger - died after their mother crashed her 4WD into a lake at Wyndham Vale in Melbourne's outer west on Wednesday. The children's father, Joseph Tito Manyang, says his daughter Awel is expected to make a '100 per cent' recovery. Akon Guode was released from police custody on Thursday night after homicide detectives questioned her over the crash  .
Initially, the Oklahoma Transportation Network Company Services Act included language that prohibited the companies from discriminating against customers based on sexual orientation or gender identity. Sen. Jason Smalley rewrote the bill to allow private businesses to establish their own policies regarding discrimination. regarding discrimination .
Finder.com.au money and real estate expert Michelle Hutchison says there are easy ways to improve the look and feel of your home for prospective buyers. Changing the door handles is her first tip. De-cluttering and reworking the wardrobes to look as presentable as those featured on The Block will add cash to your sale, she says .
Jo Burston, 43, is an award-winning Australian tech entrepreneur. Her first business Job Capital turned over $40 million in its first four years. Burston was inspired by Richard Branson's advice to 'say yes and figure it out later' Her new venture 'Inspiring Rare Birds' aims to empower women in business.
Argentina accuses three British oil firms of working without permission off Falklands. Foreign Office summons ambassador to Buenos Aires for dressing down over provocative speech by Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner. Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond pledges to protect the Falklands from 'Argentinian bullying'
Hattie Gladwell blogs about her experience of living with an ostomy bag after she underwent emergency surgery for ulcerative colitis. She has called for the new Tips From Former Smokers ad, commissioned by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention to be banned.
Custom officer John Frost says he 'wouldn’t trust a nun with a crutch' during his long career at London airports. Snakes, bush meat and monkeys are among the most common items smuggled in by smugglers. Frost says it is better to look scruffily right than too smartly wrong .
Karen Buckley, 24, disappeared from a Glasgow club in the early hours of Sunday morning. She was last seen leaving the flat of a man she had met at around 4am on Sunday morning . Her handbag was found in a park in Dawsholm Park, near Dorchester Avenue, this afternoon. Her parents Marian and John have flown to Glasgow from Cork to help with the search for their daughter. Police say they have traced the man she was seen with and he is not a suspect.
Keith MacDonald, 29, from Sunderland, has sired a massive brood with at least ten mothers. He was set to become a father for the sixteenth time but has revealed he's split from the unborn child's mother. He said: 'There is no baby - it's not mine and I'm single now' after split from his most recent girlfriend.
Mystery man found on streets of Gniezno in western Poland in February. He claims he has no memory of who he is or where he is from. Police release pictures and information for help.
Freddie Gray, 27, died Sunday after he 'had his spine 80 percent severed at his neck' following his arrest by four bicycle officers for violation that's being kept 'secret' Baltimore Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake vowed to ensure the city held 'the right people accountable' . Gray's stepfather, Richard Shipley, said: 'He's gone. What else is there to say?' The race of the officers involved could not immediately be confirmed and they have been placed on leave .
Dennis Sears changed his will to leave everything to live-in home help Nermin Kancefer months after she moved in. He disinherited his surviving relatives who had been the intended beneficiaries for 20 years. His family claimed the carer exploited the 'vulnerable' childless widower, who had Parkinson's disease. But the mother-of-one, 50, insists Mr Sears had a change of heart after falling out with his family. Police are investigating the case .
Robin Esser has worked in national newspapers for 60 years. His best stories are from his days as editor of the William Hickey gossip column in the Daily Express. He is now an elder statesman of the Press.
This year's election has bought with it a bizarre batch of merchandise in a bid to sway the nation. Ukip pendents, Tory cupcake cases and Lib Dems 18th birthday cards are among the odd trinkets on the shelves .
The Project were promoting their upcoming interview with US comedian Michael Che. Two of the three clips shown were of Che’s castmate, Jay Pharoah. Presenter Waleed Aly apologised for the embarrassing blunder after viewers pointed it out on Twitter. Aly was the subject of a similar mix-up earlier this year when The Age printed a photo of Nazeem Hussain .
Charge came to light when customers sought to claim money back from travel insurers. They were asked to provide airline letter confirming cancellation, but easyJet told them to pay £10 fee. Association of European Airlines confirmed no other airline has attempted to charge for this. EasyJet spokesman said each letter has to be individually researched and created for each passenger .
Police response times in some areas have increased by up to 50 per cent because of funding cuts. In Bedfordshire the average response time has increased from seven to 11 minutes. In Essex and Kent, crime victims are waiting up to a third longer for a response .
Robert Ewing, 60, is accused of murdering 15-year-old Paige Chivers in August 2007. He is said to have had an 'inappropriate sexual interest' in her and took advantage of her 'chaotic and dysfunctional' upbringing. Paige vanished after a row with her father at their seaside home in Blackpool, Lancashire . No trace of her body has ever been found  .
The Omura's whale was discovered on a remote Exmouth beach after Tropical Cyclone Olwyn. It is the first sighting of the species in WA and only the second in Australia. The species is usually found in Indonesian waters and the Philippines.
Duchess of Cambridge, 33, is a huge fan of Hobbs, Seraphine and ASOS. Wore £35 ASOS polka-dot dress to visit foster carers in North London in January. Also loves JoJo Maman Béb.
Mohammed Nisar, 55, was driving sole trader Adrian Quinn to Walsall train station when he lost his rucksack. Mr Quinn, 46, realised he had left the bag in the car just seconds after dropping him at the station. He was carrying the hefty sum of money after cashing inheritance.
The OrcaSub takes you 2000 feet beneath the surface in two pressurised Perspex viewing domes for optimum exploration. The Migaloo by Motion Code: Blue can be used as a yacht or a submarine. The U-Boat Worxx has a panoramic view of up to 984 feet below the surface. The Super Falcon and Dragon submarines are all-electric and have zero emissions .
Erica Ann Ginneti, 35, a married mother of three from Philadelphia, pleaded guilty in December to institutional sexual assault and disseminating sexually explicit materials to a minor. The former math and calculus teacher at Lower Moreland Township School District had been facing seven to 14 years in prison, but on Friday Judge Garrett D. Page sentenced her to 3-23 months, including the first 30 days in jail and the next 60 on house arrest. She will also face three years’ probation, 100 hours of community service and will have to register as a sex offender for 25 years.
Deputy Labour leader has refused to rule out above-inflation increases in taxes on fuel, alcohol, tobacco or air fares. Asked if the party would raise levy on petrol, she said: 'We rule out increasing VAT, the basic or the higher rate of tax'
The Beautification machine was created by Austrian designers Maya Pindeus and Johanna Pichlbauer. It uses a lipstick wheel, eyeliner applicator and a mask which illuminates when the 'beautification' is complete .
Ron and June Phillips were travelling on a Thomson Celebration cruise ship when they were attacked. Graeme Finlay, 53, claims he was 'ignored' when he joined their table and moved to another after looking at the menu. He claims Mr Phillips, 70, later struck him with his crutch during a confrontation but the couple say they were ambushed  .
Dave Heeley, 57, from West Bromwich, ran the gruelling challenge over six days. The father-of-three battled through sand dunes, dried river beds and rocks as he battled through desert. He crossed the finish line on Friday after running 156 miles and camping in the desert. Competitors must carry provisions on their back .
All three major political parties backing calls for an inquiry into the Mail’s revelations. Royal College of Nursing head said nurses who had faced five years of pay freezes would struggle to comprehend the six per cent pay rise. Jeremy Hunt said a future Conservative government would look into findings 'in detail'
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was found guilty last week on all counts related to the April 15, 2013 attack on the Boston Marathon finish line. His parents, Bill and Denise Richard, wrote an op-ed in the Boston Globe saying they do not want to see him executed. They say they are thankful to the government for their 'tireless and committed' work to bring justice to their son Martin. But they are now asking them to drop the fight for the death penalty .
Gemma Collins, 34, has expanded her range of plus-size clothing for Evans. Launched seven new tops and dresses at the chain's Manchester store. Says she started the collection to show curvy women how to embrace curves.
There are now 120 confirmed HIV cases and 10 preliminary positive cases tied to Scott County, about 30 miles north of Louisville, Kentucky. Health officials who declared an epidemic last month have said they expect the number of cases to rise as more people are tested. The growing number could put pressure on Pence to extend the 30-day needle exchange program that he approved on March 26. The Scott County outbreak has occurred among intravenous drug users.
Sabrina Osterkamp was last seen leaving her home in Naracoorte at about midday on Sunday. She was driving a friend's car about 110km south to Mount Gambier in South Australia's southeast. The 25-year-old's car was discovered abandoned on the side of the road.
Eight-inch leather dildo dates back to the second half of the 18th century. It was found during an excavation at an old school of swordsmanship in the coastal city of Gdansk.
Parking charges topped a table of the most-loathed fees and charges in the poll by insurer Direct Line. ATM cash withdrawal fees and debit and credit card surcharges for booking items such as air travel.
Noelle Baynham was found by a close friend who let himself in after she failed to answer the door. The 61-year-old's body had been partially eaten by the Jack Russell and Staffordshire Bull Terrier. Pathologist could not determine the exact cause of death because the dogs ate parts of her vital organs .
Waitrose announced yesterday the early arrival of its first British tomatoes of the year. It is stocking large Jack Hawkins, aromatic Red Choice and tiny Baby Plums. Strawberries are also already on the shelves.
Abdul Hadi Arwani, 48, was found slumped in a Volkswagen Passat with gunshot wounds to his chest in Wembley. His family have paid tribute to 'most peaceful man you could ever wish to meet' and called for witnesses to come forward. He was a fierce critic of Syrian president Bashar al-Assad's regime in his home country. His son Murhaf: 'He was always smiling and joking with everyone he met'
Lake Titicaca is one of the world's largest lakes, and its highest navigable one. It stretches 110 miles by 38 miles across Peru and Bolivia. The Uros Islands are man-made floating structures hewn from mats of totora reeds .
Na, 44, and Jourdan, 24, face Burberry's new eyewear range, the Gabardine collection. The duo show off their razor-sharp cheekbones and flawless skin as they model the new frames .
Pumpkin seeds are rich in vitamins A, K and E, as well as vital minerals and fatty acids. Can be drizzled onto food or applied directly to skin and hair to boost beauty and health. Gwyneth Paltrow uses it in many of her recipes in her cookbook.
The teenager from Mossley, Greater Manchester, wanted to obtain abrin online. He was caught after an investigation was launched by the North West counter-terrorism unit. He pleaded guilty to trying to buy the toxin at Manchester Youth Court .
Jia Huaijin, 33, now hand-makes swords in rural China that sell for up to £22,000 each. It is nearly 18 times the monthly salary of Chinese president Xi Jinping or the average price for a 750-square-foot flat in Shanghai. Swords date back 2,000 years.
A suicide bomb was detonated outside a bank in Jalalabad, Afghanistan, killing 35 people and injuring 125. The attacker targeted a crowd of military personnel and civilians waiting to receive their monthly salaries. One witness said a man in a suit arrived on a motorbike seconds earlier and detonated the bomb. Islamic State has since claimed responsibility for the attack, President Ghani said. WARNING: GRAPHIC.
The offspring of some of Sydney's style set have been front and centre at the catwalk presentations of Ellery, Alice McCall and Maticevski. PR maven Roxy Jacenko's daughter Pixie is already an Instagram star thanks to her mother's social media updates.
US has deployed aircraft carrier USS Theodore Roosevelt and eight other combat vessels to waters off the embattled country to keep an eye on the shipment. The cargo ships' presence raised fears within the Saudi-led coalition which is helping Yemen's government fight off Iranian-backed rebels known as the Houthis. But Pentagon spokesman refused to say whether the US flotilla - armed with F18 fighter jets - would intercept the fleet if it neared a Yemeni port. Coalition of Arab countries continued its aerial assault today.
Knightsbridge flat, London, is on sale for a fraction of the price of neighbouring homes, but has just three years left on the lease. The cost for £575,000 on a three year lease would work out at £191,000 per year - around the going rate for renting a three-bedroom flat in the area. But if any buyer decides to extend the lease, the property could be worth upwards of £6 million  .
Janek Zylinski posted the challenge online after declaring he had 'had enough' of Ukip leader. The prince is the son of Polish war hero who fought the Nazis in 1939. He says he has had enough of the discrimination against Polish people .
Isabelle Obert, a nutrition consultant, believes a good diet can affect the health of the sperm and the egg before they meet. She believes a diet rich in minerals, vitamins, essential fats and proteins can prepare both a man and a woman for conception.
Labour leader says the bobby on the beat is 'at risk of disappearing', while serious criminals 'are being let off the hook' Police and crime commissioners (PCCs) would be axed to help fund £800m plan to guarantee neighbourhood policing. But party's police adviser, Lord Stephens, is to be investigated over bungled Stephen Lawrence murder probe.
Petri Kurti, 13, murdered Glynis Bensley, 47, as she walked home from pub in Smethwick, West Midlands. He was jailed for a minimum of 12 years today and will be on licence for life. Co-defendant Zoheb Majid, 20, was sentenced to 10 years behind bars for manslaughter and robbery . Judge John Warner said Kurti had been 'running wild' in his home life and was 'not a mature' 13-year-old at the time of the murder.
Clarkson said being given cancer warning was one of the most stressful experiences of his life. He was sacked by the BBC after an 'unprovoked physical and verbal' attack in Hawes, North Yorkshire. The 55-year-old said Top Gear had come to dominate his life after his divorce and mother's death.
The converted four-bedroom home on Lawrenny Court was built as a garage to service the generous 57-room mansion Homeden. Around 25 years ago, the distinctive Toorak home was thoughtfully converted into the polished residence it is today. The conversion took place at the same time Homeden was being tuned into a block of flats. The house will be opened to prospective buyers on 22 April and is set to go under the hammer on 16 May. It is expected to fetch $3.5 million.
Jessica Bialek returned home to her husband Sabino Matera and their daughter on Thursday evening. The mother-of-one was last seen leaving her Coogee home at 8.30am on Wednesday to walk to the bank. Her husband issued a heartfelt thank you on social media to everyone who helped find his wife. The 37-year-old returned to her home around 6.30pm on Thursday after police launched an investigation. Police thanked the public and media for their help in locating her .
A fire was started at St Mary's Catholic Church in Dandenong at 2.15am on April 1. Police have released an image of a bearded young man they want to speak to in relation to the fire. The church is said to be the site of child sex attacks perpetrated by now-deceased paedophile Father Kevin O'Donnell. The fire is being treated as suspicious and police are investigating .
Young Harry was out with his parents in Cambridge on Bank Holiday Monday when he was caught under a cyclist's wheel. The female cyclist rode off without showing any remorse, despite leaving Harry with blood pouring from her face and inside his mouth .
Stephanie Scott went missing on Easter Sunday and her body was found in nearby bushland the following Friday. The 26-year-old teacher from Leeton was due to marry her fiance Aaron Leeson-Woolley on Saturday April 11. The couple had sent out invites for their wedding day which was supposed to take place on Saturday. Her father Robert has opened up about the grief his family is feeling as they struggle to come to terms with their daughter's brutal murder. 'You walk around the house and there's so many little things she planned for the wedding,' said Mr Scott. 'That's the most devastating thing — they're not going to be used'
Jim Jepps used blog to defend 'rape fantasies', describe paedophiles as 'complex human beings' and question why teachers who have relationships with pupils are put on the sex offenders register. Green party leader Natalie Bennett insists he is a 'private individual not involved in party politics' Couple met five years ago when Ms Bennett contacted him to correct something he had written about her on The Daily Maybe.
Elon Musk proposed that Google buy Tesla for $6 billion and promise an additional $5 billion in factory expansions. He also demanded that he be permitted to run Tesla as a unit of Google for eight years, or until Tesla produced a third-generation car. Tesla's fortunes changed suddenly in May 2013 when the company reported its first profit after an intense drive overseen by Musk to address technical glitches.
Linda McLean was in her classroom at Pine Eagle Charter School in Halfway, Oregon in August 2013 when a masked man in a hoodie burst in with a gun and pulled the trigger. The 56-year-old teacher had no clue it was a drill to test her 'preparedness' or that the gun was loaded with blanks.
Max Maisel went missing on February 21 and was last seen leaving his car near Lake Ontario, New York. The 21-year-old's body was spotted by a fisherman 200 yards from a coast guard station on Monday. Police and coroner have yet to release a cause of death.
The biggest study of its kind suggests sex offending could run in the family along the male genetic line. Just 2.5% of brothers of sex offenders were convicted of similar crimes, compared with 0.5 per cent of men in the general population in Sweden .
The Philadelphia Eagles officially signed quarterback Tim Tebow to a one-year deal on Monday. Tebow, 27, hasn't played a snap in the NFL since being cut by the New England Patriots in 2013. He will wear No. 11 with the Eagles .
Kate T. Parker, from Atlanta, Georgia, was inspired to create her aptly-titled series Strong is the New Pretty while pouring over photos she snapped of her daughters Ella, nine, and Alice, six, playing sports and enjoying their childhood.
Ancient Egyptians, Babylonians, Minoans and Mycenians were hit by a 'perfect storm' of disasters 3,200 years ago. Professor Eric Cline claims a series of droughts, famines, climate change, earthquakes, invasions and internal rebellions happened in succession.
The golden suit is making a special two month appearance at the Elvis at The O2 exhibition from Sunday. Normally on display at Graceland, the singer’s former home-turned-museum. It was made for the singer by Hollywood tailor Nudie.
Mick Tabone, 74, first came across the 5.2 metre croc in 1989. He spent six months setting up traps for the crocodile to save him after a warrant was issued to kill him. The farmer would sit on the creature's back and chat to him.
Annabel Jensen, Grayson Moore and Sara Jade Woodhouse have all transitioned gender. Church of Latter Day Saints does not recognize transgender people as members. Around 30 transgender Mormons meet every week in support group and have started to get attention of church.
Rafi Meitiv, 10, and his sister Dvora, 6, were picked up by police in Silver Spring, Maryland, on Sunday after being spotted walking down the street alone. Parents Danielle and Alexander Meitv have been cited multiple times for allowing their kids to roam free in their suburban neighborhood. Free-range parenting is the name given to a style of raising kids in opposition to so-called 'helicopter parenting' Parents say authorities crossed a line over the weekend when they picked up the kids and held them for six hours .
Satine Cahill was serving as the team's mascot ahead of their match against North Melbourne. But just moments before she was due to walk out she became spooked by the fireworks and rumbling 47,000 fans. She burst into tears and was comforted by teammate Patrick Dangerfield .
Westley Capper, 37, has already admitted driving Agnese Klavina, 30, away from Aqwa Mist in Puerto Banus. Police believe 5ft 7in waitress was forced into the vehicle with the property developer. Co-accused Craig Porter, 33, also declined to answer questions during a closed court hearing in Marbella yesterday .
Justin Welby will say 148 Christian students slaughtered by Somali gunmen were 'witnesses' to their faith. Comments follow Pope Francis's denunciation of 'senseless' killings at Garissa University College. Three people arrested on suspicion of involvement in attack.
Rachel Lehnardt, 35, was charged with two counts of contributing to the delinquency of a minor following the incident at their Evans, Georgia home. Her daughter, 16, took to Twitter to defend her mother, saying: 'Everyone makes mistakes' She denied her mother had sex with a 16-year-old boy and said she was raped by one. Mother-of-five admitted to turning towards alcohol during her divorce and lost custody of her five children. She was arrested last Saturday after she told her AA sponsor about the party and the donor then contacted authorities about what she had learned  .
Charlotte Li, 26, from London, launched Healthy Selfie with her husband Joe. They both charted their weightloss success by taking photos of their bodies while on a health kick. Charlotte said taking selfies helped her stay motivated to get fit and stay healthy.
Faux-gothic Victorian castle hotel sits on the banks of Lake Mohonk in New York State's Hudson Valley. The 5,000 acres of hotel grounds and surrounding preserve are a vast adventure playground for all ages.
Video shows jihadi attempting to launch attack on Kurdish Peshmerga forces near Kirkuk in northern Iraq. But as the car approaches, it hits what appears to be a roadside bomb, catapulting it 100ft into the air. Car then explodes like a firework, either due to explosives or fuel.
Edwin 'Jock' Mee accused of carrying out sex attacks on 11 victims as young as 15 while working at an Army careers centre in Croydon, south London. One woman said she saw Mee, 46, as a father figure after he helped her join Army.
Gerry Pickens, 28, was fired by police in Orting, Washington, after just under a year on the force. He was the first black man ever to be hired as a police officer in the town of 8,000. He claims he was fired for reasons down to the color of his skin and treatment by fellow officers. Vandals sprayed racist graffiti on his car earlier this year, prompting him to file a $5million lawsuit against town for racial discrimination .
Robert 'Bob' Burns Jr died late Friday in a single-vehicle crash near Cartersville, Georgia. Burns' vehicle went off the road just before midnight as it approached a curve, striking a mailbox and a tree. Burns was one of five people who founded the band in Jacksonville, Florida, and played drums.
Gaza police have seized the work 'under a court order' from Bilal Khaled. He is accused of buying the piece painted on a door belonging to the Darduna family. The now homeless family in the impoverished Islamist-run Palestinian enclave says they were 'tricked' into parting with it.
President Robert Mugabe appeared to be sporting a new hairstyle and earrings when he arrived in South Africa. But it was in fact a cleverly taken shot taken by a woman standing directly behind him. Comes amid claims he wants his daughter to succeed.
Sir Ranulph Fiennes, 71, completed the most gruelling stage of the desert race today. But he was taken straight to the medical tent because of concerns for his heart. He was forced to lie down intermittently during the last few hours of the run because of fears he would not be able to finish the stage.
Doug Hughes, 61, spent two years planning his stunt, which involved crossing the no-fly zone with letters for all 535 members of Congress. He has been chaperoned back to his home in Ruskin, Florida, where he will wear an electronic tag until his first court hearing in Washington, D.C., next month. The Secret Service has decided not to prosecute Mr Hughes' wife Alena, who claims she was not aware of the plan. Mrs Hughes defended her husband as a 'patriot'
Mr MacGregor, 68, who has been at the helm of the museum since 2002, said it was 'a difficult thing' to decide to leave. He previously ran the National Gallery and has also worked as a broadcaster - most notably on his Radio 4 series .
Richard Ilczyszyn, 46, could be heard 'groaning' and 'crying' by staff on the plane as it prepared to land. But instead of seeking medical help, attendants allegedly left him in the cubicle and let off other passengers before calling paramedics. His wife Kelly, a Southwest flight attendant, is filing a wrongful death suit against the airline .
Tiger Woods hit a tree root on the ninth hole during the final round of the Masters on Sunday. The 39-year-old looked in agony as his club came into contact with the root. He later revealed his wrist bone had 'popped out' of place and he was forced to put it back in himself  .
Labour leader Ed Miliband announced plans to overhaul Britain's non-domicile regime. It allows 116,000 foreigners and people with foreign links to pay tax only on money they bring into Britain. Miliband initially suggested he would 'abolish' the status, but it later emerged Labour is effectively proposing a time limit of between two and five years.
The clip shows two elderly women painted in ochre in a trailer for upcoming ABC TV show 8MMM Aboriginal Radio. The clip had already had 30,000 hits when it was removed after three days on Sunday. The makers of the Alice Springs-based six part comedy TV series for ABC1 posted that Facebook had taken the clip off their page on Sunday  .
David Hibbitt, 33, was diagnosed with stage-three bowel cancer in July 2012. He underwent chemotherapy, radiotherapy and surgery to remove his large bowel. Doctors told him the cancer was terminal and he decided to try cannabis oil as a last resort. Now the father-of-one says he has been cancer-free since his last scan in January 2013 .
In 1996, at the age of 9, Jennifer Bush was taken from her family after her mother Kathy Bush was accused of deliberately making her ill for attention. Kathy's lawyer blames the investigation on Menchausen Syndrome by Proxy - a syndrome that causes people to inflict pain on others in order to draw pity and attention to themselves. Kathy was sentenced to five years in prison in 1999 .
Lindsey Vonn was back at Augusta Friday to watch boyfriend Tiger Woods play in the second round of the Masters. Woods played a solid round, carding a three-under-par 69. Woods is 12 strokes behind leader Jordan Spieth.
Only the Japanese, South Koreans and Singaporeans are moodier when day breaks. People in these three countries have an excuse – they spend less time in bed. The app tracks how well people rest at night by using the motion sensor .
New York photographer Justin Bettman caught the media's attention a few months ago when he began his 'Set in the Street' project. He would build sets that, in pictures, looked like the inside of a living room, child's bedroom, or a bathroom complete with a clawfoot tub . Jose Luis proposed to his girlfriend on the set .
The Korean Demilitarized Zone (DMZ) is located along the no-man's land between the North and South. It is a hot spot for South Korean hipsters, gangsters, ex-pats and its jet-setting adventure class .
Mitchelle Blair, 35, from Michigan, is charged with with felony murder, premeditated murder and torture. Court officers carrying out a March 24 eviction at the family's apartment found the frozen corpses of 13-year-old Stoni Ann Blair and Stephen Gage Berry, 9. Blair used an expletive Wednesday in juvenile court as visitation between her two living children and their fathers was discussed. Blair also said Alexander Dorsey was 'never there' for his children. Both fathers owe thousands of dollars in child support.
Mercury is expected to reach 25C (77F) in the South East today, beating Marseille at 22C (72F), Athens at 21C (70F), Rome at 19C (66F) and Madrid at 18C (64F) Temperatures will drop slightly tomorrow as fresher weather arrives but the days will remain sunny until next week. The hottest day of the year before Tuesday was last Friday, when a high of 21.9C (71.4F) was recorded in London's St James's Park.
The driver, named in Chinese media as Mr Zhang, drove past an injured woman who turned out to be his mother. When he returned to the scene of the accident he found his mother covered in blood and dying on the road.
Nicola Sturgeon said she would regard an 'out' vote in the Tories' proposed poll on EU membership as justification to reopen the question of breaking up the UK. She also revealed she intends to be in London on May 8 - the day after the general election - to personally lead the SNP's negotiating team in the event of another hung Parliament. The First Minister said she - not predecessor Alex Salmond - would take charge of any talks, even though she is not running for a Westminster seat and he is. Miss Sturgeon said a Tory government seeking to take Scotland out of the EU against its will would be a trigger. She said SNP MPs would seek to amend an EU referendum Bill to insist on a 'double majority' - meaning England, Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland each vote to leave the EU.
David and Sandra Greatrex, 53 and 52, from Plymouth, were harassmed by David's sister Anne. She set up David's brother with one of her best friends and then became jealous of their relationship. The couple have spoken about their family feud on Channel 5 documentary .
Officer Michael Slager, 33, has been charged with the murder of 50-year-old Walter Scott. The father-of-four was shot dead last Saturday in North Charleston, South Carolina . A police report has now revealed that another man was in the car with Mr Scott when he was pulled over. The man, who is not a relative, could shed light on what happened between then and now. It has also been revealed that the officer was allowed to stay with the force despite a complaint .
Clint Gee was forced to dig his mother's grave after a council 'co-ordination error' meant work had not been done to the burial plot. He had planned to reunite his mother, Elizabeth Hobbs, with his father, Alex Gee, who died in 1964. Western Downs Regional Council apologised .
Police say Clarence Taylor, 44, faked his own kidnapping by duct taping his mouth and tying himself to a tree in Akron, Ohio. On November 1, Taylor's 45-year-old girlfriend called police, saying he had been missing for several days. Police have charged Taylor with falsification.
Prince Harry was greeted by an enthusiastic crowd at the Australian War Memorial in Canberra. The 30-year-old made a beeline for a youngster with a banner saying 'Redheads Rule' The royal is in Australia to report for official military duty but he enjoyed his interaction with excited fans  .
Nicola Sturgeon's dress divided opinion on Twitter during last night's Scottish Leaders' Debate. Viewers said it was grey, green or teal but others insisted it was green. One viewer said the debate was overshadowed by the colour of the dress. Another said the focus on the dress missed the point.
The 34-year-old mother-of-one spoke with Elle.com about her daughter's budding independence and style preferences. Kim said she likes it when kid's wear 'mini-me styles'  .
Daniel Boykin, 33, pleaded guilty to charges of unlawful photography, aggravated burglary, wiretapping, unlawful telephone recording and two computer crimes. He admitted to repeatedly filming the woman inside a bathroom at Nashville International Airport. At the time of his arrest last year, Boykin was found with 92 videos of the victim — 29 taken from the airport bathroom — and 1,527 photographs. He will be under strict probation for five years once he leaves prison, but will not be registered as sex offender.
Shanay Walker's death was culmination of 'repeated acts of cruelty' at hands of her aunt, jury told. She had food shoved in her mouth and was struck on the hands with a hairbrush, court told. The youngster, who had 50 separate bruises across her body, was found cold and rigid in her bed last July .
At least 112,000 motorists were given fines or appeared in court for motorway offences last year. Increase put down to introduction of 'smart motorways' which use cameras to police speed limits. Conservatives are already moving to scrap the controversial cameras if an ongoing review criticises their use .
Janet Faal, 57, was out with a friend in Crawley, West Sussex, when she fell down a manhole. She smashed her face on a wooden pallet and was left with two black eyes and a suspected fractured leg. Agoraphobia has left her housebound for a decade and she fears she'll never leave home.
A Utah photographer, Alan Lawrence, created a photo series called 'Wil Can Fly' in which his 18-month-old son, Wil, who has Down Syndrome, appears to be flying. Lawrence began taking the photos when Wil was just months old and created the illusion by holding his son up in the photos and later cropping himself out.
Hassan Munshi and Talha Asmal, both 17, from Dewsbury, West Yorkshire, are believed to have travelled to Syria. Farouk Younis, imam of mosque used by relatives of the boys, said they could be followed by friends. He said Muslims must talk to other teenagers who 'might be looking at them and thinking this is the way' to join ISIS in Syria .
Christian Longo murdered his wife and three children in Oregon in 2001 before going on alcohol-fuelled Mexican trip. He posed as shamed New York Times reporter Mike Finkel and went on booze-filled holiday to Cancun, Mexico. After snorkeling, swigging beer, hitting nightclubs and romancing a German woman he was spotted by the FBI. He was arrested and charged with murder and sentenced to death after a month-long trial. Now a film about his life, True Story, has been released starring James Franco.
President Barack Obama arrived at the Alfred Street Baptist Church in Alexandria, Virginia, on Sunday morning. Rev Howard-John Wesley opened the service by welcoming the president, before urging the congregation not to take selfies with him. It acted as the warm up for the annual Easter Roll on Monday .
Actress Paula Duncan reveals she attempted to take her own life at age 43. Her teenage daughter Jessica Orcsik was the one who found her and called an ambulance. Duncan, 62, says her marriage breakdowns contributed to her depression. She is best known for Ajax Spray'Wipe.
Bondi's Icebergs Club pool was drained to create a unique catwalk for Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia. Ten Pieces presented a monochrome collection of unisex clothing designed to be worn by both.
Abdirahman Sheik Mohamud, a naturalized American citizen of Somali descent, had been instructed by a cleric to return to the United States and carry out an act of terrorism. The 23-year-old left the US a year ago with the intent to go to Syria and train with a terrorist group linked to al Qaeda in Iraq.
Kenne Worthen, 27, allegedly started flirting with the sixth grader at Longview Elementary School in Phoenix last August and the relationship turned sexual in January. The father-of-one allegedly kept in contact with the girl by messaging her on an iPod app, Google Hangouts, where she labeled his profile with a fake name, 'Jesse Smith' Some of the conversations were sexual in nature, according to police, while in another, the teacher told the student he was worried she would feel guilty and tell his wife or the police. On April 10, he allegedly had sexual contact with her there after getting her mother's permission to let her stay.
Obama said it is 'personally difficult' for him to hear his administration accused of not looking out for Israel's interests. He insisted the U.S. would stand by Israel if it were to come under attack, but acknowledged it has been a hard period.
Australian's spent $20 billion on digital devices and services in the last 12 months. Men spent twice as much as women on computers, digital accessories, mobile apps, and streaming services. Families with children living at home are spending 50 per cent more than singles, couples without children and empty nesters.
The New Shepard system will take astronauts to space on suborbital journeys. It will launch from Blue Origin's west Texas facility near Van Horn, Texas, southeast of. El Paso, this year .
Scientists quizzed more than 5,000 British teenagers about their drinking habits and films they had watched. Those who had watched the most films which featured characters drinking alcohol were 20% more likely to have tried alcohol. Lead author Andrea Waylen called for films to be rated by alcohol.
A large protest opposing the closure of remote indigenous communities in WA has shut down streets in Melbourne. Several thousand people gathered outside the city's main railway station Flinders Street at 4pm on Friday. This comes as the Queensland Police Service refuses to issue an apology to an Indigenous officer after claims the word 'Abor' was written on his station roster.
Vijay Chokal-Ingam claims he posed as a black man while applying to medical schools in the late 1990s to get into St. Louis University School of Medicine. He claims he shaved his head, trimmed his 'long Indian eyelashes' and joined the Organization of Black Students during the process. When he was finally accepted to the school, he used the experience as an example of what was 'wrong' with affirmative action. His sister, comedienne Mindy Kaling, told him not to move forward with the social experiment .
The photos were released by RSPCA South Australia on Tuesday. They detailed how the cats at the property were in poor physical condition when they were seized in September. The owner pleaded guilty to a charge of failing to provide appropriate and adequate living conditions for his cats. The case was finalised in the Christies Beach Magistrates Court .
Lindsay Jo Rimer was 13 when she went missing from Hebden Bridge, West Yorkshire in 1994. Her body was found in Rochdale canal five months later, weighed down with a 20lb rock. Her sister Kate has spoken out for the first time as police launch a new bid to find her killer . Police admit they are still searching for 'golden nugget' .
Samantha Fleming and her newborn daughter Serenity were last seen in Anderson, Indiana on April 5. The three-week-old infant was discovered unharmed at a home in Gary on Friday and will be returned to relatives. Police were led to Gary after Fleming's cell phone signal was picked up in the city, where the young mother's wallet was also found and her wallet .
Labour leader was out campaigning in Bristol this morning - his first public appearance since Saturday. After a low-key day campaigning in Doncaster on Saturday, the Labour leader spent all of Sunday and Monday with his family. His political rivals wasted no opportunity to drum up support with just a month to go before polling day. David Cameron, Nick Clegg, Nigel Farage and Nicola Sturgeon were prominent on the campaign trail yesterday and today .
Jason Warnock, 29, has been identified as the man who pulled Mathew Sitko, 23, from his car after he crashed in Lewiston, Idaho, on Wednesday morning. He ran to the edge of the cliff and pulled Sitko to safety, but then fled the scene to go to work. Sitko suffered minor injuries and said he was 'blessed by God' .
George was last seen running off in the direction of a caravan park near his home in North Wales. He was found on a doorstep in West Yorkshire five weeks later and has now been reunited with his owners. Owners Steven Davison, 71, and his wife Susan, 68, couldn't believe their luck when their daughter saw picture on Facebook.
Images show a shoal of fish making way for a blacktip shark swimming in the shallow waters of Heron Island in Queensland, Australia. It is thought that the reef shark was not interested in catching a meal, but the fish naturally keep their distance, creating circles of clear water around the predator. Dr Ken Collins, Senior Research Fellow and Diving Officer at the University of Southampton, said: 'This is fairly typical behaviour for shoaling fish, the same would happen if it were a diver in the photograph rather than a shark'
Choc on Choc's Limited Edition Political Chocolates collection comes in three different flavours. David Cameron's bar is studded with blueberry pieces, Ed Miliband's comes in red raspberry and Nick Clegg has honeycomb.
Clinton, whose mother Hillary is expected to formally announce her presidential campaign this Sunday, said it is time the United States had a female leader. Clinton says that though the US is the 'land of equal opportunity,' that is not true about gender, and a female president would change that. Clinton also talks about life with daughter.
Penn State University scientists have found evidence that we may not be alone. They found 50 galaxies emitting unusually high levels of radiation. This could be because aliens are harnessing the power of  stars. However, further research is needed to confirm that this is the case. The findings were made using Nasa’s orbiting Wide-Field Infrared Survey Explorer. This telescope is perfect for detecting mid-infrared radiation .
Nick Loeb and Sofia Vergara created the embryos through in vitro fertilization in November 2013 and they remain frozen at a Beverly Hills clinic. The 39-year-old filed a lawsuit last August over the two embryos, which remain frozen indefinitely .
Kevin Jonas Rojano-Nieto, 20, was sentenced to 10-years behind bars for raping a 3-year-old girl in June. Judge M. Marc Kelly said anything longer would be 'cruel and unusual punishment' Prosecutor have said they will appeal the decision and will push for 25-year minimum sentence.
The broadcaster has vowed to do less after presenting everything from the BBC's rugby league coverage to Crufts. The 44-year-old said it was 'exhausting' to be constantly asked about being gay.
Abase Hussen admitted taking daughter Amira Abase to extremist rally when she was just 13. Admitted she was 'maybe' influenced by the rally organised by banned terror group Al-Muhajiroun. Also at the rally were hate cleric Anjem Choudary and Michael Adebowale, one of the killers of Fusilier Lee Rigby.
System uses arachnid-like robots to construct large objects in orbit around the Earth by 'spinning' building material into shape. Could cut construction costs by only launching raw materials such as carbon fibre into orbit.
Ukip leader made remarks after being asked to justify scarcity of black and Asian faces in manifesto. It was suggested only black face in the document appeared on a page about overseas aid. Mr Farage said the premise was wrong, with picture of immigration spokesman Steven Woolfe ignored.
Alfie the Yorkshire terrier was found in Gerrards Cross, Buckinghamshire, by RSPCA inspector Stephanie Law. The seven-year-old was microchipped and traced down to his owner Kirsty Mitton in Wednesbury, West Midlands, 120 miles away.
The 69-year-old collaborated with NBC's Today show to launch a contest for one Elvis-obsessed couple to win the 'ultimate wedding' The winning duo - announced next Monday - will tie the knot at Elvis Presley's Graceland Wedding Chapel inside the Westgate Hotel on Thursday, April 23. Along with the singer's former wife in the audience, Priscilla.
King Felipe, Queen Letizia and their daughters Princess Sofia and Princess Leonor looked immaculate as they arrived at Palma cathedral on the Balearic isle. Well-wishers gathered to watch the Spanish royals arrive at the service.
The Egyptian-themed mansion, advertised as Pharaoh’s Palace, promises a 'perfect private location' on seven secluded acres in Tampa. An August 2014 adult-themed party dubbed 'Midsummer Night Wet Dream' got the mansion, bought by Canadian millionaire Gordon Lownds, its first noise complaint. The mansion also became where Sean Grey, its manager, and Nicholas Worlds, a former adult- themed business investor, ran a modeling agency dubbed Pharaoh's Daughters.
Myer have teamed up with Mattel to re-produce the iconic dolls, which will be on sale at five of their stores across the country. First 100 customers at each of the Melbourne, Sydney, Perth, Brisbane, and Adelaide City stores.
The final day of Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia kicked off with an explosion of colour. The Australiana-themed Romance Was Born presentation dazzled attendees with a stand-out collection brimming with eccentricity.
Google currently boasts a 90 per cent share in Europe's search engine market. Ruling is result of a five-year investigation into the American search giant. Google may ultimately have to change its business model and pay multi-billion.
Employment rose above 31million in the three months to February - 557,000 higher than a year before. IMF chief Christine Lagarde and German finance minister Wolfgang Schaeuble praised Osborne's 'wonderful job' The Chancellor said the UK ‘is one of the brightest spots in the world economy’ at the moment’ .
The vaccine is made from pieces of a protein called TARP that's found in about 95 per cent of prostate cancers. Animal studies have shown that the protein can effectively stimulate the immune system.
Senator Bob Corker, a Republican from Tennessee, said on Sunday that congressional oversight 'doesn't mean there won't be a deal' He said Congress has a responsibility to scour the details of a final plan - including any classified annexes - and ask the Obama administration hard questions about it, before finally voting on it. The Committee is due to meet April 14 to consider Corker's legislation .
Tracey Cox says that it takes more than just simple eye contact to get someone's attention. She gives her tips on how to use your peepers to signal sexual interest. Spring is the season for flirting so find out the techniques.
Margaret and Gary Mazan had their 14 Red Setters seized by RSPCA inspectors in Bradford, West Yorkshire. The animals were found in filthy cages in a garden shed with matted fur and dehydrated fur. Three of the dogs were crammed in puppy cages and the majority were kept in a squalid garden shed. Magistrates heard couple caused unnecessary suffering to dogs by failing to seek veterinary care. They were jailed for 26 weeks and given lifetime ban from owning or keeping pets .
Kim Kardashian, husband Kanye West and their daughter North are in Yerevan on an eight-day visit to the country of her dad's birth. They are staying at the Armenia Marriott Hotel which is on Republic Square, formerly Lenin Square. The city is a cultural and business hub with plenty of theatres, galleries and clubs .
The brolly-clad thieves targeted supermarkets, convenience stores and electrical shops. They stole £2,000 worth of cigarettes and cars valued at £30,000 in two-month crime spree in West Midlands. The gang also threatened shop workers with hammers, knives and screwdrivers, before punching one employee in the face in a separate raid.
Natasha Elderfield, 41, is on trial at Oxford Crown Court accused of murdering boyfriend Robert Dobinson, 33. Court heard how she flew into a rage when he interrupted her attempts to have sex with another man. She told police officers who arrested her, 'my God, it's so ******g funny' after stabbing him, jury told.
Jordan Sharifi, 17, was taken into custody on Friday by police in McKinney, Texas, who say he confessed to giving a gun and ammunition to 14-year-old Raymond Howell, Jr. On Thursday, Raymond's body was found in a ditch from a self-inflicted gunshot wound. Sharifi initially denied seeing a weapon but later admitted he had given the boy the gun and tried to hide it when he found it beneath his body and threw it into a drainage tunnel.
New training will commence at Los Angeles International Airport, one of the airports named in the complaint filed by the American Civil Liberties Union. The complaint was filed on behalf of Malaika Singleton, who said she was subjected to a hair pat-down with weeks of each other while traveling from Los Angeles to London in December 2013. The TSA said the re-training will stress 'race neutrality', and that a special emphasis will be placed on the 'hair patdowns of African-American female travelers'
Rebecca Hannibal, 19, has pleaded guilty to supplying her best friend Georgina Bartter with 'purple speaker' pills. The pills were purchased from Matthew Forti, who has been charged with supplying a prohibited drug. Ms Hannibal had pleaded not guilty at a previous hearing but changed her plea to guilty on Wednesday. She will appear in court on June 10 for sentencing. The 19-year-old died after taking 'one and a half pills' at Harbourlife festival.
The number of Christians in the US will decline from three quarters of the population in 2010 to just two thirds in 2050. Percentage of atheists across the globe is expected to fall across the same time frame. Muslims will outnumber Christians by 2070, according to Pew Research Center report. By 2050, there will be 2.8billion Muslims and 2.9billion Christians out of a global population of 6.9bn.
Los Angeles judge Richard Fruin Jr. awarded Shelly Sterling most of the nearly $3million she had sought. Lawyers for Sterling had claimed that money used to buy V. Stiviano a house, luxury cars and stocks was her community property the couple had acquired over six decades of marriage. Ruling comes nearly a year after recording.
Awel Manyang, five, believes her three siblings who died in the crash were eaten by crocodiles. Her siblings Bol, one, four-year-old twins Madit and Anger and brother Bol died after their mother Akon Guode crashed her 4WD into a lake at Wyndham Vale in Melbourne's outer west on Wednesday. Awel remains in a serious condition at the Royal Children's Hospital but she remembers the accident. Her father Joseph Tito Manyang says Awel believes the children were taken by a crocodile because the children associate the giant reptiles with water. The children's mother was released from police custody on Thursday night .
Jenny Wallenda was the oldest daughter of high wire walker Karl Wallenda and grandmother of daredevil performer Nik Wallenda. Wallenda's husband, Richard Faughnan, died in 1962 when a human pyramid collapsed. Jenny Wallenda survived the invasion of Berlin by Soviet forces at the end of World War II and returned to the United States in 1947 to perform with her family.
Matthew Bird, from Ashburton, New Zealand, halved his income by quitting his well-paid job as an agricultural adviser to become a mechanic. Inland Revenue recently amended their child support formula which was enforced on April 1. Mr Bird has fathered three children and was previously expected to pay $1,300 a month in child support. He said he believes illegal employment will flourish under system.
Marie Hunt of Spring Green, Wisconsin, had to drop out of school after completing eighth grade when she found herself unable to get to her local high school. She stayed at home and took care of her eight younger siblings. Her hospice nurse contacted River Valley High School .
Nelson Felippe took a photo of a 'scene' on a train platform in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. He posted it on Facebook, and it was shared more than 100,000 times in 24 hours in just 24 hours.
British physicist Stephen Hawking has sung Monty Python's Galaxy Song. The song is being released digitally and on vinyl for Record Store Day 2015. It is a cover of the song from 1983 film MontyPython's Meaning of Life. Professor Hawking, 73, appeared on film alongside Professor Brian Cox. The video is interspersed with clips of recent live shows.
Lee Garlington is opening up about his three year relationship with Hollywood star Rock Hudson in an interview with People. He says he would sneak over to Hudson's house after work, spend the night and leave the next morning. The two would bring a date with them to social events so people would not know they were dating. The relationship lasted for three years, from 1962 until 1965. Hudson would never publicly come out of the closet before his death in 1985 .
Senior Constable Neale McShane has spent ten years working in Birdsville in far south-west Queensland. Temperatures in the region can reach over 50 degrees, giving rise to a number of desert rescues. The 59-year-old is set to retire later this year, with authorities on the lookout.
The cost of paying for rising numbers of deaths may be too much for many families, report says. Deaths in Britain will start to go up and increase by 20 per cent over the next two decades. Price of a funeral is rising fast thanks to higher costs for cremation, rising undertakers’ bills as funeral firms are faced with bad debts, and increasing fees.
Moore and Willis purchased the south tower penthouse on the 28th floor of the historic San Remo apartment building in 1990 from Saturday Night Fever producer Robert Stigwood. The 14-bedroom apartment includes a 7,000 square feet of living space and wrap around terraces with views of both Central Park and the Hudson River. They split up in 2000 and share three daughters .
Posters were stuck on lampposts and bus stops across the Grangetown suburb. They read: 'Democracy is a system whereby man violates the right of Allah' Cardiff Council have begun removing the posters, dubbed 'chilling' and 'threatening' .
The 41-year-old man is said to have posted a 'blasphemous' status on his Facebook page last July. He told police he received the image over Whatsapp, but later admitted to posting the status on the social media site .
Nicole Mihai was told by the immigration agency that she will now have to return to Romania as she is not a New Zealand resident. The Family Court have ruled that her young son, Chris, is not able to reside further than 50 kilometres from his New Zealand father. The 34-year-old vows to fight this battle until the end and will not give up her life with her son.
Poundland last week announced that sales exceed £1billion for the first time last year. Company's success put down to shoppers hunting bargains and taking sales away from big supermarkets. But research shows shoppers in Poundland are being charged more per unit of certain products .
Teller Lake in Boulder, Colorado, has been invaded by 3,000 to 4,000 goldfish, which officials say started as pets two or three years ago. The fish are threatening to over-run the natural species in the lake, eating up all their resources and spreading diseases. Officials are now considering two options - draining the lake or electroshocking the fish. The latter is the most likely option, where the fish are stunned by an electrical current and removed while they float.
Her Majesty's account @BritishMonarchy has amassed 970,000 followers in six months. Prince Charles and Camilla take second place, King Felipe and Queen Letizia third and Duke and Duchess of Cambridge fourth. Dutch royals Maxima and Willem Alexander fifth.
Strictly Come Dancing winner joins forces with Foxes, Lily Donaldson and Alice Dellal in campaign. The campaign has so far raised £13.5m for Breakthrough Breast Cancer's research funding  .
Ards Borough Council in Northern Ireland put on taxpayer-funded dinner to 'maintain morale' and encourage workers to do a good job. Staff feasted on roast turkey and potatoes cooked in duck fat before moving to the dance floor at the party. Council chiefs paid £5,225 for caterers and hire of venue costing £265.80.
Feidin Santana, 23, visited the family's Charleston, South Carolina home on Thursday to meet with the man's heartbroken parents, son and other relatives. He has been hailed a hero for keeping his cellphone camera trained on Officer Michael Slager as he fired eight shots at Scott, 50, on Saturday and later releasing the video. Scott was pulled over for a broken tail light on Saturday, but when officers approached his car, he fled and was shot dead.
Tamoxifen kills off cancer cells or stunts their growth by blocking the cancer-causing hormone oestrogen. It is the main drug given to women who have not been through the menopause and is usually taken for five years or longer.
Watch available for preorder online and to try out in stores by appointment, but not to take home. Apple CEO Tim Cook said initial. orders were 'great' Watch goes on sale officially on April 24, online and. through appointments in shops, including trendy fashion boutiques.
Stephanie Scott's funeral will be held next Wednesday in her home town of Canowindra, NSW. The 26-year-old's burned body was found in Cocoparra National Park, north of Griffith, on Friday afternoon. Her fiance Aaron Leeson-Woolley and Ms Scott were due to be married last Saturday. Reverend Jonno Williams is the parish priest of the Anglican-Uniting Church at CanowIndra .
The Queen was joined by Prince Philip and Princess Alexandra at the reception in Trafalgar Square, London. The event was held in honour of the three Canadian regiments which the royal members individually lead as Colonels-in-Chief. The Queen wore a special diamond-encrusted white gold sweetheart brooch fashioned in the shape of the cap badge.
20-month-old Kendra Moad of Kearns, Utah followed her grandfather out of the house Friday morning and into the driveway. He did not see the toddler and ran her over as he pulled his truck up in the driveway to move the trash cans. Kendra suffered severe head trauma and was unconscious when medical workers arrived, and was pronounced dead shortly after at a nearby hospital. This is now the fourth time since August that a child was accidentally run over and killed in Utah.
Star Wars director George Lucas has unveiled plans to build affordable housing complex in California. The 224-home community would be built on 1,039 acres of land on his Grady Ranch estate. The project would provide homes to 224 low-income families.
Shaun Worthington's car was filmed on a truck's dashcam veering into the path of oncoming traffic at 1.04pm. The 29-year-old died instantly when his silver Audi A4 collided with a truck on the A614. His mother appealed to other motorists not to use their phones while driving.
Solar Probe Plus will carry four experiments into the corona and study the solar wind and energetic particles as they blast off the surface of the star. During the closest passes around the sun, temperatures outside the spacecraft will reach nearly 2,500 degrees.
Ron Miscavige, 79, was allegedly followed by a father-son team of detectives for 18 months for fear he might reveal damaging information about the inner workings of the secretive organization. The claims, which the Church of Scientology has categorically denied through its attorneys, come just weeks after the premiere of the HBO documentary Going Clear. The allegations originally came to light two years ago following the arrest of Florida-based private investigator Dwayne Powell, who told police he was hired by the church to follow his father .
Kendalia Halle was built more than 100 years ago by German immigrants, who through the latter half of the 19th century comprised more than 5 percent of the state's population. It's one of an estimated 1,000 dance halls that sprung up around Texas in the 1800s, knitting together German, Czech, Polish and other immigrant communities. About 400 such halls still stand — many unused and decaying .
Martha was playing on the beach in Leasowe, Merseyside when she was swept out to sea by the tide. Owner launched their own rescue attempt but were unable to save their pet. RNLI crew were called and managed to pull Martha to shore .
Belinda, 56, from Essex, had hoped the operation would deal with her jowls. But the 'horrendous' scars have left her bereft of confidence and feeling worse than ever before. Belinda is to appear on TLC's Extreme Beauty Disasters to warn of the dangers of cut-price surgery.
The BBC blames the problem on the system it uses to record programmes. It says live sections of radio stations cause the start and end times of programmes to shift. But this is not a new problem and has been on corporation's radar.
Elderflower Fields Festival will be held in the idyllic setting of Pippingford Park in the Ashdown Forest. The independent festival was created in 2012 by a small team of friends to provide the perfect environment for kids and grown-ups.
Kuku Kube is available for free on Facebook, Android, iOS and on desktop browsers. It has been designed to put your colour vision and eyesight to the test by showing boards of coloured squares. On each board, one of the squares is a slightly different shade of the same colour. Aim is to find this odd square by tapping it with your finger or clicking it with the mouse  .
Kayree Gay, 31, was captured on Friday at the Security Inn and Suites hotel in Lake City, South Carolina. Gay, who is originally from Feltonville, Pennsylvania, is facing federal charges for allegedly kidnapping a Jewelers Row employee on April 4 in Philadelphia. The 53-year-old female employee of the National Watch and Diamond Exchange in downtown Philadelphia was leaving work when she was pulled into a van in a parking garage .
‘untested and unscientific’ apps cause stress by making us worry that we are abnormal or unhealthy. Popular apps include MyFitnessPal and Apple’s health app, which is automatically installed.
The 43-year-old is the first presenter of the BBC dance contest to be nominated for the awards. It comes even though she was absent for almost a month while daughter Matilda recovered. She will compete in the entertainment performance category with Ant and Dec, Graham Norton and Celebrity Juice host Leigh Francis.
The short story was penned by the future monarch when she was just 10 years old. It tells the story of a 12-year-old girl, Alice Laselles, who was sent away to boarding school after her mother died and her father remarried.
Sarah Reign, 26, from New York, says her fans love to watch her eat junk food on camera. Security guard says she enjoys eating so much, she decided to turn it into a job. She now earns around $1,500 (£1,000)
Britt Lapthorne, from Melbourne, disappeared from a Croatian night club in 2008. She was last seen at the Latin Club Fuego in Dubrovnik where she was partying with about 10 other backpackers. Her body was found in nearby Boninovo Bay, where it was found almost three weeks after she disappeared. Her family believe she was murdered and dumped at sea.
Belinda Bartholomew claims she was racially abused at a Bondi butcher on Monday night. She was buying a chicken for her and her Roosters star boyfriend Aidan Guerra to have for dinner. The young woman claims the butcher called her a 'f***ing c***' and told her to 'go to a f***ing Aussie butcher' . The man working at Sam the Butcher in Bondi has hit back saying she is 'lying' and trying to ruin the business  .
Rachel Lynn Lehnardt, 35, from Evans, Georgia, charged with two counts of contributing to the delinquency of a minor. Mother-of-five 'played naked Twister with daughter and her friends before having sex with 18-year-old male in bathroom' She lost custody of her five children, aged four, six, eight, 10 and 16, after incident.
Kareem Abdul-Jabbar underwent emergency heart surgery at Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center on April 16. The NBA legend, 68, had quadruruple coronary bypass surgery after being admitted to hospital with cardiovascular disease. Successful surgery cleared a major blockage from the Hall of Famer's heart.
Dave Sim has put in months of training aboard his bright yellow Mark Three Chopper. The 36-year-old personal trainer from Southport, Merseyside, is hoping his stunt will inspire people to get out and ride themselves. WARNING: GRAPH.
Walter Scott, 50, was gunned down by Officer Michael Slager on Saturday morning in Charleston, South Carolina. Pop star and member of Destiny's Child, Michelle Williams, wrote: 'Once again... #WalterScott' and added a broken heart. Singer Janelle Monáe said: 'This brought tears to my eyes' . Rapper Big Boi simply tweeted an image of a black square with the words: '#Walter.Scott'  .
Cultural historian at Syracuse University, London, Chris Cook, said whistling has all but disappeared over the last few decades. He said the rise of the mobile phone and music on the ipod means young people are less likely to whistle now. Poll commissioned by the Sunday Times confirmed trend.
The blunder at the pensions office in Essen, in the North Rhine-Westphalia area of Germany. The bill is more than a thousands times than the whole of Germany's annual gross domestic product. A spokesman for the office said mistakes were inevitable .
Yervand Garginian, a 60-year-old bus driver from South Croydon in Melbourne, filmed himself cooking chicken on an open charcoal barbecue. His daughter Elizabeth Garginian posted the video to Reddit and it has since been viewed more than five million times after it was shared across Facebook and Instagram.
Conchita Wurst has been transformed into Gustav Klimt's Golden Adele for the Life Ball 2015 poster. The poster promotes the dazzling Life Ball event, where Conchita will perform and walk in a fashion show staged by Jean Paul Gaultier.
64 per cent of adults think they spend more when they go shopping with friends. Main reasons for this are 'showing off in front of friends' and 'succumbing to peer pressure' Nearly two-thirds of Americans would actually prefer to shop by themselves than with pals.
Baroness Brady helped David Cameron announce 16,000 new apprenticeships at National Grid training centre in Newark. TV star joined the Prime Minister to announce deals with Costa, Morrisons and National Grid. Mr Cameron has pledged to create three million more apprenticeships over the next five years .
Catherine Grove, 28, vanished in July 2013, abandoning her car and belongings in Fayetteville, Arkansas, only to show up weeks later under heavy guard at the Church of Wells in Wells, Texas. Her parents, Andy and Patty Grove, believe their daughter is being brainwashed by the so-called cult. She returned on her own earlier this month, saying she was 'seeking the Lord' and was not being held against her will, despite protestations from her parents. Then, within hours of returning to the church, she announced she is set to marry one of its elders. The church has been accused of sexual abuse, kidnapping and human trafficking over the years .
Second-hand car dealer Neil Tuckett has turned his back on the modern vehicle. He only sells Henry Ford's famous Model T - the first affordable mass-produced car. Each one sells for around £10,000 each .
Map uses data from the California Roadkill Observation System, a volunteer-submitted database of instances where wildlife and vehicles collided over the past five years. Clicking on the dots reveals the species - striped skunk, mountain lion, black bear, gopher snake, desert iguana - and where and when they were hit. Animals can also be mapped individually and mapped individually .
Dr Ros Altmann would take responsibility for protecting people from rip-off pension and mortgage charges. She would also be in charge of financial education and Government policy to encourage saving. Former Treasury adviser went on to head over-50s group.
It took the El Dorado Superior Court jury in less than two hours to convict Colleen Harris of murdering Robert Edward 'Bob' Harris in their Placerville, California home in 2013. In 1985, she shot dead her second husband and father of her three children, 46-year-old James Batten, after claiming he had been abusive towards her. Both killings were carried out in the same home with the same type of gun, and in both cases, after pulling the trigger, she claimed she had temporary amnesia and could not remember.
Tracey Taylor, 34, caused more than £13,000 worth of damage to her ex-fiance's Porsche and his new girlfriend's BMW. Her two terrified daughters were sitting in the back of the luxury cars at the time of the attack. She admitted burglary, criminal damage and two counts of common assault at Leicester Crown Court.
Former Chairman of the Joint Chiefs Admiral Mike Mullen allegedly told three comrades that Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl was a deserter. Mullen was on a trip to Afghanistan in December 2009 when he was asked if he knew that Bergdhal had deserted his post. The claims mean that Mullen had a position to tell the president his soldier had run away five years before Susan Rice told the world that he served honorably.
Mark Ward Faville, of Christiansburg, Virginia, was found guilty of voluntary manslaughter in the death of his wife Anne, who died in 2000 after being suffocated in a homicidal manner. Faville had reported at the time she had choked on a piece of chicken, something that was supported by an initial autopsy. After the verdict was, read, Faville was taken away, and it was then he took his own life in the courthouse. It is not known how he did this and an investigation is underway. The court was put on lockdown until 5pm .
The image shows a stone-faced Arias dressed in an orange prison uniform. It's a sharp contrast from her original booking photo in which displayed a smirk. In her first mugshot, taken in 2008, she smiled on purpose because she knew the picture would be widely published. Arias was convicted of murder and sentenced to life in prison - with no change of parole - on Monday for murdering Travis Alexander .
Sophomore Tiffany Gay thought she was being led outside for a routine fire drill but instead she found her biggest crush, junior Luis Velasquez, holding a bouquet of flowers. Gay is a special needs student who struggles with a genetic disorder called Prader-Willi Syndrome (PWS) that causes sufferers to have an insatiable appetite. Video of the proposal has over 3.5 million views since being posted on Tuesday . Gay said yes to the proposal and was moved to tears this week  .
Cheryl Prudham, 33, and husband Robert, 30, are planning to fly to the U.S. in March for a two-week 'no expense spared' break. The couple will stay at the Circus Circus hotel and renew their vows at the infamous Chapel of Love. They have also booked to see some shows and go on a helicopter tour across Nevada, it was reported .
Mass brawl broke out at Fat Tuesdays bar opening at Resorts World Casino in Queens, New York. Four security guards and a police officer were injured in the brawl. Three men were arrested and two others were issued summonses for disorderly conduct.
Tunnel could be built under the world's tallest mountain as part of grand new plans announced by China. Move shows Beijing building links with Nepal, a country India regards as firmly within its sphere of influence in the region.
A house in Dungog, in NSW's Hunter Valley, is seen being swept away by floodwater on a smartphone. Another houseboat is seen floating away in Toronto, near Lake Macquarie, west of Newcastle. More than 20 people have been rescued from the flooding, and 215,000 homes and businesses are without power. Three people have already died during the storms.
Sir John Chilcot's inquiry into the Iraq war began in 2009 but stopped taking evidence in 2011. It was initially thought it would be delayed until after the general election amid claims it could be damning for Labour.
Acetaminophen (paracetamol) is the main ingredient in the over-the-counter pain reliever Tylenol. First time this side effect has been discovered .
Henry and Donna Lou Rayhons married seven years ago in their northern Iowa hometown. Their domestic routine of church activities and political functions unraveled as Donna's health began to fail. Last year, the 78-year-old woman was moved into a nursing home, suffering from dementia and Alzheimers. Conflict developed over how to care for her, culminating in a meeting in which staff told Henry.
Nine-year-old boy was whipped with skipping ropes and beaten with metal rods and water pipes. Adoptive mother Li arrested on suspicion of child abuse after teachers at his school in Nanjing raised alarm.
Wedding Online allows couples to wed via a process that resembles a mass group Skype. Couples can choose from a range of ceremonies depending on their style. Guests from all around the world can view the proceedings, as long as they have a webcam.
Mimi and Joe Lemay's five-year-old son Jacob was born a girl named Mia, the second of three sisters. But from a very early age, Jacob began rejecting his gender. He would insist on changing his clothes 10 to 12 times a day. The Massachusetts couple decided to let him assume the identity of a boy and let him transition .
They were originally fined £120 for the unauthorised absence from Sweyne Park School in Rayleigh, Essex. They were convicted in November 2014 of failing to ensure their child regularly attended school. After they appealed unsuccessfully against the fine, bailiffs visited on March 6 demanding £1,230. The boy's grandmother paid up to stop bailiffs taking property to cover the amount owed .
Michael Keith Spell, 25, of Parachute, Colorado, was sentenced following a hearing before state District Judge Richard Simonton in Sidney, Montana. He pleaded guilty in October to killing Sherry Arnold, 43, after attempting to abduct the popular math teacher as she was jogging near her home in 2012. Arnold's body was found months later buried in a shallow grave in a rural area near Williston, North Dakota. Co-defendant Lester Van Waters Jr. was sentenced in December to 80 years in prison on a charge of deliberate homicide by accountability  .
10 tonne 'fatberg' made up of congealed waste has been removed from a sewer underneath one of London's most exclusive streets. The 40 metre long lump was so heavy that it caused the 1940s sewer in Chelsea to break . Thames Water, have now been forced to repair the old brick sewer, left, at a cost of £400,000.
Lloyd Dennis taught at a number of primary schools across Hampshire before becoming a lecturer . The 32-year-old is accused of 28 offences including rape and sexual activity with a child. Among the schools where he has taught is Cadland Primary and Bishop's Waltham Junior School in the New Forest.
Laurene Jobs, the widow of Apple founder Steve Jobs, called Hillary Clinton a 'revolutionary' woman in an interview with Time 100. She said it's not just because she's a woman - but 'the type of woman she is' . Mrs Clinton was blasted for her 'staged' visit to a coffee shop in LeClaire, Iowa on Tuesday morning. Three young Iowans were driven to the event by her Iowa campaign's political director, who then drove them to the coffee shop  .
Henri Morris, 67, admitted drugging a female employee during a business trip in order to take naked photos of her. The married software executive was caught in an FBI sting after one of his victims approached investigators. He was jailed for 10 years without the possibility of parole.
Brian Nicol, 32, dived into a swimming pool at a luxury holiday villa in the Costa del Sol but failed to resurface. His friends dragged him out of the water and tried to save him but he died shortly after 8.30am. Police say early evidence suggests his death was a tragic accident.
Philadelphia-based artist and journalist Alison Nastasi has collated a collection of intimate portraits featuring well-known artists with their furry friends. The images see the artists in rarely-seen settings, with many of them reclining in their homes with their pets.
Abdul Hadi Arwani, 48, was shot and killed in his car on a quiet street in North West London last Tuesday. He was apparently called to a job in the area to provide a quote for building work days before his death. The supposed potential client asked the imam to come back another day. Scotland Yard is looking into whether the man was a hired killer who postponed the hit  .
Vincent Stanford moved into a single-storey home with his mother and elder brother in Leeton, in the Riverina region of New South Wales, 13 months ago. The 24-year-old was born in Tasmania and lived in Holland with his family before returning to Australia as an adult. His identical twin brother moved from Holland back to Australia in June 2013 and now lives in South Australia. Neighbours Gail and Bill Scanlan said the accused and his family mostly kept to themselves but were friendly and 'would come over for coffee'
Sq Ldr Ian Joll was forced to crash land his plane on a Dutch beach during a strafing attack in 1940. He survived the crash and trekked miles along a beach to make it home to Gravesend, Kent. Ten minutes later his parents received a telegram saying he was missing presumed dead. His incredible story came to light as his medals were put up for auction.
Tories predicted to get 31.8% of the vote, with Labour on 31.7% and UKIP on 12.7%. Liberal Democrats expected to get 13.5% of vote, slightly ahead of UKIP and Green Party .
Nurhayada Sofia was out shopping with her mother and sister at the Kenanga Wholesale City mall in Pudu, Malaysia. The six-year-old was playing with the handrail at the top of the escalator when she suddenly disappeared through a gap and plunged five floors.
Lorenzo Simon and Michelle Bird used their friend Michael Spalding for slave labour before killing him. The 39-year-old's remains were stuffed into two suitcases before Simon and Bird threw them into Birmingham Canal. Simon was found guilty of murder at Birmingham Crown Court today and Bird was convicted of assisting an offender. Police have now released CCTV footage showing the pair dragging the cases .
Stephanie Scott, 26, was due to marry her long-time partner Aaron Leeson-Woolley on Saturday. Ms Scott's sister Kim Scott posted a poem she had written to read out at her sister's wedding to Mr Woolley. The poem was addressed to 'my dearest Stephanie and Aaron on your wedding day. This is for you' Ms Scott was found dead in Cocoparra National Park on Friday afternoon. Her body was discovered by school cleaner Vincent Stanford, 24, who was arrested on Thursday morning. Mr Stanford has been charged with her murder. The couple met when they were working at their local IGA and had been together for five years.
Lib Dem leader Nick Clegg reveals balance of power lies with wife Miriam Gonzalez Durantez. He was given the option of moving his family into a grace-and-favour government mansion. But the move was vetoed by his high flying lawyer wife in a joint interview with ITV. Couple invited cameras into the kitchen of their £1.5million family home in Putney, south west London.
Duncan Bannatyne said Ed Miliband's plan to scrap 'non-dom' status had won him over. He tweeted: 'Ed Milliband says he will abolish non-dom status in UK. This gets my vote I never thought any party would have courage to do this' Comes after hotelier signed letter from more than 100 business leaders backing Tories' economic record. Labour leader promises to abolish the status altogether.
Brothers Naveed and Rizwan Hussain jailed for 12 months each for health and safety offences. Judge tells them: 'It was only by the grace of God or good fortune that people were not seriously injured or killed' Three people were hospitalised with minor injuries, while 20 students were left homeless .
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev's aunt, Maret Tsarnaeva, and two other relatives told Time they believe he was wrongly convicted as part of a conspiracy by the U.S. The bomber's uncle, Said-Hussein Tsarnaev, told the magazine that 'American special services' orchestrated the 2013 terrorist attack which left three dead and hundreds more wounded. Tsarnaev was found guilty by a Boston jury on April 8 of all 30 counts - 17 of them carrying the death penalty - in connection to the deadly April 2013 attacks  .
Tutors are deciding whether to bring back the exams, which would be designed to select exceptional applicants. University said recent changes to the exams system made it more difficult to decide which students to admit.
Authorities near Flagstaff, Arizona, have found fleas infected with plague near a water treatment plant. Prairie dog deaths at Picture Canyon alerted officials to the possibility of an outbreak. Plague is still contracted by as many as 2,000 people a year.
Prince William is due at the Cenotaph on the same day the Duchess of Cambridge is due to give birth. Leading obstetrician Guy Thorpe-Beeston will be in charge of the birth of the couple's second child.
A woman who may be a 'possible DUI driver' led the California Highway Patrol on a slow-speed chase through Los Angeles for almost an hour. The chase finally came to an end in Pasadena when one patrol officer tapped the rear bumper of the woman's SUV and sent it spinning.
Teenager from Lahore in Punjab province Pakistan, who has been identified only as Nuaman, is recovering in hospital from burns to 55 percent of his body. He was approached by two Muslim youths as they left Friday prayers at their local mosque. When he said he was a Christian they started beating him and set him on fire with Kerosene.
Candice Swanepoel, Elsa Hosk and Jasmine Tookes star in Victoria's Secret's latest campaign. They promote the brand's new Dream Angels range of underwear. The range is both flirty and feminine.
Kyle Knox, from London, was last seen alive at the foot of Ben Nevis on March 31. The 23-year-old was reported missing the following day when he failed to return to his hotel in Fort William. Body recovered by Royal Navy Helicopter.
Baby girl was found face down in toilet bowl at Silcock's Amusement Arcade in Southport last night. She was named April by hospital staff at Ormskirk Hospital where she is being treated. Police believe baby girl may have been 'born where she was found' hours before she was discovered. Officers say they have traced the mother to an address in the Merseyside area and she is 'safe and well' .
Ceara Lynch, 28, from Portland, Oregon, works as a professional 'humiliatrix' She has been doing this since she was 17. Her first pair of used underwear sold for $70. Ceara says she's had three serious relationships over the course of her career  .
Donald Graham, 62, killed heiress and property developer Janet Brown, 45, for her money. He stole £300,000 of her savings, her Land Rover and Porsche, took her horses and tried to siphon off thousands of pounds. Ms Brown vanished in 2005 and her body has never been found. Graham, who dubbed himself Teflon Don, was last year jailed for life with a minimum of 32 years.
A duffel bag containing human remains was found on Loughery Way in Cambridge, Massachusetts, on Saturday morning. It was spotted outside a building used by biotechnology company Biogen Inc, one block away from police station. It comes as more human remains have been found in common area of an apartment complex nearby. Suspect, who will not be identified until arraignment on Monday, has not been charged with homicide.
Grant Hackett's father has revealed his son's sleeping pill addiction was triggered by a death threat. Former police inspector Neville Hackett said his son had 'his life threatened by a well-known associate of criminals' two years ago. The revelation comes after the 34-year-old made a come back last Sunday when he earned a 2015 world titles relay team berth by cruising to fourth place in one minute and 46.
Mohammed Morsi, 63, sentenced to 20 years for ordering arrest and torture of protesters in 2012. Fourteen others were convicted on the same charges, with most also jailed for 20 years. But court cleared the defendants on charges of inciting murder over the deaths of a journalist and two protesters.
Some 3.7 million of the short-fused gun owners also confessed to carrying their weapons outside of the home. The research carried out by Harvard, Columbia and Duke University found the majority of angry gun owners were young or middle aged.
Qatar Airways scored a perfect 100 in the research by travel site WanderBat. Followed closely by Emirates and China Eastern in the top three. British Airways ranked in eighth place as the only UK airline to make list.
The man, known only as Donor 7042, carries a defective gene known as neurofibromatosis 1 (NF1) It can pass on a severe, life-limiting condition to his offspring. He is understood to have fathered 99 ‘Viking babies’ across the world.
Kevin Gill, 45, found the eight-inch alligator outside and gave it to his 13-year-old son to nurse back to health. Deputies were serving a search warrant on the family's Naples, Florida, home when they found the gator in a tank .
The Azamara Club Cruises' Quest vessel carries about 680 passengers. The size of the ship means it is able to access ports that are off-limits to the bigger vessels. The cruise company prides itself on offering a variety of experiences  .
Jon Stewart will host his final The Daily Show on August 6. He will be replaced by comedian Trevor Noah, 31, who has been accused of antisemitism. Stewart said he decided to quit because he was becoming depressed by American politics and watching cable news  .
Castro passed away on Friday morning while in his sleep in San Diego where he was in hospice care, family spokesman James Garcia said. He was a self-made man, the embodiment of the American dream overcoming poverty and discrimination to graduate from college, and launch a successful career in politics and diplomacy. During his career, Castro also served as an American ambassador to three countries including El Salvador, Bolivia and Argentina. He became known as 'Yankee Castro' to differentiate him from the other Raul Castro — the brother of Cuban dictator Fidel Castro. Castro is survived by his wife and two daughters .
Dr Donald DeWitt, 65, charged with attempted sexual assault, child endangerment and criminal sexual contact. The prominent human sexuality and biology teacher at the highly competitive Bergen County Academies in Hackensack was arrested Monday.
A racegoer seen on video deliberately knocking an elderly man to the floor at Aintree racecourse. The 63-year-old man is seen staggering towards the man before he barges into him and knocks him onto the floor. The man is left injured and lying on the floor in the middle of the road as he walks off. Merseyside Police have questioned the 34- year-old under caution about the alleged assault .
Scott Shirley, his wife Mayo and seven-year-old son Phoenix were travelling back to Washington DC. They were on a United Airlines flight from Orlando to Washington when they discovered the vomit. Family were given blankets, which they say did nothing to remove the pungent smell. United Airlines apologised and offered them alternate flight.
Thames Valley Police called an Army bomb disposal team after passer-by reported seeing missile on barge in Reading. Alongside the 4ft long missile were the head and shoulders of a dummy wearing a balaclava . Police and bomb disposal unit inspected the missile and found it was a dummy.
Jerry Hugel, 83, his wife Marianne, 80, and friend Walter Vondthadden, 76, died along with 70-year-old neighbor Gloria Greco in an apparent carbon monoxide poisoning on Friday. The victims, all in their 70s and 80s, were found dead at the house in Bellerose in Floral Park, Queens. Neighbors say that the couple were a happily married couple for 60 years who loved to dance, garden, and observe their German heritage. It appeared the car was accidentally left running in the garage .
Jade Walters, 21, loaned out her beloved horse Magic to help a young girl learn to ride. She was shocked to discover the family she loaned him to had sold him at auction for £200. Magic's fate has sparked fury in the equestrian community and an appeal for his whereabouts has been shared online.
The Library Hotel is located at Madison Avenue and 41st Street in Manhattan, just steps from the New York Public Library. Each floor is dedicated to one of the Dewey Decimal System's categories and each room is decorated according to a genre or topic within the categories .
Rare archive photo, and several other portraits as comical as they are chilling, have been discovered in a Hitler ‘fan magazine’ from the Thirties. They ended up in the Hitler fanzine - Deutschland Erwache (Germany Awaken) full of hero worship and pin-up pictures of Fuhrer.
Lauren Hill was diagnosed with Diffuse Intrinsic Pontine Glioma just after her 18th birthday. She was told she had just two years to live after doctors found the inoperable brain tumour in September. The 19-year-old devoted her final year to playing basketball, raising money for cancer research and inspiring others. She died four months later this month after playing with her college team at Mount St Joseph University.
The challenge was part of the central China stage of the annual Miss Bikini of the Universe contest. The girls put aside their fear of heights as they paraded along the narrow footpath in red bikinis and black high heels in Luoyang .
Kristen Bell is the voice of Frozen's Anna and the star of House of Lies. She is the mother of two daughters, Lincoln, two, and Delta, just four months, with actor Dax Sheppard .
The 56-year-old described herself as a 'closet comedian' before getting up for an 'impromptu' routine on The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon.
Zambi Wildlife Retreat is a sanctuary for retired, old, injured and homeless animals set on a 50 acre property south of Penrith in western Sydney. The retreat is home to lions, tigers, monkeys, dingoes, parrots, rescued farm and domestic animals from all over Australia. Over 20 students are currently completing work placements at Zambi as part of their Certificate III in Captive Animal Management at Tafe and universities.
Holly Littlefield, 16, was arrested and held in a police cell for 14 hours after Zoe Gregory, 26, hijacked her email account. Another pupil, Vicky Francis, 15, was also arrested after police were told she had access to Holly's account. Both were fingerprinted, had DNA samples taken and had to pose for mugshots .
Jonny Bucknell, 58, was enjoying his meal in the council chamber when a Labour rival spotted him and alerted other councillors. He was forced to put down his cutlery when the mayor, Lazzaro Pietragnoli, interrupted the proceedings to tell him off. The angry diner claims he was unaware eating was banned in the chamber  .
The robot sub was examining the depths of the Gulf of Mexico when the sperm whale suddenly appeared. Sperm whales are listed as an endangered species under the U.S. Endangered Species Act.
Craig will spend the next three years raising awareness for the U.N. Mine Action Service and political and financial support for the cause. 'I'm humbled that I will get the chance to work next to people who are risking their lives every day to help ordinary people live ordinary lives,' said Craig at United Nations headquarters in New York on Tuesday .
In real life 007 would have perished several times in his most recent movie, Skyfall, medical experts say. The incidents that ought to have been fatal include one before the opening credits rolled that would have 'turned his lungs out' and another that shattered his shoulder.
The dog was discovered in the play area of an animal shelter in Antioch, California, with injuries to its ears and stomach. It is believed the pet, named Fireman, was burned by chemicals at a foster home. Rescuers are now looking for prospective adopters.
David Cameron greeted voters in the street as he left speech in Cheltenham. But aides ordered that the Jack Russell and poodle cross-breed be kept well away from the Conservative Party leader.   .
The Securities and Exchange Commission announced the charges Monday against William D. Allen, Susan Daub and their Capital Financial Partners investment firms. They're accused of reaping more than $31 million in a Ponzi scheme that promised high returns to investors from funding loans to cash-strapped pro athletes. The SEC said Allen and Daub paid about $20 million to investors but received only around $13 million in loan repayments from athletes, the agency said  .
Overall global sales of $14.97 billion fell marginally from 2013. The report also named the year's top-selling album - the 'Frozen' soundtrack, which sold 10 million copies, while Pharrell Williams' 'Happy'
Former Top Gear presenter Richard Hammond has released a video documenting his 'bored' unemployed lifestyle. The 45-year-old has released his first home video on a new channel on YouTube under the name 'Bored' It follows him as he drives along the M6 and drives to Buttermere in the Lake District to learn how to herd sheep with his dog .
Yanomami are an indigenous ethnic group in the Amazonian region of South America. There are about 26,000 Yanomami living in Brazil and 15,000 in Venezuela, mostly in federally protected reserves near rivers and in remote mountains.
Bruno Fernández, 32, arrested in connection with disappearance of Adriana Giogiosa, 55, who was reported missing by her brother. Police found blood and an industrial meat grinder at his home in Madrid suburb of Majadahonda. Neighbours said he 'regularly' sacrificed live animals prompting complaints to police.
Nurses forced to work 12-hour shifts are treated like 'slave labour', says Unison member. Unison has called for more research into the effects of long shifts on workers' health. In a stretched NHS, longer shifts are now more common, offering a cost-effective strategy. Royal College of Nursing report reveals staffing shortages .
Photographer Hiroshi Ueda invented the 'extender stick' in 1983 while working for Minolta. He came up with the idea after struggling to get pictures of himself and his wife together. Modern versions allow a smartphone to be held aloft .
Amy Childs, 24, unveils summer range full of pastels and feminine florals. Says her garments are designed for the woman wanting to embrace wearable catwalk trends. Says she works out to keep her curves .
Graphic signs tell pilgrims not to stop for a poo break during Camino de Santiago pilgrimage. No one knows who put up the signs, which show a squatting figure defecating in red circle.
Hawaii scientists say a supervoid may account for an anomaly in the cosmic microwave background radiation (CMB) of the universe. In 2004 astronomers first found the 'Cold Spot' - a region 20 per cent less dense than elsewhere. The theory was proposed by astronomers seeking to understand what is causing this larger-than-expected cold area. If confirmed, the supervoid would be the largest single structure ever found by humanity. It would be three billion light-years from Earth and would be 1.8 billion light years across.
Poll of Scotlans shows 49% of people plan to vote for SNP, with just 25% backing Labour. There has been a surge in support for the SNP in the months since independence referendum in September. Labour leader Ed Miliband claims Tory election campaign has descended into 'desperation and panic'  .
Disgusted member of the public snapped the man using the field as a makeshift toilet. TH Clements & Son, which owns the field in Benington, Lincolnshire, was alerted and sacked the worker with immediate effect .
Glenn Mason, 56, plundered the accounts of nine pensioners including an 83-year-old woman and a 92 year-old man. He got away with the thefts for almost a year before his arrest in July 2012. Bank manager turned to gambling after his teenage son was injured by a roadside bomb while fighting with British troops in Afghanistan.
Well-off buying up homes in tourist hotspots has also driven up property values. Local people priced out of the areas where they grew up. Under Lib Dem plan, local authorities would have power to charge 200 per cent council tax to deter people from buying holiday homes.
Residents in Oldham, Manchester, were shocked to discover binman dumping bags in alleyway. CCTV footage shows binman lifting bags out of dustbins before tossing them down alleyway . Council slapped stickers on bags warning residents they could face £50,000 fine.
Dr Oz, 54, is the vice chairman and professor of surgery at Columbia's College of Physicians and Surgeons. The Harvard-educated doctor joined the faculty at Columbia in 1993. The doctors accused Dr Oz of pushing 'miracle' weight-loss supplements with no scientific proof that they work. Dr Oz still occasionally occasionally teaches .
Prince Abdul Malik and Dayangku Raabi'atul 'Adawiyyah Pengiran Haji Bolkiah married in a lavish ceremony in Brunei yesterday. Over the last 20 years,wedding expenditure has become an eye-popping affair. Celebrities and royals have spent millions on ceremonies.
Experts say mothers should wait at least 18 months to give their body time to recover and increase the chances the next child is full-term and healthy. The study released on Thursday by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention found that about 30 percent of women who'd had a child became pregnant again within 18 months. White women had the shortest spacing — about 2 years, 2 months on average. Black and Hispanic women typically waited 2½ years or longer and black and hispanic women waited longer.
Ed and Justine Miliband first met at a dinner party hosted by Stephanie Flanders. She was the glamorous then economics editor of BBC2's Newsnight. Miliband was chief economics adviser to Gordon Brown at the time. Justine Thornton said she was 'furious' when she found out he was dating her.
Raymond Townsend, a manager at US Limousine on Long Island, New York, was found liable for sexual harassment against dispatcher Geralyn Ganci, now 32, after she refused to have sex with him. He sent her lurid texts saying that he 'had to pull over to the side of the road and masturbate thinking about me' A judge has now ordered the company and Townsend to pay her more than $700,000.
Scientists in California have described how to create artificial auroras on Earth. They said a particle accelerator could be sent 185 miles (300km) up into space. It would then fire high-energy beams back at Earth's atmosphere. The beams would excite atoms and create fantastic colours - which we see on the ground as auroras. It could even trigger different forms of lightning in the atmosphere .
A Washington, DC-based company called United Space Structures wants to create a new space station. Their giant cylinder could apparently replace the ISS. It would rotate four times per minute to create artificial gravity, and would be 1,300ft (400 metres) long. The main cylindrical body would spin in one direction, the top dome-shaped section would spin the other. This would allow spacecraft to dock with the top of the station, which would appear stationary. The structure would take 30 years to build and cost close to £300 billion.
Chancellor met his house-cleaning doppelganger at Numatic factory in Chard, Somerset. Onlookers could not help noticing similarities between the grinning, plastic cleaning device and the Chancellor. Tories announce plans to create thousands of apprentices.
Casey Veal's son Zayden was just 10 months old when he was bludgeoned to death by a drug-crazed burglar. Harley Hicks broke into their Bendigo home at random in the middle of the night in June 2012. The 19-year-old bashed the defenceless baby more than 30 times with a homemade bat.
Located in the slums of Rio de Janeiro, crack cocaine users visit the open-air bazaars to buy rocks of the drug and smoke it in plain sight. A makeshift portrait studio - a scavenged chair set in front of a white backdrop, illuminated by two small lights - draws crack users from their nightmarish surroundings .
Stephen Howells, 39, and his 25-year-old girlfriend Nicole Vaisey, from Hermon, New York, were charged last summer with sexually exploiting the Amish girls and other children. They each face kidnapping and federal child exploitation charges after police say they abducted the girls, then seven and 12, from their family's farm roadside vegetable stand on August 13. Guilty pleas would mean the victims wouldn't have to testify, including others who are not publicly known, which is one of her biggest concerns.
Sheila Secker, 78, had been given the pay-as-you-go phone by her son but had not used it for some time. When she collapsed in December, she could not contact her family and died in hospital a few days later.
Major General Michael Gambier-Parry was captured by Rommel in Mechili, Libya, in 1941. The German field marshal invited the British officer to dine with him in a gesture of military camaraderie. During the meal, he complained that a German soldier had taken his hat. Rommel then took it upon himself to retrieve it .
Thomas Cain's mother Ora Mae died in 1943, when he was just 12 years old. He was left thinking there were no surviving photographs of her. But his granddaughter, Andrea Ferrell, 29, tracked down an old photograph from a distant relative. The image shows his mother as a teenager in the 1920s.
Representative Darrell Issa asked Clinton about use of personal email in December 2012. But he didn't receive an answer until more than a month after she had left the State Department. Issa was chairman of House committee on oversight and government reform. Clinton is currently on a two day tour of Iowa .
Nicola Sturgeon said she would back calls for all tax powers to be devolved to Holyrood 'as soon as possible' But Labour leader Jim Murphy warned this would leave a £7.6billion black hole in Scotland's budget. The First Minister was forced to admit her MPs would vote for fiscal autonomy as early as next year. Such a move would trigger higher taxes, deeper spending cuts or unsustainable borrowing levels. Miss Sturgeon was booed for refusing to rule out a second referendum after the election. She was also booed by the audience for not ruling out another referendum on independence after the vote. Labour's Jim Murphy said Scotland is not ready for 'home rule' independence. Scottish Lib Dem leader Willie Rennie warned Miss Sturgeon against another referendum and called for an end to drilling.
Memo for members of Congress states damningly that ‘the UK may not be viewed as centrally relevant to the United States’. Development of G20 group of major economies has led to decline in ‘influence and centrality of the relationship’  .
Joyce Kuhl, a grandmother from South Carolina, visited SeaWorld Orlando in 2013. Claims orcas are being kept in 8ft deep holding pools which leave them 'essentially roasting' Claims they are being deprived of food for days while being trained to perform at the park. Also claims chlorine used in their tanks is 'many times stronger than household bleach' This is the second lawsuit against SeaWorld in less than one month .
Bristol County Sheriff Thomas Hodgson said Hernandez knows how to use his charm and manipulate better than anyone he has ever seen. The former football star is generally affable and polite and would try to use those qualities to get what he wanted at the Bristol County House of Corrections. Hernandez was convicted April 15 of the 2013 killing of Odin Lloyd.
Sir Jeremy Heywood has ordered an official probe into claims that a civil servant leaked a memo. Scottish first minister told French ambassador Sylvie Bermann she would prefer David Cameron to remain PM. Nicola Sturgeon said she did not think Labour leader Ed Miliband was 'prime minister material' . She called on Ed Miliband to commit to working with SNP to 'lock out' Cameron .
Georgina Chapman, who is married to Harvey Weinstein, turned 39 on Tuesday. She shared an Instagram image of a large bouquet of flowers he had bought for her. 'Thank you for my beautiful flowers!!! #wonderfulhusband #birthday,' she wrote. Comes four days after it emerged he will not face criminal charges  .
Nyia Parler, 41, allegedly wheeled her 21-year-old son, who has cerebral palsy, into a park near their home in south west Philadelphia on Monday and left him there, before going to stay with her boyfriend in Maryland. The boy was found on Friday night in a wooded area 10 feet from his wheelchair with a Bible and a blanket. Parler was detained in Maryland on Saturday night, charged with assault and neglect. Police say she will be arrested as soon as she is released from hospital. She faces charges including aggravated assault, reckless endangering, neglect of a care-dependent person .
Tony Blackburn claims disgraced entertainer Jimmy Savile 'tarnished' his era. BBC Radio 2 presenter's long-term employer still reeling from string of allegations against former staff. Several media personalities were investigated and arrested following launch of Operation Yewtree.
Amber Phillips of Los Angeles expressed her support for the right to die law introduced in California on Tuesday that if passed next year will legalize physician assisted suicide for terminally ill patients. 'The pain and suffering took some of her dignity away when she became so ill that she was not able to work,' Phillips told Dailymail.com of her mother who died in the summer of 2012. Her mother Connie Phillips fought her cancer with fervor before asking that she be killed with the help of a physician but was not granted the option .
Queen's Hospital, Burton, Staffordshire, ran out of space in its mortuary over Easter weekend. Bodies were transferred to the mortuary for viewings, then returned to the truck, according to one hospital worker .
Amie Cox, 33, of Victoria, made the admission while appearing on an SBS Insight programme about sibling rivalry. She says she has a 'special smell connection' with her younger son Alex, 5, and sniffs him 'all the time' The mother-of-two says the bond with Alex's scent began from the first moment she held him after his birth. She has been attacked online as 'a freak' but says she loves both boys equally .
Father-of-two Shiraz Nawaz said he felt lucky to be alive after 15-foot flames shot out of the manhole in Solihull. The 36-year-old had been on his way to his local takeaway when he heard buzzing from the ground. Flames shot up to 15ft high and could reach top of nearby shop.
Ashya King's chances of long-term survival could have been halved by parents' decision, doctors say. Brett and Naghmeh King took him abroad for proton beam therapy, an alternative form of radiotherapy. Consultant Peter Wilson said it was 'deeply unfair' that he had to say no to parents wanting treatment. He said chemotherapy was essential to reduce chances of cancer returning .
Kim Jong-Un allegedly scaled the 9,000ft high Mount Paektu near the Chinese border. Pictures show him smiling on the top at sunrise before visiting troops at the mountain's base. The 32-year-old dictator said the climb had given him mental energy 'more powerful than nuclear weapons'
Compromised information included patients' names, home addresses, ages, illnesses, test results or Social Security numbers. Most involved electronic data and theft, including stolen laptops and computer thumb drives. Hackings doubled during the study, from almost 5 percent of incidents in 2010 to almost 9 percent in 2013 .
Osborne has gone from being booed in front of his two children at the Paralympics to being credited with helping to turn Britain's economy around. He went on the 5:2 diet and lost 2st and went on tour of the South West during a break in an Election campaign tour of South West .
John and Karen Copleston claim Paul Phillips, 67, 'constantly harassed' them over petty dispute. Couple moved gate at the back of their £210,000 house in Poole, Dorset, last year. Retired Mr Phillips accused them of putting gate up on communal land and took matter to council planners. When couple challenged him they say he embarked on campaign of misery that forced them to install CCTV.
Video shows the Falcon 9 booster lowering itself onto the platform, before a gust of wind sways it to one side. The 14-storey booster manages to hit the barge, but its high speed and tilt causes it to explode on impact. SpaceX once compared it to balancing a broomstick on your hand.
Abdul Hadi Arwani, 48, was found dead in his black Volkswagen Passat in Wembley last Tuesday night. Leslie Cooper, 36, appeared before magistrates in Camberwell today charged with his murder. He was remanded in custody and will appear at the Old Bailey later this week. Second man arrested on suspicion of conspiracy.
Harley Jo Skorpenske, a student at Ohio State University, suffers from lupus, an autoimmune disease which causes the body to attack its own tissue, leading to inflammation that results in visible swelling and joint pain. Her mother, Corinna, took to Facebook to publicly shame the anonymous note writer and defend her daughter .
Stevie McCrorie has been crowned winner of The Voice UK 2015 after beating fellow contestant Lucy O'Byrne in the final. Now he has to break the curse of previous winners who have failed to do anything but flop out of the charts. Leanne Mitchell, the first ever winner, has been dropped by her record label and now works as a holiday camp performer.
Catholic bishops in the U.S. slam 'prejudice-laden presentation of the past' after first episode aired. Criticises show encourages audience to 'root for the self-made commoner Thomas Cromwell' Review also slates depiction of Catholic martyr Sir Thomas More as 'evidence-flouting'
Hafeez Batthi, 33, and his wife, Khalida, 26, were racially abused by a middle-aged woman on a Sydney train on Wednesday. Stacey Eden, 23, overheard the woman berating the Muslim couple and stood up for them. The couple are 'hardworking, honest and kind' members of the local Islamic community in Brisbane. They moved from Pakistan several years ago seeking a better life in Australia. The family regularly attend the Holland Park mosque and are raising a newborn baby son, Mohammad. Police are urging anyone who witnessed the attack, which was caught on camera, to come forward. The mosque in Holland Park has offered Ms Eden and her partner an all-expenses-paid trip to visit the Gold Coast for a night.
Wayne Heneker says he is still haunted by the attack which took place almost a year ago. The security guard was ambushed by a masked gunman who tried to rob him of thousands of dollars. He fired three shots at his attacker in a bid to save his own life. Seconds later he realised the man he had just killed was an ex-colleague Shameem Rahman .
Thomas Buckett, 21, plunged 15ft on to concrete floor after friends dared him to jump on glass skylight. He suffered life-changing head injuries and had to undergo pioneering surgery after fall in May 2010. Family sued Staffordshire County Council for not doing more to secure premises. Judge rules they must pay £150,000.
Angela Kelly, 67, had almost no cartilage left in her knee and needed a titanium knee replacement. The average woman spends £136.52 on five new pairs of shoes a year. Study suggests high heels can put dangerous pressure on knee joints .
Jessica Kemp from Eustis says teachers at Seminole County Elementary warned they would remove kindergartner Logan from class. The 32-year-old says she applies the liquid to his head and neck as it helps him keep calm and focused    .
The only other prisoner who rode in a police van with Freddie Gray on April 12 told investigators that he believed the 25-year-old was trying to hurt himself, according to a leaked police report. The report was leaked to the Washington Post under the proviso that the prisoner remains anonymous - raising questions about its accuracy and the favorable light which it shines on the Baltimore police force. The statement was cited in a warrant to search an arresting officer's clothing for possible traces of Gray's DNA  .
Nasa’s New Horizons spacecraft has taken its first colour image of Pluto and its moon Charon. Taken from a distance of 71 million miles (115 million km), the blurry image doesn’t reveal a huge amount of detail. As the spacecraft gets closer and closer, the images will continue to improve until it flies by on 14 July. It will be the first spacecraft ever to visit Pluto - humanity's first ever visit to Pluto.
Andrew Sadek's body was found in a river with a bullet to the head nearly two months after going missing in may 2014. His mother believes he signed his own death warrant when he agreed to become a confidential informant for police. Authorities say he knew what he was getting into and agreed to help them of his own free will. His death is raising questions about the use of young, low-level drug offenders as informants.
Women are most popular at 25 years and 10 months, while men hit the friendship high at 27 years and three months. A third of adults met their closest friends while at school and a fifth (22 per cent) met them at work.
Vladimir Putin, 62, appeared on Russian TV today to insist none of the country's troops are in the Ukraine. His appearance is radically different to how he was previously pictured in 2007 and 2010. The wrinkles on his forehead have disappeared, while his skin look smooth, taut, tanned and younger than ever  .
Paramedics were called to Cockle Bay Wharf in Sydney's Darling Harbour on Saturday night. The man was on the boat dock when emergency services were called. Before they could wrap him in a foil blanket he fell backwards into the water again. He was disorientated and taken to hospital as a precautionary measure after both falls  .
Washington Post journalist Jason Rezaian has been detained in Iran for eight months and faces trial for 'security charges' unspecified by the government. Iranian officials announced in January that he would stand trial before the country's Revolutionary Court. The Fars news agency, considered to be close to Iran's hard-liners, claims he has been accused of 'espionage' and 'acting against national security' .
Smugglers Cottage in Smugglers Cove, near Portreath, has seven bedrooms, six reception rooms and seven bathrooms. The property has direct access to the beach and an amazing view of uninterrupted coast and open sea. Estate agents said they have seen a rise in enquiries about the cottage, overlooking an ancient smugglers’ cove on Cornwall’s north coast, since series started airing.
A French model is filmed and photographed as she 'ages' an average of five years throughout a typical working day. Parisian public observe her appearance and proceed to judge her as older - from as young as 26 to as old as 40.
Craig and Bonnie Morgan have put their Hastings home on the market for £185,000. They are selling it to pay for their son Craig Jr's £4,000-a-year-old prep school fees. They have also slashed their weekly grocery bills by more than half and taken in lodgers. The Morgans have pinned their hopes on a 'crowd-funding' initiative to help them achieve dream.
The infamous Chilkoot Trail in British Columbia was used by thousands of men during the Klondike Gold Rush. Wendy flew over the world's largest non-polar icefield in the Kluane National Park in the Yukon.
The Sigma Alpha Epsilon fraternity at Clemson University in South Carolina has been put on probation for two years. The group held a Christmas theme party that flared up racial tensions on campus. White students dressed in red and blue bandanas, T-shirts with images of the late rapper Tupac Shakur and tattoos.
The pontiff made the comments at a 100th anniversary Mass on. Sunday, prompting Turkey to summon the Holy See's ambassador in. Ankara in protest. Turkey told the Vatican ambassador it was 'deeply sorry and disappointed' in Pope Francis, adding that his comments had caused trust problems.
The coyote was first seen by a local walking his dog in a park near the Church of the Holy Apostles at 28th Street and Ninth Avenue in Chelsea on Tuesday morning. It was captured more than an hour later when it was shot with a dart laced with Ketaset by Emergency Services Unit officers. It is the second time a coyote has been sighted in New York in just two weeks. On March 30, another coyote spent an hour on top of a bar in Long Island City, Queens, after fleeing into an abandoned building.
Scientists have found traces of compounds found in camomile and yarrow in the hardened plaque of 50,000-year-old Neanderthal teeth found in El Sidron, Spain. At first researchers thought they might have been using these plants as a form of self-medication. But new research suggests they may have used them to make food more palatable. Findings presented new theory.
A New York City bus driver running a route in Queens is facing possible termination after an unidentified commuter recorded him driving with papers in his hand. The driver was seen with both hands on a piece of paper, believed to be a timetable, and driving the bus with his wrists and forearms  .
A 37-year-old man was in custody Tuesday following the deaths of his wife and their two children at their home in suburban Detroit, police said. The bodies of Christie Fradeneck, her daughter Celeste, 2, and her son Timothy, 8, were discovered by police Monday night. The man was held for questioning and the causes of the deaths haven't been released. Timothy's ninth birthday and Celeste's third birthday were less than two weeks away, the Detroit Free Press reported .
The 37-year-old fashion veteran sported a tiny string bikini as she posed with her son Quinnlann Clancy for a sweet snapshot. The mother-of-three gave birth to her daughter Cecilia Kathryn on February 9.
An unnamed teacher at Foster High School in Richmond, Texas, is facing disciplinary proceedings for allegedly giving his students anti-Muslim propaganda during class. The eight-page handout, entitled Islam/Radical Islam (Did You Know), made unsubstantiated claims like: '38 percent of Muslims believe people that leave the faith should be executed' and Sharia Law, jihad.
Ladbrokes reveals 90 per cent of bets placed on the sex of the royal baby have been in favour of a girl. A Scottish punter placed a whopping £2,000 wager on a new princess with Ladbrokes. The official due date is April.
Stephanie Scott's funeral will be held next Wednesday at the venue where she was set to get married. The 26-year-old's burned body was found in Cocoparra National Park, north of Griffith, NSW, on Friday April 10. She was due to marry her childhood sweetheart Aaron Leeson-Woolley last Saturday. A memorial service will take place at the Eat Your Greens centre in Eugowra, near Ms Scott's home town of Canowindra.
Edward Fride, the pastor at Christ the King in Ann Arbor, Michigan, suggested churchgoers attend classes to gain a concealed pistol license. He warned that crime had gone up in the area while budget cuts meant that there had been a reduction in armed police response.
Liam Linford Oliver-Christie, 29, caught with drugs under his floorboards during police raid in West Kensington. Officers uncovered haul and 'drugs paraphernalia' with the help of a sniffer dog at council flat in September 2013. His father Linford Christie, 55, is the former Olympic sprinter who won gold at the 1992 Barcelona Games.
London-born street artist Plastic Jesus erected several 'No Kardashian Parking Anytime' signs around Los Angeles this week. He says he came up with the idea while driving down Melrose Avenue in L.A. a few weeks ago. Plastic Jesus says the stunt was not meant to target the Kardashians specifically but the reality TV star obsession in general    .
Scything expert Chris Riley, 56, says Aidan Turner should have kept his shirt on to protect himself from the sun. He says the actor's macho grunts tarnished the view of the usually 'sedate' action of scything. Mr Riley also questioned whether Turner had been shown how to use a scythe properly before filming. He compared himself to rocker Iggy Pop.
On Wednesday Virgin Australia launched complimentary food on all flights across the Australian domestic network. The latest introduction of free food will be part of a package that will also include free checked baggage. The move will complement the free in-flight entertainment already.
Sol Campbell is part of a new campaign to encourage minorities to register to vote. Former Arsenal and England defender joined forces with David Harewood, Tinie Tempah and Ade Adepitan. Campaign run by Operation Black Vote.
The iconic Sydney Harbour Bridge has topped the list as the most photographed Australian landmark on Instagram with 342,969 photos. Sydney's popular Bondi Beach has been ranked second with 261,911 photos, followed by the World Heritage listed Sydney Opera House with 134,641. The famous tourist attractions were listed in the 20 most 'Instagrammed' places in Australia as part of research.
Neil Fox, 53, accused of nine offences against three girls and three women over 23 years. One alleged victim says Fox repeatedly assaulted her at Capital Radio’s studios in Leicester Square. Two others say they were sexually touched against their will by him at Magic FM's studios in Central London. Fox denies seven counts of indecent assault and two counts of sexual touching without consent against six females .
Thirteen people were killed and 31 were injured in the 2009 attack carried out by an Army psychiatrist who is now on military death row. Following years of tension, the Army gave the Purple Hearts to survivors and relatives of the dead in a somber ceremony on the Texas military post. The Purple Heart, given to military personnel wounded in battle, offers increased retirement pay  .
Marks & Spencer is stocking the Bouea macrophylla - or mango plum - after years of work with Thai growers. The fruit has a bright orange edible skin and will go on sale at Marks & Spencer from this weekend.
Xavier Denamur sparked fury after he exposed France as a country of microwave cheats. He compared chefs' corner-cutting to being the culinary equivalent of a low-cost airline. France did not get a single entry in to the top ten of the World's 50 Best Restaurant Awards last year. France's global culinary influence 'is no longer the same', say chefs .
Ben Parsons, 34, of Brighton, surprised girlfriend Anna Jefferson, 36, by getting down on one knee. She was watching her boyfriend run in the Brighton marathon with their children Nancy, three, and Thomas, 11 months.
The best temperatures at 2pm today were 16.2C (61.2F) at Achnagart in the Scottish Highlands, followed by 14.5C (58.1F) in Plymouth, Devon. Forecasters expect the South to reach 17C (63F) tomorrow, 21C (70F) on Tuesday, 23C on Wednesday and 20C on Thursday. Five flood alerts are in place today - for Devon, Cornwall, Somerset, Bristol and Cumbria. Some 93 hours of sunshine - up 20 hours on the average - have brightened the UK already this month, but the South West is on flood watch.
Convicted murderer Nikko Jenkins used a mirror to carve '666' into his forehead. The 28-year-old told his attorney about the incident in a phone call from his cell in Omaha, Nebraska. It comes amid his ongoing appeal that he is mentally unstable and ineligible to face the death penalty. Jenkins was jailed exactly one year ago for shooting dead four people in 10 days.
Ken Broskey, 69, of Livonia, Michigan, has been diagnosed with stage 4 cancer, and doctors have urged him to check into hospice care. Instead, he has taken a job as an Uber driver so he can make enough money to pay off his mortgage before he dies so his daughter and grandchildren can live in his house. Uber has donated $5,000 to the man, and is also donating $1 to a GoFundMe campaign set up for the man for every rider who enters their app before Monday .
Mohammed Tahir, 53, got off his train at Mile End and picked a target on the platform. He followed her onto a Central line service and stood as close to her as he could. Undercover police officers were watching his every move and arrested him. He was convicted of sexual assault after a two-day trial at the Old Bailey.
The head, designed by American robotics designer David Hanson, is able to answer basic questions and can also be used in the simulation of medical scenarios. Ham is currently on exhibit at the Global Sources spring electronics show in Hong Kong.
In the HBO documentary Thought Crimes Gilberto Valle talks about his 2012 arrest and the claims that he allegedly plotted to kidnap, torture, and eat his wife and other women online. Months before his arrest in late 2012, Valle, then a New York police officer, sat at his computer, hiding behind fictional online identities and exchanging messages about murdering and eating women. His trial included lurid details of how he sought advice from others in the online 'death-porn' community over how to kidnap and kill his wife. He was sentenced to time served in November for illegally accessing a federal database. He has been out of jail since July after being cleared of conspiring to abduct, cook and eat.
The four-storey home has five kingsize bedrooms, five bathrooms, an underground pool, a gym and a lift to take cars to the basement garage. It comes after Ms Forbes, 49, made a handsome profit on the sale of her previous flat, in Chelsea. She and husband Graham Clempson bought it for £18.5 million in 2007.
Karen Gaynor appeared at Rotherham Magistrates Court accused of causing criminal damage. Magistrates took just 15 minutes to find the 53-year-old not guilty, saying she had acted with good intentions. Council officials had told Ms Gaynor she could trim the tree near her home but refused to show her how much. Prosecution then told of how her pruning caused 'unnecessary damage'
Craig Roberts, 36, was told he had to leave his guide dog Bruce outside if he wanted to be served. He said he was left feeling 'angry and shocked' by the incident at the Post Office in Chadderton, Manchester. The Equality Act 2010 makes it illegal to deny access to a guide dog owner.
Statues of Queen Victoria and King George V were splashed with paint in Port Elizabeth and Durban respectively. Vandals poured paint over Scottish-South African missionary Andrew Murray's statue in the Western Cape. A bronze rider marking the Anglo-Boer War from 1899 to 1902 was toppled from his horse. Comes days after white solidarity groups held protests over the removal of a statue of Cecil Rhodes .
Millie Marotta, 36, is giving colouring books an adult twist with her sellout volume Animal Kingdom. The art book, which was published in August last year, has sold 500,000 copies worldwide. Millie, from Tenby, Wales, took eight months to complete the illustrations  .
Violet Price, 80, had been missing from her home in Moustier village since last week. A 32-year-old man has now been arrested and charged with murder after he told police where to find body parts. Mrs Price's son raised the alert after she failed to respond on phone.
Pittsburgh-based pop-up shop, Less Than 100, has priced its entire stock to reflect the local gender pay gap, meaning that female customers are only charged 76 per cent of the retail price while men pay in full. In the United States, women earn an average of 78 cents for every dollar that men make  .
Biology teacher Karstein Erstad discovered the worms on the surface of the snow while skiing near Bergen. Numerous reports have been coming in after he told his story, and there have been sightings of worm rainfall in Norway.
Jonathan Krueger, the photo editor at the school newspaper and a junior in the College of Communication and Information, was shot in the chest around 2 a.m. Friday while walking home. Police charged Justin Smith, 18, with the murder Friday afternoon, this after he fled when they tried to stop him earlier in the morning while driving a minivan that matched the one described by someone who was with the victim. Police are still looking for more suspects. University President Eli Capilouto sent a note to students and staff calling the killing 'incomprehensible'
David Cameron will announce the move today as he pledges to commit £8billion to fund the health service. Prime Minister said last night he was ‘utterly committed’ to health service . Move designed to demolish Labour claims that the Tories would ‘cut the NHS to the bone’.
Freddie Gray died Sunday after he 'had his spine 80 per cent severed at his neck' following his arrest by three bicycle officers for a violation that's been kept 'secret' until today. The 25-year-old was arrested by Officer Garrett Miller for having a switchblade knife after being stopped because he 'fled unprovoked after noticing police presence' Gray, who was screaming in pain as he was taken to a police van, then lapsed into a coma and died seven days later. Six officers have been suspended, but investigators say they still don’t know how it happened. Baltimore Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake said that she is frustrated by the lack of answers given in the police report on Monday  .
The island of Por-Bajin was found in the centre of a remote lake high in the mountains of southern Siberia. The location was first discovered in 1891, and the purpose of island has still not been explained over a century later. Scientists were able to create a 3D reconstruction .
Robert Fidler, 66, secretly constructed mock-Tudor castle complete with battlements and cannons and lived there with his family from 2002. He unveiled it officially in 2006 when he thought he would be able to exploit legal loophole. But local authority immediately laid siege by refusing to grant retrospective permission. Now, after numerous court appearances costing tens of thousands of pounds, Communities and Local Government Secretary Eric Pickles has ruled it must be demolished.
Tina Fey was seen out with her husband Jeff Richmond and daughter Penelope Friday morning in New York City. This is the first time the Emmy-award winning writer, producer and actor has been spotted since the tragic suicide of cosmetic dermatologist Dr. Fredric Brandt on April 5. Dr. Brandt was said to have been devastated in his final weeks over a caricature of himself on Fey's show Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, though that is not the reason friends say he took his life. Dr Franff, played by comedy veteran Martin Short, is a Botox-loving plastic surgeon played by Fey's daughter, Kimmy, who was rescued from an underground bunker by a cult leader.
Heartwarming scenes captured by professional photographer Denis Budkov, 35, during a trip to Kuril Lake in Kamchatka, in Russia. He sat and watched as the mother became a makeshift sofa for one of her playful cubs.
Joshua Corbett, 39, is charged with stalking and breaking into Sandra Bullock's Los Angeles home in June last year. The Oscar-winning actress called police after seeing a man in her home heading for the attic. The roughly 15-minute conversation with a 911 dispatcher is the first piece of evidence a prosecutor presented against Corbett. A judge is currently deciding whether there is enough evidence for Corbett to go on trial for the charges  .
ComRes poll for ITV News reveals 54% want her kept out of the next UK government. 59% want SNP as a whole to play no part in running the country, according to the poll. Polls in Scotland put SNP on course to make huge gains north of the border, taking dozens of seats. David Cameron warns any deal with SNP would be a 'match made in hell' for the economy. 36% of voters back Lib Dems playing a role in the next government, with only 40% against SNP .
Mohammed Dahbi ordered Kassie Thornton and Christy Spitzer to 'keep that behavior for the bedroom' Taxi driver also called them 'b*****', 'c****' and 'whores' after they refused to pay the fare and walked away. Judge ordered him to pay $10,000 in fines and make him attend anti-discrimination training and pay $5,000 civil penalty.
Professor Giuseppe Ferrari made revelation at Vatican-backed exorcism course in Rome. He said TV shows like True Blood and Twilight are encouraging the surge in young people dabbling in occult. Such incidents are considered a form of demonic possession by the Vatican.
Mercedes Benz Fashion Week Australia took place at Sydney's Carriageworks on Tuesday. Punk fashion took to the runway at MBFWA, with models donning stocking caps, fishnets, tattoos and leather harnesses. Phoenix Keating, Alice McCall, Zhivago and Khim Hangall embraced a raw, punk look.
Ryan, 41, phoned brother Rhodri, 38, and the two are now reconciling in an attempt to rebuild their relationship. The two brothers were spotted out together with friends at a bar in Manchester on Easter Sunday. Natasha Giggs had an eight-year affair with Ryan in 2011.
Tom Ryan, 40, was struck by a Toyota while making deliveries on Staten Island. Onlookers used a shirt as a tourniquet in a desperate attempt to stop the bleeding. He has lost one leg but is expected.
Nicola Sturgeon today faced claims she would 'paralyse' the UK economy with demand for another referendum. SNP leader sparked outrage by refusing to rule out a second vote on breaking up the Union. Lib Dem leader Nick Clegg warned the entire country would suffer if SNP chose to 'constantly ask everybody the same question'
The handwritten charts and notes of Samir al-Khlifawi, a former Iraqi Army colonel, were found in Syria. He explains in detail how ISIS were able to take control in Syria by infiltrating villages and using spies. Haji Bakr is widely considered to have been ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi's closest advisor. He was executed by a rebel group known as the Syrian Martyr's Brigade in January 2014.
Deputy Patrick O'Melia, 39, was flagged down by Justin Braddock's sister near DeLand, Florida. He found Braddock unconscious in the front seat of a car and spent seven minutes giving him CPR. Braddock, who had injected a large amount of heroin, was taken to hospital but fled. Two-year-old child found in car.
One bookie has taken five bets for more than £10,000 on David Cameron's party to emerge with the most seats. Not a single bet of this size on Ed Miliband's Labour, MailOnline can reveal. Gambling industry experts say this year's election will be the biggest non sporting market in history.
A 13-page checklist from the Gemini 4 mission in June 1965 is tipped to sell for £80,000 ($120,000) The list shows the various steps the astronauts had to go through when opening and closing the hatch to space. One of them cut their hand or finger on the hatch locking mechanism and their blood ended up on the checklist after they removed their gloves while safely inside. Had the pair not been able to lock the hatch after themselves, they would have been lost in space. And had that happened, it could easily have scuppered the Apollo missions that followed including the moon landings.
Chelsea Manning, 27, has given her first in-depth interview from behind bars in Fort Leavenworth, Kansas. The former intelligence analyst was convicted of espionage in July 2013 for sending a trove of classified documents to WikiLeaks. She was sentenced to 35 years in prison. Manning, a former army private who enlisted as Bradley, has had her name officially changed to Chelsea. She recently received approval to undergo hormone therapy for gender reassignment while in prison and is taking hormones  .
Andrei Lunev reportedly walked on a tripwire while reporting on fighting in Shyrokyne, East Ukraine. He suffered serious head and lower extremities wounds and was taken to hospital. Incident took place after night of heavy fighting between rebels and government forces.
Larung Gar Buddhist Academy is home to 40,000 monks and nuns who travel from all over the world to study Tibetan Buddhism. The sprawling settlement, Sertar, sits on elevations of 12,500ft and is 370 miles from Chengdu, China, and is the world's largest Buddhist settlement .
Steve Esmond and his wife, Dr Theresa Devine, and their two teenage sons fell seriously ill during their stay on the island of St. John. Sean, 16, and his 14-year-old brother Ryan remain in comas two weeks after being hospitalized. US Environmental Protection Agency has opened a criminal investigation .
The 223ft Explorer superyacht comes with its own helipad, infinity pool and space for 12 guests. The concept yacht from British yacht designer Tony Castro has been dubbed the 'Range Rover of the seas' It costs 40million euros (around £29million/$43million) to build, designers say.
Police called after teenagers started 'running riot' and women threw chairs at one and other. Fight took place at Southport Holiday Park, Merseyside, yesterday evening. Two women were knocked out and a reveller was arrested on suspicion of assault .
Mary Day, 60, claimed £16,500 of income support and disability allowance despite having £27,000 in savings. She went on three trips to tourist hotspot Goa in 2009, 2011 and 2014, but did not tell authorities. She was caught following an anonymous tip-off to benefits officers. Judge sentences her to three months in prison suspended sentence.
The white-cheeked macaque was discovered in the remote highland forests of south-east Tibet. It earned its common name due to the pale whiskers on its chin and the side of its face. The monkey has a distinctive rounded penis compared to other macaques.
David Nellist, 38, of Keswick, Cumbria, foiled after neighbour heard dog 'screaming' in the middle of the night. He was sentenced to two months in prison, suspended for 18 months, banned from keeping animals for five years and ordered to pay £1,580 costs.
Labour leader Ed Miliband has overtaken David Cameron as most popular political leader for the first time. Labour Party has also taken a commanding four point lead over the Tories with just 28 days until polling day. Tories have pinned election hopes on turning campaign into straight choice.
73% of toasted cheese sandwich eaters have sex at least once a month, compared to 63% who don't. Fans of grilled cheese are also more charitable and are more likely to travel than those who steer clear of the snack .
Comedian Dave Hughes refused to apologise for calling radio broadcaster Derryn Hinch a 'w**ker' on national television. Hughes and Hinch appeared on ABC's Q&A panel discussing alcohol and depression on Monday night. The episode came after a video surfaced of Tony Abbott skolling a beer in a Sydney pub on the weekend   .
Chuka Umunna said he was opposed to 'taxing for the sake of taxing' remarks highlight divisions in Labour's top ranks over 50p top rate. Ed Balls said to want new top rate to be temporary, while Ed Miliband wants permanent.
The Harewood Arms in Wakefield, West Yorkshire, has publicly revealed its support for the right-wing party. Pub is known for proudly flying the gay pride flag outside its premises. Landlord Matt Eason wrote on Facebook: 'We believe in a lot of the policies UKIP stands for regarding the pub industry and would like to let you know we show our support'
Lorraine Valentine suffers from erythropoietic protoporphyria (EPP) which causes her skin to burn and become itchy when exposed to sunlight. A holiday abroad left the 42-year-old in hospital for six days as the heat caused her entire body to swell. There is currently no cure.
Nick Cousins, 57, and Grace Garcia Cousins, 53, held over alleged 'ill treatment' of their child. Blanca Cousins, 15, fell to her death from the 21st floor of their multi-million pound flat in Hong Kong. Her birth and that of her 14-year-old sister were never registered and they did not attend school .
Experts said training was 'heavily geared' towards young people, leaving older workers behind. Over-55s had same literacy and numeracy skills as those aged 16 to 24. But they were worse at these skills than colleagues in their 30s and 40s, study found  .
Jake Castner, from Ballarat in Victoria, went into hiding last week after a warrant was issued for his arrest. The 19-year-old joked about the 'nightmare' title a magistrate gave him last year when he pleaded guilty to 33 offences. The troubled teenager's Facebook page is littered with drug references including offers of 'bud'
Gunfights broke out and. vehicles were set ablaze in one of Mexico's biggest. cities along the U.S. border, after security forces arrested a. leader of one of the main drug gangs in the area. Three suspected assailants were killed during the confrontations and two state police were injured. Earlier in the day, federal police and marines captured a leader of the Gulf cartel.
Kelly Watson, 41, started having problems three years ago when she began struggling with her words and co-ordination. Despite regular trips to GPs, it was never suggested she might have dementia as she was too young. She was diagnosed with dementia on her 41st birthday on June 23 last year.
Albert is a Selkirk Rex cat from Salt Lake City, USA, with a permanent frown. Has racked up 44.1K followers on Instagram and is a mini-celebrity in his own right. Follows Grumpy Cat.
Kent Sprouse, 42, was put to death by lethal injection Thursday night in Texas. Sprouse was convicted of killing a police officer and a customer at a gas station outside of Dallas in 2002. He is now the fifth inmate to be executed this year in Texas, the nation's most active death penalty state. In his final statement shortly before he was killed, Sprouse said; 'I would like to apologize to the Moreno family and the Steinfeldt family for all of the trouble I have caused them' .
The Shcherbakov family has been caring for the cub since it wandered up to their gate three weeks ago. The family is hoping to find a new home for the hand-reared bear and has posted adverts on the internet.
Anna Foord convinced investors to buy low grade gems overvalued by up to 2,000 per cent. The 30-year-old even flew to New York to shop in Fifth Avenue's most exclusive boutiques using the money she made. She was part of a gang of fraudsters who lived lavish lifestyles by selling investors coloured diamonds. But they were arrested and Foord was convicted of conspiracy to defraud and money laundering today while other members of the gang admitted similar charges.
Body cam vision captured at a known hoon hotspot in Yatala on the Gold Coast. Officers can be seen extinguishing the flames and administering first aid as they wait for paramedics. But rather than gratitude, some friends of the injured can later be heard threatening police. A 20-year-old man has been charged with a medley of offences.
Duchess of Cambridge is due to give birth later this week at Anmer Hall, Norfolk . Carole Middleton has given the royal nursery a Beatrix Potter-themed makeover . It is understood Kate had several pots of pink paint delivered from Annie Sloane a couple of weeks ago. Kensington Palace refused to 'confirm' or 'deny'
Ronald Reagan met Mikhail Gorbachev for the first time at a peace summit in Geneva, Switzerland in 1985. He asked the Soviet leader for his support in the event of an alien invasion from outer space. Reagan repeated the warning when he spoke to a group of students after his return to the US. His words were examined by his advisers to remove any mention of aliens in them. Dr David Clarke, who wrote How UFOs Conquered The World, said Reagan appeared to believe in aliens  .
Rye Silverman, 32, is the latest real life model to star in ModCloth's Fashion Truth campaign. The Los Angeles-based writer and self-confessed 'gender rebel' has been a fan of the brand for years.
Cheryl Rios, who runs the company Go Ape Marketing, posted her views on her Facebook page on Sunday after Hillary Clinton announced that she was going to run for president. 'With the hormones we have, there is no way [a woman] should be able to start a war,' she wrote in her post. Rios' comments sparked criticism on social media with people calling Rios a misogynist and hypocrite.
A small chocolate bunny contains 2212 kjs and would take an hour and ten minutes of swimming to work off. Indulging in two hot cross buns takes up to 50 minutes of running. Experts say it is better to manage energy consumption.
Alison Sharland, 47, agreed £10.35m settlement with ex-husband Charles, 54, for 30% of his share in AppSense. But his stake was later valued wildly higher at £132m after initial public offering. Court of Appeal found Mr Sharland had deliberately hidden information and lied to the court but refused to overturn.
Gina Maria Schumacher, 17, was one of the participants in the NRHA European Futurity Horse Show in Kreuth. She was seen riding a number of different horses as she took part in the 'First Go-Round 2nd Section' of the tournament. The event continues until Saturday evening, when she is expected to take part in grand final. Her brother Mick returned to the racing circuit just weeks after 100mph crash.
Kieron Power's wife had previously been given a £110 ticket for stopping in the same place for 45 seconds. A week after she received the ticket, he went back to gather evidence of police cars parked at the stop. He was stopped in a pincer manoeuvre by police cars after taking pictures of two vehicles parked in bus stand.
Mary Kay Letourneau, 53, and her husband, Vili Fualaau, 31, will talk about their relationship in a tell-all interview with Barbara Walters on '20/20' on Friday. The former Seattle teacher shot to infamy after starting a relationship with her student-turned-lover when he was a 12-year-old sixth-grade student and falling pregnant with his child when she was just 13. After she served a seven-year prison term for the relationship, they married and now have two children together. The couple's two teenage daughters, Audrey and Georgia, will join their parents for the interview.
Geraldine Schultz, 67, died when a tornado struck her home in Fairdale, Illinois, last week. Her husband, Clem, 84, was also killed in the storm, which also killed another woman in her 60s. Photograph taken in 1980 shows her alongside her husband and was found 35 miles away in the town of Harvard .
Audrey Pekin, 19, has detailed the alleged rape and attack she suffered on Christmas Eve in Bali. She says she was attacked by Henry Alafu, a man she had met with other friends a few days earlier. He allegedly lured her to his remote home and raped her on two separate occasions. She tried to escape from him in a taxi as she tried to get away from the city of Kuta. Another man, believed to be a fellow Australian, stepped in to help her and saved her life. He has since fled to Nigeria .
Brianne Altice, 35, was ordered last month to stand trial on 14 felony charges, including rape, sodomy, sexual abuse and sex with a minor, in connection to her suspected affairs with three students. In mid-March, one of the alleged victims brought a $647,000 lawsuit against the Davis County School District in Utah accusing officials of negligence for failing to fire the 'flirtatious' teacher before she started a sexual relationship with him and two other boys in her class.
Fossils of two adults and a child unearthed in the French region of Poitou-Charentes. Similar marks have been seen at other Neanderthal sites showing how our ancestors cut and fractured the bones of their dead relatives. Findings made shortly after death.
Glen Walford has been embroiled in a legal battle with Worcestershire County Council since 2006. Theatre director's mother Mary moved to a care home in Stourport-on-Severn when she was 100. Council agreed house should not be taken into account when means testing was carried out on finances. But in 2013 they reversed their decision and said she would need to start contributing towards bills. Court of Appeal ruled in favour of council, saying house was not her home at the time .
Lee Keeley grabbed the woman and hit her head against a wall before stamping on her head and chest. The 38-year-old defendant chased her round the courtroom and tore out clumps of her hair. He was jailed for two years and given an indefinite restraining order, preventing him from contacting his former partner.
Homes such as these in China are known as 'dingzihu' or 'nail houses' because they stick out and are difficult to remove. One house in Wenling, Zhejiang province, had a main road built around it when the owner refused to move  .
Dawn Williamson, 39, from Scotland, could not even confront a plastic snake without panicking. She would obsessively check her toilet for the reptiles every day. But therapists Nik and Eva Speakman broke down her phobia with their no-nonsense approach. By the end of the show she was able to touch a real-life 9ft Burmese python on her lap .
It works with all Android phones that have the latest Google app installed and when the user is signed into their Google account on Chrome. A map appears as the first result with a message asking the user to sign in again to confirm their identity. The phone's location is then pinpointed and clicking a 'Ring' button beneath the map will remotely call the handset. Google's latest tool can't lock the missing phone, or erase its data.
Model and actress Sulinh Lafontaine has repeatedly said in interviews that she worked as a stunt driver on the set of Furious 7. The 5-foot-5, 95-pound actress told a blogger last week that she raced at speeds reaching 140mph on set. A stunt supervisor on Furious 7 said Lafontain worked as an extra - one of some 1,500 people on the film's set - and that she was an extra .
Andrew Steele, 40, has pleaded not guilty by reason of mental disease in the shooting deaths last August of his wife, 39-year-old Ashlee Steele, and her sister, Kacee Tollefsbol, 38, of Lake Elmo, Minnesota. Dr. Doug Tucker testified that a rambling note Steele wrote about suicide and sexual relations with his wife and sister-in-law is delusional and shows Steele's brain was deteriorating because of ALS. Steele, a former Dane County deputy, was diagnosed with the progressive neurodegenerative disease last June. He wrote a mostly incoherent, stream-of-consciousness letter the day before the murders claiming that he had had had a sexual relationship with the two women .
Buddhist monk Wu Yunqing was preserved wearing a golden cloak and beads in 1998 at Lingquan Temple in Anyang City. Now 17 years on, his facial features and wispy beard are still clearly visible. Self-mummification was a way to preserve body after death.
Only a quarter of voters say it is important to know about leaders' domestic lives, poll finds. Only 25 per cent of voters believe it's important to get to know the wives and children of party leaders. Findings may come as a shock to Ed Miliband, David Cameron and Nick Clegg  .
Roxy Walsh found the ring while snorkelling at Finns Beach Club in Bali on April 7. The ring has what appears to be a family crest and has been engraved with the heartfelt message: 'Darling Joe' .
Jamie Pettingill was ordered to complete 350 hours of community service for stealing six mobile phones. The 26-year-old robbed two women, a man and two schoolboys of their phones and sold them to fund a gambling addiction. Judge Sandra Davis decided against putting him behind bars due to fears his surname would attract unwanted attention. The judge also accepted his crime spree was an 'unsophisticated' act.
Marie Surprenant, from Atlanta, Georgia, was eight-months-old when she was admitted to hospital with 14 fractures, bruises and a spinal cord injury that left her paraplegic. After her biological mother and her boyfriend were arrested, Marie was placed into foster care and later adopted. She wrote an open letter to social workers and detectives thanking them for investigating her case and placing her in a happy home where she is loved .
Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi was wounded by an attack from the US-led coalition in March in Nineveh, Iraq. At first his chances of survival were deemed to be low, but he pulled through. But he was left so weakened that his inner circle reportedly mooted the idea of naming a new leader.
Christopher Flowers, 84, was driving along Chili Avenue, near Route 390, in Rochester on March 9. Dropped a lit cigarette into his shirt, causing several layers of clothing to burst into flames. Windy conditions at the time seemingly fanned the flames so much that they engulfed his entire torso. Good Samaritans pulled over and tried to extinguish the blaze - at first, using their hands, then by hurling him.
Jack Mascitelli, from Victoria, took up the unsavoury dare in broad daylight during schoolies week. The 18-year-old accidentally ran 'screaming and yelling' past a group of police officers. Police found him hiding in a nearby kebab shop and fined him $500 for offensive behaviour.
Female-looking robot, named Aiko Chihira, will only speak Japanese - but she is also capable of sign language. It will offer six-minute guidance to customers with information about the department store including events.
A Philadelphia court heard Thursday that Corry 'Corey' Campbell, 21, was the ringleader of the gang, who have become known as the 'tattoo terrorists' Campbell believed the victim, 53-year-old Greg Valecce, had hurt his cat, Pebbles, and believed he had stolen money and weed. He and his girlfriend Sandra Ng, 19, and Carl Halin, 18, took turns punching, slapping and spitting on him and tied him to a chair. Halin inked swastikas, Stars of David, two variations of the N-word and a penis ejaculating on a rainbow with the words 'Gay Pride' beside it. Another defendant Jennifer Pratt, 40, is awaiting trial .
The House In The Sea sits right on the beach in Newquay and can only be reached by crossing a 90ft-high suspension bridge. Interiors are a luxurious mix of sleek neutrals and modern design with panoramic views.
Ranette Afonso, 42, will marry Marko Conte, 30, this October after they met thanks to a car accident in August 2013. Ranette's 20-year marriage was already coming to an end by the time Marko unexpectedly came into her life. The pair began dating shortly after her marriage ended .
Kyle Seitz, 37, received two years of conditional release, a sentence similar to probation, at the hearing in Danbury Superior Court after his lawyer read aloud a letter written by his wife asking the judge for leniency on his behalf. Authorities say Seitz forgot to take his 15-month-old son, Benjamin, to day care on the morning of July 7, 2014, and left him in the car for seven hours while he went to work. Temperatures that day soared into the upper 80s.
It was bumper-to-bumper all up the I-65 in Louisville for President Obama's visit to tour a technology plant and give a speech about the economy. Jessica Brown was on her way to hospital with her husband, Zakk Satterley, when the couple realized, in standstill traffic, they weren't going to make it. Fortunately there was a nurse also stuck in the gridlock, sitting in her car nearby, who was able to help deliver the little boy safely.
Jesus Salas Aguayo, known as 'The Liquidator', was arrested on Friday by Mexican authorities. The former gun for hire and Jarez Cartel boss was known for his brutal methods of killing rivals. He is linked to over twenty deaths, including the 2009 murder of a state witness in El Paso, a 2010 car-bombing and a massacre.
Cannes director Thierry Fremaux said he could not ban the pictures, but urged celebrities to stop taking them. He said the 'ridiculous and grotesque' pictures slowed the entire event down. Celebrities who will have to watch their selfie-taking include Cate Blanchett and Michael Fassbender   .
Sybil Meister firmly believes her daughter Koral Reef picked up the deadly and mysterious Balamuthia mandrillaris infection during a family trip to Lake Havasu in May 2013. Reef married her high school sweetheart that July and began to show worsening symptoms like headache, fatigue and stiff neck a couple of months later. By October 2014, Reef would be dead from a rare, deadly and incurable infection .
The NASUWT union said indiscipline is a ‘significant problem’, with teachers sworn at, kicked and punched. Last year, staff at eight schools refused to teach pupils who threw chairs, brought fireworks in and threatened to slit other children’s throats .
A new series, Chaos Caught on Camera, premieres on the Science Channel on Monday, April 13. The adrenaline-filled program dispenses with onscreen experts to focus exclusively on the raw footage. Each natural or man-made occurrence is then deconstructed with graphics, illustrating and explaining the incredible facts behind each freak catastrophe or survival. WARNING: GRAPHIC CONTENT.
Dmitry Kaminskiy is a senior partner of Hong Kong-based firm, Deep Knowledge Ventures. He is hoping his million dollar gift will trigger a new group of 'supercenternarians' He says research into stem cells, tissue rejuvenation and regenerative medicine will allow people to live beyond 120 - the 'real absolute limit to human lifespan' .
Temperatures in the South is forecast to reach 24C (75F) today and 25C (77F) tomorrow, surpassing the highest seen so far this year, 21.9C (71.4F) recorded in London on Friday. The delightful weather is caused by warm air blowing up from the Azores, creating conditions we might usually experience in July or August    .
Dr Nadeem Azeez, 52, and fellow anaesthetist Dr Errol Cornish, 67, charged with manslaughter by gross negligence. Frances Cappuccini, 30, died hours after giving birth to her second son Giacomo in October 2012. Maidstone and Tunbridge Wells NHS Trust also accused of corporate manslaughter. First time health trust has been charged with offence since it was introduced in 2008. Mrs Cappucciini and her husband Tom, 35, were persuaded to try natural birth instead.
The telemovie will be shown in countries such as Syria, Iraq and Afghanistan later in the year. The drama will reportedly have a story-line which involves the Australian Navy and asylum seekers drowning at sea. It comes as Prime Minister Tony Abbott stated that only the Coalition would be able to stop asylum seeker boats. Immigration Department would not confirm whether the government will fully fund.
Emerson Decarvalho, 38, charged with assault with a deadly weapon and failing to maintain a three-foot space between his car and the cyclist. Incident occurred in busy Fisherman's Wharf area of San Francisco.
Elizabeth Sedway, 51, from Granite Hill, California, posted an emotional video on her Facebook page Monday showing her family being kicked off a packed plane. The married mother of two, who suffers from multiple myeloma - a rare form of plasma cancer - said she was sitting in the handicapped section of a boarding area at Lihue Airport on Kauai when an Alaska Airlines representative noticed she had put on a surgical mask to shield herself from germs   .
Corey Edwards was diagnosed with a complex congenital heart defect at the age of seven months. The five-year-old has been on the paediatric intensive care unit at Bristol Children's Hospital since January and may not live much longer.
Michelle O'Clee, 39, said her husband of six years had been leading a double life for six years. Andrew O’Clee had secretly moved in with finance manager Philippa Campbell, who lived 40 miles away. He told his first wife he had to leave their home because he was on a witness protection scheme. Michelle said his 'extraordinary lies' were like something from a John Grisham thriller. Last week he was jailed for eight months.
More than 3,400 press officers employed by local councils across the UK. London has at least 425 marketing staff and press officers working across its local authorities. Nearly 45 councils employ 20 or more communications staff each, with Manchester City Council worst offender.
Maria Twomey, 42, of Watford, saw her weight increase while raising her four children. By her 40th birthday she was tipping the scales at 12st 7lb and was wearing size 14 clothes. She slimmed to 8st 7lbs and reduced her body fat percentage from 38% to 15% .
Richard Williams, 54, spent £50,000 turning a canal narrowboat into a replica German Second World War submarine. The Captain Birdseye lookalike was jailed for four years and eight months at Manchester Crown Court. Ex-wife Laurel Howarth, 28, jailed for 20 months for her part in the five-year scam which defrauded HMRC of £1,017,505. Judge: 'This was serious offending. It was carefully thought out, organised and planned'
Shrewsbury and Telford Hospital NHS Trust paid £2,200 to a temporary nurse for one 12-hour shift. The figure equates to £183 an hour and represents double the rate for a neurologist. It also emerged there were 47 agency nurses working at the trust in December last year, it was revealed.
Arman Nejad, 23, dragged the teenager into his house and raped her as she walked to a youth club in 2009. Victim, now 18, went to police in 2010 and was interviewed by officers who then mysteriously dropped the case. Three years later police visited her about a different matter and she asked why rape case was shelved. She asked why and detectives then arrested and charged Nejad with rape in 2013. Greater Manchester Police admitted 'unacceptable delays and failures' allowed the rapist to live as a free man. He was jailed for five years on Friday after being found guilty of raping the girl in Moss Side, Manchester in 2013 .
Footage was taken of a routine skydive in Everöd, Sweden and recorded on the helmet of one of the divers. Remarkably, the camera remains intact despite falling from 10,000ft. It has amassed more than 250,000 views.
Karen Catherall, 45, was viciously beaten and strangled to death by Darren Jeffreys, 47. She had been drinking in the pub with him before he followed her home and attacked her in an alcohol-fuelled rage. Police told her family that she made a 999 call hours before she was killed but call handlers failed to alert police or send help .
Shanna McCormick, 31, from Manchester, weighed nearly 28st when she met her boyfriend of 14 years, Dan Dimmock. Doctors warned the strain of being overweight would kill her if she didn't slim down - and fast. She lost 16.5st in two years and dropped 18 dress sizes so she can now walk down the aisle .
Loose Women panellist said she was 'hounded on Twitter' after airing her views on ITV show. But she now insists she was only referring to people larger than a size 20. 'Of course I don't think we should ban plus-size clothes from shops,' the 34-year-old said on Loose Women. 'I was referring to extreme sizing' Mother-of-two appeared on Good Morning Britain today .
Femail has worked with dietitian Lucy Jones to study snacking habits in the UK. She identified three tribes of snackers: Snack Amnesiacs, Situational Snackers and Super Snackers. Take our quiz to find out what sort of snacker you are and how to change your habits.
Liana Barrientos, 39, of the Bronx, pleaded not guilty on Friday to two felony charges of filing a false instrument, involving marriage licences. She married men from Egypt, Bangladesh, Turkey, Czechoslovakia, Pakistan, Mali and Georgia - countries that were 'red flags' for immigration. One of the men she married was deported back to Pakistan for making threatening statements against the U.S. in 2006 after an investigation by the Joint Terrorism Task Force, it has been revealed.
20 stone flakes and anvils - used to help shape the tools - were found just west of Lake Turkana in Kenya. Discovery could fundamentally change the current view of human evolution as - if correct - the date of the stone tools is 700,000 years older.
Kenneth Morgan Stancil III, 20, shot dead his former work-study supervisor Ron Lane, 44, at Wayne County Community College in Goldsboro, North Carolina on Monday. He was arrested 500 miles away in Daytona Beach, Florida, on Tuesday and will be extradited back to North Carolina to face open murder charge. He appeared relaxed in court and, despite the judge advising him he had the right to remain silent, admitted to the killing. He confessed to the shooting in an obscenity-laced statement, saying he 'ridded one last child molester'
Walter the 22-year-old grey-headed flying fox bat, from Sydney, picked up his bizarre taste after sneaking a slurp out of his owner's cup of Tetley's tea. The bat has been grounded by the debilitating disease .
The photos were shot by Linden Gledhill from Staffordshire, who combines his love of photography with a PhD in biochemistry. The 51-year-old uses a modified microscope and a camera to capture the detail of the butterfly's wing pattern. He uses a trinocular-reflecting light microscope fitted with Neo S-plan objectives, or attachments, and takes the photographs using a Canon camera.
Harriet Harman said grandparents would be allowed to take up to four unpaid weeks off per year. She said the policy would require a change in the law and would help millions of working families. Research suggests 1.9 million grandparents have given up a job to look after grandchildren.
The woman, named only as Gemma, has two children under five by two different fathers. She handed both infants over to her 52-year-old mother Debbie when they were four months old. Now Debbie is threatening to ban Gemma from seeing the children.
Margaret Tyler, 71, and John Loughery, 60, have arrived at the Lindo Wing ahead of the royal birth. Mrs Tyler is an avid collector of royal memorabilia worth more than £10,000. She was also at the hospital for the birth of Prince George and spent six days waiting for him to arrive. Mr LougHery attended every day of the 2008 inquest into the death of Princess Diana in 2008   .
Lalit Verma is said to have launched into a furious assault on a boy named only as Shiva. The stolen items were discovered in the boy's bag at Dwarika Prasad School in Railamau village. He has been charged with homicide.
Amanda Knox and her ex-boyfriend, Raffaele Sollecito were found guilty of the 2007 murder of Meredith Kercher in 2007. The British student was found stabbed four times and her throat slit in what the Italian courts claimed was a sex-game gone wrong. Knox, 27, spent four years in prison and went through three appeals before her conviction was overturned by the Italian Supreme Court in late March. Her biographer, Douglas Preston, says she is suffering from PTSD and is seeking professional help. Preston claims that Knox has been ravaged financially by legal fees, despite receiving a reported $4 million advance .
Alexander Pacteau, 21, charged with murder and attempting to defeat the ends of justice. He made no plea at Glasgow Sheriff Court and was remanded in custody until next week. Miss Buckley's body was found on a farm six miles north of Glasgow.
Charcoal, freekah, spiralizing and bone broth have emerged as the latest healthy eating fads. Each comes with its own promise, with claims of 'melting away fat cells' and 'supercharging the metabolism' .
Justine Miliband said she fell in love with her husband after she was bitten by a Doberman while canvassing . She said she thought he was 'good looking' and 'unattached' when they first met at a dinner party. But he failed to tell her that he was secretly going out with their 'mutual friend' .
Tori Spelling, 41, tripped and fell onto a hot grill at Benihana's Japanese Restaurant in Encino, California on Easter Sunday. She was taken to the Grossman Burn Center at the West Hills Hospital for treatment. Doctors determined she had a severe burn and suggested they remove the damaged skin and graft skin from another area of the body, a source tells Daily Mail Online .
Zoella, 25, and boyfriend Alfie Deyes, 21, have amassed a huge teen following on social media. Jamie Oliver's company says vloggers should be aware of adverts that appear next to their posts. Investigation found that video blogs are being hijacked by junk food ads.
Greg Scott, 51, a basketball coach at Cass High School in Georgia, was diagnosed with leukemia on Monday. Less than 24 hours later, the married father of two succumbed to the deadly disease. For the past eight years, Scott had taught special education and social studies at the school and was the school's head basketball coach. He leaves behind two children.
The 61-year-old Democrat has pleaded not guilty to eight bribery counts related to his close personal friendship with eye surgeon Dr Salomon Melgen, 60. Menendez and Melgen met at a fundraiser in 1993, shortly after Menendez was voted into the Senate. The two quickly became close, with Menendez being invited to fly on Melgen's private jet and visit his villa in the Dominican Republic on several occasions. He allegedly helped Melgen bring at least three mistresses to the U.S.
Muslim Engagement and Development (Mend) said to have boasted they can act as 'kingmakers' Group wants to let British Muslims fight in Syria without fear of prosecution. At least one election candidate said to be offered campaign money in return for back 'Muslim Manifesto' .
Na Chu had just returned from a trip to the zoo when her grandmother locked her in the house by herself. The five-year-old panicked and ran to the window but fell between the protective metal slats. Neighbours rushed to help after her screams.
Siyanda Ngwenya, known as Adams, allegedly attacked female contestant while she was asleep. Pair were last seen on TV kissing and cuddling before going to bed together in Johannesburg house. He reportedly boasted to housemates the next day that he had sex with the woman .
Alessandra Ambrosio, 34, was seen partying at the Coachella festival in California on Sunday. She was suffering 'constant headaches' and was treated at the Ronald Reagan Medical Center in Los Angeles .
Made In Chelsea star's favourite hotel is the Tryall Club in Jamaica's Montego Bay. He also enjoys staying in the odd Travelodge hotel in the capital. The singer says he would rather join Mile High Club than join the Mile High club.
Daily Mirror published pictures of Hatton Garden raiders 21 hours before Met released them. tabloid claims it handed the images to police, who were 'delighted', according to The Sunday Mirror. But detectives insist they already had the CCTV footage, which they claim was recovered 'at earliest opportunity' Former Flying Squad chief John O'Connor says he has 'never heard of anything like this'
Aboriginal Model Management Australia is an exclusively Aboriginal modelling agency. The agency started off with just five models and now has 40 including Samantha Harris and Lauren Feenstra. Founder Kira-Lea Dargin hopes 10 of her girls will join Samantha Harris at next year's fashion week. The Facebook post for the casting call in Brisbane tomorrow has already attracted more than 350 shares and 400 emails of interest .
Ashy Bines is being chased by the tax office over debts due almost 12 months ago. The debts, which were due last May, include income and tax, a fine and $295,955 worth of interest. The case will be heard in a Brisbane court next Friday with Pilot Partners already consenting to be liquidators .
Ben Carr, 22, harboured a burning hatred of Pennie Davis, 47, during her six-year relationship with his father. He ordered fellow drug dealer Justin Robertson, 36, to kill her after she threatened to tell police he sexually assaulted girls. Mrs Davis was stabbed 13 times as she tended her horses in a farm paddock near Beaulieu, Hampshire.
Wanquan Castle in China's northern Hebei province was known as the Ming Dynasty's 'Martial City' The fortress was built in 1393 and was protected by an imposing 12-metre wall. Archaeologists have begun a daunting project to restore it.
The Ironman actor promised to fly a winner and a friend to Los Angeles to join him on the red carpet. His offer also includes a gown or tuxedo fitting and a helicopter ride. It raised money for children's hospice.
The Western Lowland Gorillas were born to mothers Layla and Kumi on January 17 and 19. They have been pictured roaming around the zoo's Congo Gorilla Forest exhibit with their mothers. Keepers don't know the babies' genders yet, and so they haven't been named yet  .
Viktoria's crestfallen reaction as she witnessed sad scene for the first time was captured on camera by her father Barles Charkley. Video has so far garnered more than four million views on his Facebook page .
The film is set after Episode III and before Episode IV, and will be directed by Gareth Edwards of 'Godzilla' fame. Felicity Jones, who recently garnered an Oscar nomination for her role in 'The Theory of Everything' is the only confirmed cast member for the film, which will shoot in London this summer for a December 2016 release. The film is described as an anthology movie adding to the universe.
The Greenwood family stayed at Camping La Chappelle in Argeles-sur-Mer on France's Mediterranean coast. The site has multiple swimming pools, a kids club, swings and a bakery. Families congregated around the pools every afternoon for relief from heat.
Wine experts at Jacob's Creek created a guide to match wine with snacks and light bites. Pairings include Pinot Grigio with nachos and Shiraz Rose with salt and vinegar crisps. Chardonnay goes great with wasabi peas or pittas and hummus and Merlot is the best glass to compliment a box of chocolates.
The collision happened about 3pm on Norfolk Southern Railway tracks near downtown Meridian. The 57-year-old woman's name has not been released until family members have been notified. No one else was in the vehicle at the time .
Luke Brett Moore, 27, was able to overdraw $2.189 million over three years from his St George Bank account. He dipped into the account 48 times and spent the money on a number of expensive items. Moore's haul included a Maserati, an Alfa Romeo, a power boat, a Michael Jackson autograph, a signed photograph of the Top Gear hosts and numerous paintings. He will be sentenced on Friday .
Tom Richards, 25, was arrested yesterday morning in his home city of Swansea . He was held in a cell for 11 hours before being bailed at 7pm as police continue their investigation . Comes after Danniella Westbrook, 41, accused her younger former boyfriend of violence online . She was seen last month with a black-eye  .
Google is said to be in talks with Hutchison Whampoa to let its users make calls and send texts in any country at no extra cost. Industry sources said the firms are discussing a 'wholesale access agreement' that would help Google create a global network. Customers would then be able to use this global network to make calls, send texts and use data as part of their plan, regardless of where in the world they are. Three already offers a similar scheme called Feel at Home.
Victim was walking in subway underneath road in Newbury, Berkshire, when two boys approached him. They sprayed him in highly flammable WD40 before threatening to set him alight with a lighter. Police are now hunting the pair following their threats in broad daylight.
The video was shot by Australian tourist Dirk Nienaber in Bali, Indonesia. It shows a monkey interacting with a tour guide who squirts water at it from a water bottle.
Johnny Manziel was spotted at a Texas Rangers game Tuesday night for the first time since being released from rehab. The Cleveland Browns quarterback was joined by his girlfriend Colleen Crowley and sipped water throughout the night. Manziel checked into a facility on January 28 after stating that he wanted to 'be a better family member, friend and teammate' This after his partying had been a topic of conversation since his rookie season began last July, with some worried his drinking was a priority. The aqthlete was in treatment for roughly six weeks before being released last month .
Paul Monk, 54, from Essex, was wanted by Spanish police for questioning over the kidnap and murder of Francis Brennan. His badly decomposed body washed up on a Costa Blanca beach in March last year. He was also wanted by the Metropolitan Police on drug offences. Monk was detained at a four-bedroom property in Javea near Alicante as he directed workers .
Felicity Waterford was waiting for her daughter at the Sydney Conservatorium of Music when she saw John Howard's car had a flat tyre. The former PM was photographed standing on the side of the road in Sydney with his driver changing the tyre. It comes just weeks after Liberal MP Christopher Pyne was challenged to change a tyre on national television. The Education Minister jacked up Today Show newsreader Sylvia Jeffrey's car after being tested by host Karl Stefanovic .
Cuomo is heading a delegation of 18 academics and business leaders visiting the island in the wake of the December announcement that the US and Cuba would restore diplomatic relations. Ten previous U.S. governors have visited Cuba since 1999 but none since 2010, according to officials.
Fulton County Judge Jerry Baxter urged the defendants during the sentencing hearing on Monday to accept deals with the prosecution in the trial over a widespread conspiracy to cheat on state tests. He also threatened prison sentences for them if they fail to reach those deals. If the convicted educators accept deals, they would be required to apologize and waive their right to appeal. The sentencing will resume on Tuesday.
Ukip leader met Hungarian Ivan Loncsarevity at a hinge factory in Clacton, Essex. The 62-year-old has lived in Colchester for five years after travelling to UK for work. He could not answer any of Farage's questions as he does not speak.
Kevin Carr set off from Haytor on Dartmoor in July 2013 and has completed 16,300 miles in 621 days. Every day since then he has completed on average one and a quarter marathons a day. The 35-year-old is just 24 hours away from returning to his starting point in Devon .
Tourist David Meadwell recorded the incident outside Buckingham Palace on Thursday afternoon. Unnamed soldier lost his footing and slid sideways, knocking his bearskin on the side of the box and dropping his rifle as he fell .
The 61-year-old actor believes the church is targeted 'because it's not understood' He insists: 'I've loved every minute of it' despite allegations he has been blackmailed to remain in the congregation. The actor spoke out in an interview to promote his new movie The Forger. He urged critics to 'take time and read a book' about Scientology.
Filmmaker Michael König from Cologne, Germany has created an amazing video showing solar activity. It was made by stitching together footage from Nasa's Solar Dynamics Observatory over five years. The movie, called Sun, shows plasma raining down on the sun, an extreme solar eruption and even a comet breezing through the sun’s atmosphere. Highlights of the video include large, bright tendrils extending outward from the sun's surface and occasionally crashing down again - known as solar prominences - as well as magnetic fields .
Some 27 million 5.56mm rounds were fired from either the standard SA-80 assault rifle or minimi machine gun. Two million 9mm rounds fired from handguns and 55,000 rounds from Apache gunships. Conflict claimed 453 UK lives during conflict.
Environmental health were called to The Sutton Arms, in Elton, Stockton last year. Two dozen people suffered gastroenteritis after eating at the pub on Easter Sunday. Owner Michael Alan Flegg, 68, pleaded guilty to nine food hygiene offences. He is due to be sentenced at Teesside Magistrates' Court.
Researchers in the US examined the effects of sweetened drinks on 19 women aged between 18 and 40. Half the group were given sugary drinks at breakfast, lunch and dinner over 12 days. The other half had drinks made with artificial sweetener.
Ellia Beasley, 22, had the line 'scream your heart out' written across her belly in 2012. But she lived to regret the decision after singer Ian Watkins was jailed for child sex offences. Ellia, from New Milton, Hampshire, now has more than 20 tattoos including a giant owl design .
Lord Macdonald QC, who was DPP from 2003 to 2008, said local CPS lawyers failed to pass new evidence to him. He said it is 'a matter of great regret' he was not informed of the existence of the case in 2007. Janner, now 86, escaped prosecution for eight years until the CPS said he is unfit to stand trial. He attended the House of Lords almost daily and claimed £100,000 in expenses in four years after diagnosis. Nine alleged victims will never have chance to have claims tested in court.
Jihadists are shown smashing shrines and statues in the 2,000-year-old city of Hatra, Iraq. Militants are also recorded chipping away at the bases of some of the larger wall sculptures . They are also filmed firing AK-47 rifles at relics in the UNESCO heritage site in the city while eerie music plays .
Lane Bryant's new I'm No Angel ad campaign shows plus-size models looking sexy in lingerie. Writer Amanda Dobbins says the ads don't show women of all sizes, but rather a subset of overweight women of different proportions.
Sergeant Dan Urman's father Eitan and his wife Ronit were invited to drop the puck before the Arizona Coyotes game against the Anaheim Ducks on Saturday. The National Hockey League organization said they had won the puck drop because they have been season ticket holders for nearly 20 years. When they were told a special guest would bring out the puck for them, their son Dan ran out on to the ice  .
The Amsterdam Falafel Shop in Washington DC, US, is the first restaurant in the country with a menu that matches cannabis to food. It is strictly a take-away operation  .
Joel Parker, 33, was about to get off the Sunshine Bus in St Johns County on Wednesday when he asked the driver if he would like a Snickers bar. When the driver declined the offering, Parker threw the candy bar at his head instead, police said .
The maker of Clorox bleach and other products says it was attempting a humorous reference to other emoji symbols for objects like toilets and bathtubs that people use bleach to clean. But the corporate Twitter post hit a nerve when news reports and online discussions were focusing on the new collection of racially diverse faces that have been added to the symbols people can use in emails and text messages  .
Joseph T. Brennan Jr. of Norwell, Massachusetts was found with a home full of bomb-making materials. Police searched the home after an incident on Saturday night where Brennan blew up his car while smoking a cigarette near gun powder. 'I’m an idiot. I lit a cigarette with the gunpowder in the front seat,' Brennan said in the police report. In addition to Brennan's home, the condo of Benjamin Young in Hingham was also found to be full of bombs-making devices. No members of the public were ever in danger.
Joanne Whitehouse, 44, applied for her daughter Alice to go to St John Fisher's RC Primary School in Middleton. Her sons Joel, nine, Harri, seven, and Ollie, six, already attend the school. She believed there would be 'no issue' with her daughter gaining a place at the same school. But she was left 'devastated' when she found out Alice will attend a different school.
The concept of a homestay holiday is that rather than renting an empty house or apartment, you stay at a reasonable cost in the home of your hosts. Homestay.com lists options for single people, couples and families in cities, established holiday areas or farther away.
The Wrinkle Preventing Pillowcase has 'a blend of hydrophobic fibres that help skin retain moisture' The $40 (£26) cloth cover is said to hydrate the face and prevent wrinkles.
Dias Costa, 49, slashed the face, arms, and necks of the raiders, who fled in a getaway car. The burglary took place late at night in the Cerro Norte neighbourhood of Cordoba, in central Argentina  .
Lindsey Vonn appeared tense as she watched Tiger Woods struggle to get back into form on the first day of the Masters in Augusta, Georgia, on Thursday. The Olympic gold medalist has had two major knee surgeries in the last few years. Vonn's sympathy should come as no surprise  .
MailOnline Travel guides you through the decades to find the best rentals from each era. From the 1950s to the 1990s, Airbnb rentals cater to interior decor of all tastes. Scroll through the gallery for more options.
Huw Thomas suggested on an online forum in 2006 that England flags were for a 'simpleton' or a 'casual racist' Labour candidate in Ceredigion, West Wales, made the comments during the 2006 World Cup. Mr Thomas said he made comments as 'a young student' and he no longer holds those views.
Each year, 300,000 people come to Salzburg to visit the locations of the film. Three-quarters of all tourists head to the city, where much of the movie was shot, in Austria .
The scene portrayed a teenager testifying in court during the trial of Janet Johnson-Luna. The 16-year-old told the court the affair lasted five 'glorious weeks' and he instigated it to gain extra credit. An attorney, portrayed by host Taraji P. Henson, asks the boy to pick out the teacher and he points to her looking 'fine'
The former secretary of state will hold her first low-key campaign event at Kirkwood Community College's regional center in Jones County, Iowa on Tuesday. Of the ten students interviewed in the school's public lounge, only two would speak kindly of Mrs. Clinton. 'She's going to push some emotional thing on us,' predicted Hallie Corum, 'What else is she supposed to do?' Corey Jones, a graphic design student, said he plans to ask Hillary about illegal immigration reform because it would result in a new generation of grateful Democratic voters. Three students said they didn't have an opinion about the Democratic front-runner.
Jack Andraka's short life has been packed with incident, but there was little in his background to suggest that he would become a teenage celebrity. At school, Jack won prizes for science projects, but was ostracised as a geek. He was bullied when he came out as gay, and made an unsuccessful suicide attempt .
Eight members of the same family - seven of them children between ages six and 16 - were found dead from carbon monoxide poisoning in their Princess Anne, Maryland, home Monday afternoon. Relatives have identified the adult victim as Rodney Todd Sr, 36, the father of seven children, including five girls and two boys . Police said no foul play was suspected in the deaths, which took place in Princess Anne - a community of 3,260 in Somerset County, Maryland . The children's mother and stepfather identified the children as boys Cameron Todd, 13, and Zycheim Todd, 7, and girls Tynijuiza Todd, 15.
Jack Rowe was found face down in his family's swimming pool in Upavon, Wiltshire, last July. The toddler had been trying to reach a toy when he fell into the water, an inquest heard . Coroner ruled his death accidental after hearing how he 'never went near' the pool, according to relatives .
State pensions would be increased by more than £60 a week, child benefit doubled and tuition fees scrapped. Party also pledged to pump an extra £12billion a year into the NHS and nationalise the railways. But its election manifesto also revealed a host of left-field pledges including a ban on horse racing.
Max is a fully grown husky-corgi cross who has been abandoned and is looking for a home. The 18.5in husky cross has become a favourite with workers at the Dogs Trust in Basildon, Essex.
The 20-month-old is cast as a blinged-up rascal with a tattoo on his arm. Teasers for the ITV programme show the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge worrying that their son has turned out a little 'common' Newzoids starts tonight at 9pm.
Lisa and James Tuttle moved to rural village of Geldeston in Norfolk in 2005. Their first dog Ruby kept escaping from their garden and was re-homed. The family got two more dogs, Lily and Bella, in 2013 and 2014. But the three dogs started following in Ruby's footsteps and repeatedly escaped onto farmer's land. WARNING: GRAPH.
Chris Roberts, a computer security researcher, attempted to board a United flight from Colorado to San Francisco to give a talk at a major security conference this week. He was stopped by the airline's corporate security at the gate. Roberts founded One World Labs, which tries to discover security risks before they are exploited. He had been removed from a flight on Wednesday by the FBI after jokingly suggesting on Twitter he could get the oxygen masks on the plane to deploy .
A video posted on social media site Vine shows three police officers challenging a college student to a game of Rock Paper Scissors. One of the officers chose 'scissors' as his option, thereby claiming a victory. The clip has been viewed more than 500,000 times since being posted.
Robert Gentile, 78, appeared in federal court in Hartford, Connecticut, on Friday and was charged with selling a firearm to an undercover agent. His attorney Ryan McGuigan said the arrest was a ruse to pressure Gentile to talk about the $500million art heist from 1990. Gentile has denied any knowledge of the heist and the missing masterpieces have never been found .
One in ten of us will develop a kidney stone, and the numbers are rising dramatically. Emergency admissions to hospital for kidney stones have shot up during the past decade by 136 per cent  .
Labour received £1.9million in the week to April 5, with 84 per cent coming from three trade unions. It included a £1million cheque from Unite, entrenching Labour's reliance on the union's militant boss Len McCluskey.
Emma Walker, 15, from Blaby, Leicestershire, became obsessed with achieving the 'perfect body' Within months her weight had plummeted to five-and-a-half stone as the eating disorder took hold. She was admitted to hospital twice and faced rigorous counselling sessions. Today, weighing a healthier eight stone, the teenager is sharing her story to help others. Her mother Kim Waddington, 46, said it was devastating watching her daughter face her 'horrific' ordeal  .
The Boeing 787 Dreamliner has been decorated to look like R2-D2. The cockpit and front half of the white fuselage are painted with blue panels. The words 'Star Wars' adorn the body of the plane behind the wing.
Madalina Neagu, 42, arrived at a hospital in Romania with severe pain in her abdomen. She told doctors she believed she was in labour and they were prepared to operate to deliver the child. But tests revealed she was actually carrying an 11lb (5kg) tumour inside her uterus .
Rodney Stover, 48, was arraigned on Thursday for rape, predatory sex assault and other charges for last Saturday's attack in the bathroom at the Turnmill Bar on East 27th Street. He allegedly grabbed the victim, a Long Island student, by the throat, forced her into a stall and attacked her before fleeing the bar. Stover was arrested on rape charges in 1992 in Southampton for raping and sodomizing a 42-year-old stranger after overpowering and threatening her with a sharp object.
Policewoman Cao Yu, 22, was stabbed in the shoulder and hand by a machete-wielding thug in a public square in China. The unarmed policewoman is now recovering in hospital after the terrifying incident in Guizhou province.
Thief entered a branch of Lloyds bank in New Milton, Hampshire, before threatening cashier staff. The man, whose face and hands were heavily swathed in bandages, then fled with cash.
Kelley Jo Snyder, 34, was last seen alive on Easter Sunday when she told her family she was going to buy sweet potatoes. Her body was found in a river near to their home on Saturday. Husband William Snyder has been charged with abuse of a corpse and evidence-tampering in connection with her death .
Nic Newling struggled through the confusing highs and depressing lows of an undiagnosed bipolar disorder between the ages of 13 and 18. It was the unexpected and tragic death of his older, teenage brother Christopher, who killed himself amidst his own battle with mental illnesses, which helped put his life back into perspective. Now, the 28-year-old is using his story of loss and confusion - in which he moved between doctors and psychiatric wards and was fed various concoctions of prescriptive medication before finally being diagnosed with bipolar disorder - to raise awareness .
Byron Schlenker's tongue is the same width as a beer mat and 2cm wider than an iPhone 6. His daughter Emily, 14, is not far behind at 7.3cm and hold's the record for the widest female tongue while her father has men.
Five-year-old Ashya King was taken from Southampton General Hospital by his parents last August. Police spent £12,712.97 in overtime and £1406 on flights and £800 on hiring experts. Grandmother Patricia King, 77, said: 'It's disgusting to spend all that money when there's crime going on'  .
Gaioz Nigalidze, the current Georgian champion, was expelled from the Dubai Open Chess tournament. Tournament organisers found he had stored a mobile phone in a cubicle, covered in toilet paper. He faces a maximum 15-year ban.
Gordon Jack, 47, was taken to hospital when emergency services were called to Dunblane Cathedral. He was found unconscious and taken to Forth Valley Hospital, in Larbert, near Falkirk, where he died this afternoon. Murray married long-term girlfriend Kim Sears at the 12th Century cathedral today  .
Jim Ratcliffe, founder and chairman of chemical company Ineos, has applied to demolish an existing beach hut and replace it with a 'carbon neutral' mansion. The 62-year-old businessman claims the new house, if built, will be his only UK residence.
The Lowenbrau Keller, in Sydney's The Rocks, has released a social media and bus campaign featuring the slogan 'Wunderbra' underneath a photograph of a woman in a low-cut lederhosen holding a tray of beer steins. The same campaign also features an image of two women in a similar state of dress with the caption 'Make Mein A Dubbel', sparking outrage from Collective Shout, who claim the advertisements reinforce sexual objectification.   .
Just four in 10 renters aged 20 to 45 are saving for a deposit to buy a home, research shows. Three-quarters of UK renters also fear they will never be able to afford to buy their own house. This rises to eight in 10 for Londoners, where house prices have risen by double-digits.
Ryan Giroux, 41, has pleaded not guilty to killing one person and wounding five others. He is accused of shooting three people in a Phoenix motel, killing a man and injuring two women. Another man was shot while working at a nearby restaurant, and two more at separate apartment complexes. He will now stand trial .
Matheryn Naovaratpong, from Thailand, is thought to be the youngest person ever cryogenically preserved. The toddler was diagnosed with an aggressive form of brain cancer last April. She died on January 8th this year after losing 80 per cent of the left side of her brain to the disease .
In its heyday, Kejonuma Leisure Land, in Tohoku, Japan, attracted hundreds of thousands of visitors. The once-bustling family-friendly attraction closed its doors in 2000 due to a drop in visitors, attributed to Japan's low birth rate and economic collapse.
Cook County Judge Dennis Porter cleared Officer Dante Servin in the March 2012 shooting death of Rekia Boyd. The 22-year-old was shot in the back of the head as she stood with friends in Chicago's Lawndale neighbourhood. The judge told loved ones to leave the court before the verdict was read out - fearing an emotionally-charged response. Servin, who was off-duty, was cleared of reckless discharge of a firearm and reckless conduct  .
Skopelos has a relaxed, offbeat vibe that plays out in the pretty port of Chora. The island is known as the film location for Mamma Mia! and has one of the most scenic ports.
Teresa Sheldon, 38, from Dartford, Kent, has appeared in court charged with murdering her son Tommy. Tommy died two weeks after suffering horrendous burns in the fireball on a country lane in Hursley, near Winchester in Hampshire. Another child managed to escape.
Kaylie Milliken is the filmmaker behind Billion Dollar Bully, an ongoing documentary focused on Yelp's impact on small businesses. She says Yelp's advertising structure appears to punish businesses that choose not to advertise on the site. The company has vigorously denied the claims in the film. Last month, Milliken released a trailer for the film in an attempt to fund the rest of the film's production. The day after the trailer was released, Yelp stock dipped four per cent and the company issued a statement to Business Insider.
Authorities in Florida are searching for two men suspected of taking part in a gang rape of a 19-year-old unconscious girl at the Spinnaker Beach Club in Panama City, Florida last month. The Bay County Sheriff's Office has released a video showing hundreds of spring break revelers looking on as a group of men allegedly sexually assaulted the girl. The video allegedly shows hundreds of people gathered around the girl as the men violate her while she lays on a chair. Delonte Martistee, 22, of Bainbridge, Georgia, and Ryan Calhoun, 23, of Mobile, Alabama, were arrested last week and charged with sexual battery for the incident believed to have occurred between March 10 and 12.
Patties Foods says its testing has found no link between its Nanna's brand frozen mixed berries and hepatitis A outbreak. The health department continues to investigate how 34 people in six states contracted hepatitis A virus. Four adults, three in Victoria and one in NSW, have contracted potentially deadly Hepatitis A after condsuming berries.
The new craze is popular among teens desperate to emulate Kylie Jenner's bee-stung pout. Participants place their mouth over the opening of a cup, jar or other narrow vessel and suck in until the air vacuum causes their lips to swell up and swell .
The US State Department said the bombing in Ainkawa, near Kurdish regional capital Arbil, did not kill or wound any consular employees. An ISIS-spearheaded offensive overran large areas of Iraq last year and forces from the Kurdistan region have battled the jihadists on multiple fronts in the north.
Dr Oz, 54, is the vice chairman and professor of surgery at Columbia's College of Physicians and Surgeons. The Harvard-educated doctor joined the faculty at Columbia in 1993. The doctors sent the letter to Lee Goldman, the dean of Columbia's Faculties of Health Sciences and Medicine. Dr Henry Miller of California's Stanford University led the effort and he was the first person to sign the letter .
Riley Filmer, 14, has been prevented from attending classes at McClelland College, in Melbourne's south-east. The Year Eight student was told that her black soft-leather lace-ups did not meet uniform standards. The school's policy states that girls are to wear 'black leather lace-up school shoes (not fashion heels)' Riley has not been allowed back into classes since the incident .
Phynova Joint and Muscle Relief contains sigesbeckia, a herb traditionally used to treat aches and pains caused by arthritis. It is the first time the Government's drug regulator has approved a traditional Chinese herb .
Two-thirds of new UK fathers are now over 30. Older fathers are thought to be at higher risk of having children with autism and schizophrenia. Research suggests older fathers can also affect baby's health and health.
About $70,000 worth of bull semen was stolen from a farm in southern Minnesota. A $500 canister with vials of semen worth between $300 and $1,500 each was taken from an unlocked barn. The theft happened sometime between April 1 and April 7 .
Moya Gerber and her sister Rone Odendaal were travelling through Kruger National Park, South Africa. They spotted a struggle between two lions and a buffalo in the park and stopped to photograph it. The buffalo managed to escape the lions' clutches, but then ran straight for the road instead. It caused £11,000 worth of damage to their van .
Mark Gentle, from Farmington, Maine, found his son Carter sobbing because he thought that the scar from his fifth open-heart surgery - an emergency procedure to repair his pacemaker - was 'ugly' The father-of-three posted a photo of the boy's scars to his Facebook account in the hopes of generating some wider support and, in turn boost Carter's confidence. The picture has received thousands of likes.
Joseph Koetters, a former English Teacher at Marlborough School in Los Angeles, is being sued by an unnamed 30-year-old former student. The lawsuit alleges that he took part in a yearlong sexual relationship with a 16-year old student in the 2000-2001 school year. The unnamed woman who filed the civil lawsuit is the same one mentioned in the criminal case. Koetter was arrested in February and charged with two counts of sexual abuse .
John Oliver flew to Moscow to grill Edward Snowden about the leaking of 'harmful' documents. The fugitive admitted only 'evaluating' the files stolen from GCHQ and the US National Security Agency. He also admitted there had been a 'f***-up' when newspapers failed to redact sensitive details exposing operations against Al Qaeda   .
The driver, Sam Smith, begins filming with the tornado just a few hundred yards in front of him. It then passes right in front. of his truck - while Mr Smith spoke to his son on the phone - while he spoke to him.
Britain’s biggest grocer operated a multimillion-pound fleet of five aircraft for its bosses. Four have been sold and the final one, a Hawker 800, will be gone by the end of next month   .
SamSam Holtz, a 12-year-old sixth grader from Lake Zurich, Illinois, beat out 11.5million entries to win the annual ESPN Tournament Challenge on Monday. He should now be eligible for the $30,000 grand prize of a $20,000 Best Buy gift card and an all-inclusive trip to the Maui Jim Maui Invitational college basketball tournament in Hawaii this November, but would have to be 18-years-old to qualify. Sam says he is 'pretty irritated' that ESPN won't compensate him .
Mark Carney was spotted jogging in London’s Hyde Park sporting a high-tech running belt with no fewer than four water bottles. The keen runner, who is training for the London Marathon later this month, was wearing headphones .
Langkawi is an archipelago of 104 islands in the Andaman Sea, 20 miles off the coast of Malaysia. In 2007 it was given World Geopark status by Unesco. The Datai Hotel and Resort was created in 1990.
Ayan Ali, 21, was caught with over $500,000 in her carry-on bag at Islamabad airport on March 14. Charged with attempting to illegally transport more than the legal $10,000 cash limit out of the country. Last seen in public wearing an 'uncharacteristic' black burka outside court outside Rawalpindi prison. Lawyers claim she is being targeted because of her celebrity status in Pakistan .
Denise Van Outen is the latest big name to sign up for EastEnders. Sarah Harding and Bonnie Langford have also signed up for the soap . Patsy Kensit and Dan Dyer are among the other stars who have turned their hand to acting   .
Crisis in A&E has led some to blame a lack of available GP appointments for people heading to emergency departments. Weekend opening hours for GPs touted as one solution to relieve mounting pressure on departments. David Cameron has promised to introduce seven-day access to GP services. Ed Miliband has vowed to introduce a 48-hour target.
Gaston Pinsard, 96, jailed for 18 months for historic sexual abuse of two young girls in Guernsey. Father-of-four first targeted the girls when they were just five-years-old more than 50 years ago . He was born in 1919 and claimed he was abused at a Jersey children's home .
Michael Slager, 33, is being kept in isolation and can not walk down a hall in Charleston County Jail without the entire cell block being cleared first. But on Friday, his wife Jamie, who is eight-and-a-half months pregnant, and his mother Karen Sharpe were allowed to speak to him. On Tuesday, Slager was charged with murder after opening fire on 50-year-old Scott last weekend after stopping him over a broken tail light .
The positions will be based at its Redmond campus in Washington. Program will be run in partnership with Specialisterne, a Danish nonprofit that helps train people with autism for careers in IT. Microsoft is now focusing on diversity in its workforce.
Christopher Annan, 24, and Tyrone Wright, 20, took part in gun attack on Tottenham Turks gang member Inan Eren. The 35-year-old was ambushed as he arrived home on the evening of 30 December 2012. Jamie Marsh-Smith, 23, was jailed for 38 years in July last year for the attack on Mr Eren, the murder of crime boss Zafer Eren and botched murder attempt.
Yulia Simonova, 52, wanted to hire a hitman to kill Damian Vanya, 15, after he dumped her for a classmate. Police set up a sting operation, sending an undercover officer to pose as a 'hitman' to a meeting with her. Secret camera filmed the exchange, where Simonova said she wanted the boy to bleed to death .
Mark Lippert, 42, suffered deep gashes to his cheek and hand when he was assaulted by knife-wielding nationalist Kim Ki-Jong. The envoy required 80 stitches to the wound on his face and two-and-a-half hours of surgery. He is now wearing a dynamic exoskeletal brace on his hand while he recovers from attack.
Scientists at the Shadow Robot Company spent almost 18 years developing the hands. They are each governed by 24 motors, 26 micro-controllers and 129 sensors. They can chop, stir, whisk and baste well enough to recreate almost anything you would care to eat. The £10,000 ($14,000) device will be sold from as part of a purpose-built high-tech kitchen which includes an oven, hob, dishwasher and sink.
Princess Eugenie, 25, was seen texting on her mobile as she shopped in New York. Wore a black bowler hat, black leather top and black and cream miniskirt from Topshop .
Tory London Mayor warns against allowing SNP to dominate the government of the UK. He likened it to 'asking a fox to look after the henhouse or a temperance campaigner to run a brewery' SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon launched her manifesto today, boasting she can 'lead the UK'  .
Four children were playing in and around a parked minivan Saturday evening at the Arcadia Palms apartment complex in Las Vegas. One of the children unintentionally set a fire inside the minivan. Two children managed to escape unharmed but the other two were found dead inside the vehicle .
Lauren Halliday and Steven Smith feared they would have to get married in their jeans after they were evacuated from Randolph Hotel. Eighty guests fled the fire at the 119-bedroom hotel, which featured in TV’s Inspector Morse. No one was hurt in the blaze on Friday .
Sisonke Msimang, 41, moved to Australia with her husband and children in the last few months. She said she's been faced with the realisation that 'deepest and most abiding forms of racism' in Australia are directed toward our own indigenous population. She slammed Prime Minster Tony Abbott for his 'out of touch' comments that Australia could no longer subsidize.
Hillary Clinton’s now-famous Scooby Doo van made an appearance in Council Bluffs, Iowa on Thursday for a closed-door meeting with state Democratic Party officials. Secret Service agents are technically federal law enforcement officers, so there was no chance of a parking ticket, even if Scooby was left.
Game of Thrones star Kit Harington said Belfast is 'wonderful for two or three days' on late-night chat show. He said he has spent five years filming in the city and called it 'the most depressing TV show in history' Belfast is a principal filming location for Game of Thrones .
Laura Scurr, 15, from Whitley Bay, North Tyneside, developed anorexia when she was just 13 years old. She would hide food down the side of her bed and eat just one piece of fruit a day. Her dramatic weight loss led to horrific consequences when she collapsed and was rushed to hospital. She was put on a heart monitor and spent a week in intensive care. Laura has now spoken out about the pressures on young girls to be a 'size zero'  .
Ambra Battilana, 22, told police Weinstein groped her during a 'business meeting' at his office on March 27. Manhattan District Attorney's office investigated the Italian model's claim, but has decided not to prosecute Weinstein. Weinstein could have faced misdemeanor charges of forcible touching or sexual abuse.
ASIO contacted the families of some of the would-be killers and cautioned them the men were becoming radicalised. The family of one suspect said they were last year told to stop their son communicating with the extremist recruiter, who groomed Melbourne terrorist Numan Haider. Sevdet Ramadan Besim, 18, from Hallam in Melbourne's south-east, was charged with 'conspiracy to commit acts done in preparation for, or planning, terrorist acts' He did not apply for bail and was remanded in custody for a filing hearing on April 24 at Melbourne Magistrates Court.
The 20lb lamb was born after a three-hour labour at a farm in Leicestershire. He is twice the weight of all his brothers and sisters born before him, all weighing 8-10lbs. Farm hopes to keep him as a breeding ram.
Vladimir Putin gave the go-ahead for the deal, with the defence ministry saying it was ready to supply the S-300 missile equipment. The move is likely to anger both the U.S. and Israel at a time of heightened tensions.
Nathan Dailo, from Sydney, shows how to get his three-month-old son Seth to drift off in 42 seconds. The clip has received almost 26,000 views since being uploaded two weeks ago.
The long-necked dinosaur was one of the largest animals to ever walk the Earth. But for more than a century scientists believed the creature was originally misnamed. Instead of belonging to the genus, or species 'family' Brontosaurus, they said it should in fact have been classified as 'Apatosaurus' Now new research has shown that it is sufficiently different from Apatosaurus to deserve its own genus name. Scientists looked at 477 anatomical features across 81 individual dinosaurs.
David Cameron and Nick Clegg superimposed over Christopher Steed and Stephen Webb from Gogglebox. Labour leader Ed Miliband superimposed as London rapper Plan B, issuing a call to 'come at me bruv' Other images show Scottish National Party leader Nicola Sturgeon and Ukip's Nigel Farage. The images were posted under the hashtag #WhereAreCleggAndCameron.
Olaparib can delay the moment when the disease gets dangerously out of control. Drug already works for women with cancer fuelled by BRCA gene mutations. 16 out of 49 men with advanced prostate cancer responded to the drug, also known as Lynparza.
Malcolm Brabant, 59, had the jab in preparation for an assignment in the Ivory Coast. Within 24 hours he was reduced to a sweating, shivering wreck, gripped by a fever. He spent two years in and out of mental institutions, unable to work .
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, 21, was convicted last week of planting. two homemade bombs at the crowded finish line of the world. famous marathon in 2013, killing three people and injuring 264. others. The same jury that convicted Tsarnaev will hear testimony on. whether he should be sentenced to death or life in prison for. his crimes, starting next Tuesday, the day after the 2015 marathon.
Jordan Speith is in prime position to win the Masters, taking a four shot lead into the final round at Augusta. The 21-year-old has set a scoring record for 54 holes of 16 under par. Some of his American rivals, such as Tiger Woods, have slipped down the leaderboard. But others, including Dustin Johnson and Phil Mickelson are still posing a threat. Spieth is playing with British contender Justin Rose in the final pairing .
Before last year's historic vote, Scottish nationalists insisted it was a once-in-a-generation chance. But Ms Sturgeon today refused to rule out demanding a re-run within the next five years. In September's vote, 55 per cent of Scots backed independence.
Corporation bosses fear they could be losing younger viewers who are watching online. They are promoting digital services in a bid to tackle the problem. But the revelation could spark controversy over the future of the licence fee. Viewers are currently able to use the BBC's online services without paying.
The Queen, 88, enjoyed a ride on her Fell pony, Carltonlima Emma, in the spring sunshine. She has ridden less in recent years due to a niggling knee injury. Her Majesty is an enthusiastic equestrienne and breeds Fell ponies.
Buzzfeed found U.S. Census records and Selective Service documents – draft cards – that establish that three of the former secretary of state's grandparents were born in America. That clashes with what Clinton herself has claimed publicly, including Wednesday afternoon in Norwalk, Iowa. Clinton claimed on Wednesday that all of her grandparents 'came over' from other countries, but in fact only one was born outside the US   .
Edward Snowden is being ‘exploited’ under a deal he made with the Russians to guarantee him asylum. Andrei Soldatov said Snowden may have been told not to speak out on Russian surveillance. But he may continue attacking America in order to save himself from jail in the US, he said.
Hodor, a character in Game of Thrones, earned his name because he says only the word 'Hodor' over and over again. He may have expressive aphasia, according to Jordan Lewis, of Penn State Medical School. The condition is caused by tissue damage to the brain.
Former Top Gear presenter made comments at charity auction in Chipping Norton, Cotswolds. He said: 'In the olden days when I used to work for BBC, I couldn't say s*** - but I am not, so I will'
HBO's hit series, Game of Thrones, is set to return with its much-anticipated fifth series this summer. Most of the upcoming series was shot in southern Spain, which stands in for the world of Dorne on the imaginary continent of Westeros. Travel service Zicasso offers luxury tour.
Pierre Fulton was in the passenger seat when Officer Michael Slager pulled them over for a broken tail light. When Scott fled, Fulton and another officer stood by the Mercedes watching in shock as Slager chased him into a park and shot him dead. Fulton's attorney has released a statement saying: 'I'll never know why he ran, but I know he didn't deserve to die' His words came as audio surfaced of Officer Slager laughing and admitting to experiencing a rush of adrenaline in the minutes following the deadly shooting .
Ellie Grant, 22, was appearing on ITV's This Morning to discuss how she suddenly developed Tourette's. She was discussing how she found love with fiance Jordan - who is deaf and switches off his hearing aid. But she suddenly suffered a verbal tic - and blurted out 'silver fox'
Kylie Jenner, 17, wore a McQ Alexander McQueen black mesh dress to Coachella. Her style is by far the most revealing of all of the Kardashian-Jenner family. Recently hinted that she had her nipples pierced in a Snapchat post.
52 celluloid negatives show the great British adventurer and his men heading off in the snow-covered wilderness. Some of the pictures show the herd of ponies the team used to haul the equipment-laden sledges. Another captures the team of husky dogs used .
The baby-faced boy from Memphis, Tennessee, regularly posts pictures with guns, cash, and bags of marijuana. Tweets include the phrases, 'I need a bad b****', 'f*** da police', and 'gang sh** n****' Some of his pictures feature sexual references, such as 'quit suckin my d***' .
Students at Wellington College, Berkshire, spent a year studying a different classic book for AS-level exam. The blunder only came to light when mock papers arrived and no exam questions related to the text were asked. The school, which charges £33,000-a-year, has apologised and launched an investigation .
The caves are found near the Mutnovsky volcano, 45 miles (72km) south of the regional capital of Petropavlovsk-Kamchatsky. They are given their various colours by light refracting through the ice - with the thicker the ice, the more emerald.
Jeff Bezos was spotted at the popular tourist spot, Campo de' Fiori, in central Rome on Tuesday. The Internet mogul, who is worth $34.7billion, blended in with tourists but was also discreetly accompanied by a security guard. Bezos was not accompanied by his wife of 22 years, MacKenzie.
Raymond Lee Fryberg Jr. was arraigned in Seattle on Thursday, nearly six months after his son Jaylen Fryberg killed four students at Marysville Pilchuck High School then himself. Fryberg had been the subject of a permanent domestic violence protection order that prohibited him from ever having firearms when he allegedly bought a Beretta pistol in January 2013. According to the criminal complaint, the order was against him in Tulalip Tribal Court in 2002 by a girlfriend who said he had threatened her, slapped her and pulled her hair. in 2002 .
Jesse Norman allegedly gave out cake while campaigning at an Asda supermarket in his Hereford constituency. Police investigating reports of a breach of the Representation of the People Act 1983. Election candidates banned from providing food, drink or entertainment to win votes .
The Justice Department said Tuesday it has opened a civil rights investigation into the death of Freddie Gray, a black man who suffered a fatal spinal-cord injury under mysterious circumstances after he was handcuffed and put in the back of a police van. Baltimore police officials, meanwhile, released the names of six officers who were involved in the arrest and the van transport of the 25-year-old and who've been suspended pending an investigation. Hundreds of residents took to the streets of West Baltimore to protest the police force in Gray.
Trip to Durminskoye Reserve in Khabarovsk lasts seven days and costs £3,500. Guests will spend time in the wild environs inhabited by the last remaining Siberian tigers. They will walk in the footsteps of the world’s biggest cats.
Asif Malik, 31, his partner Sara Kiran, 29, their daughter Zoha, seven, and their three sons Essa, four, Zakariva, two, and Yahya, one, were last seen on April 7. They left their home in Slough, Berkshire, without mentioning any holiday or travel plans to family members. Police say Mr Malik told his family he wanted to 'go and live in a Muslim country' . But radical preacher Anjem Choudary said Malik was a member of banned group Al-Muhajiroun and a 'champion for sharia' Neighbours said the family were known to police and had been questioned on suspicion of terrorist involvement four years ago.
The group, LPAC, launched Lesbians4Hillary on Monday to support the former First Lady's bid to become the nation's first female president. It is co-chaired by pioneering tennis great Billie Jean King, who was outed as a lesbian in 1981 .
Trevor Noah joined Jerry Seinfeld, Larry David and Matthew Broadrick at Citi Field on Monday. The quartet were all present at the game between the New York Mets and the Philadelphia Phillies. The South African comedian's appearance comes after he was accused of anti-Semitism for a series of tweets.
Cambridge-educated Sean Heslop, 47, was questioned on suspicion of abusing his position of trust. He has been suspended from his job as executive principal of two academy schools in Kent. Former pupil became pregnant at the end of last year after leaving school and starting university. She posted picture of scan of unborn child online and said she was 'in loving relationship' .
Cheryl Heineman, 45, a third-grade teacher from Florida, was arrested Wednesday at Central Avenue Elementary School in Kissimmee on multiple counts of sale and delivery of narcotics. The woman's suspected accomplice and lover, 20-year-old Jack Lindsey, is facing the same charges . The arrests came at the conclusion of a six-week investigation.
Lenny Mordarski, 68, was viciously poked with the blue ballpoint on a flight from Chicago to Manchester, New Hampshire. He compared the attack to 'being stung by bees... owww!' The woman was removed from the flight following the air rage incident and put on a later flight .
Two prototypes of the CYG-11 seaplane were tested over the sea off the coast of Haikou in Hainan Province in China. The aircraft is believed to be a joint project between Russia and China to build new types of seaplane.
The 68-year-old told Town & Country Magazine that he believes he has lost his natural flair for political campaigning. He added that becoming a grandparent to his daughter Chelsea's daughter Charlotte has tamed the angry side of his personality which once helped to propel him to victory.
Launch took place at 4:10 p.m. ET from Florida under perfect conditions. The booster was programmed to flip around and fly to a platform dubbed 'Just Read the Instructions' in the Atlantic. The impact of landing, however, caused it to tip over destroying the lower part of the rocket. The Dragon capsule will arrive on Friday .
Niamh Geaney, 26, and Karen Branigan, 29, discovered they looked so alike that they could be identical twins. But they aren't the only unrelated twosome to boast real life doppelgängers. Hollywood has no shortage of Hollywood lookalikes including Josh Hutcherson.
During a lesson on tolerance and acceptance, children at Horace Mitchell Primary School in Kittery Point, Maine, were read I Am Jazz, a book about a child 'with a boy's body and a girl's brain' Some parents are unhappy with the school after they say their children came home with questions about gender and wondering if they too might be trans. One mom was so angry she contacted conservative pundit Sean Hannity after she felt that the school ignored her initial complaint. School officials have now apologized .
The female activists were arrested the weekend before International Women's Day. They were preparing to hand out leaflets about sexual harassment on public transport. Now face being jailed for up to five years if they are charged with 'picking quarrels and provoking trouble' The vague charge of 'provoking trouble' has been increasingly used by police.
Three studies have provided different theories for what happened after Earth was struck by a Mars-sized object called Theia, 4.45 billion years ago. What is agreed on, though, is that the impact actually happened. Both bodies have a similar isotopic ‘fingerprint,’ notably similar types of Tungsten, suggesting they had a similar origin. One difference is that Earth has proportionally much less of a lighter isotope known as Tundsten-182 than Theia  .
The Chancellor appeared to leave the door open when asked if he would be ‘depriving more families’ of the payments. More than a million households lost out when the Coalition announced that families with one parent earning £50,000 would pay tax on child benefit two and a half years ago.
JNCO, the brand responsible for the huge wideleg 'rave' jeans, is set to make a comeback. The return of the highly impractical jeans has us contemplating the retro fashion Nineties and Noughties trends that really should be left in the past  .
The arrests were made in Minneapolis and San Diego but there is no threat to public safety. Three men who were arrested in Minneapolis were already known to authorities, according to reports. They were stopped from boarding a plane to Istanbul with Hamza Ahmed, 19, at JFK Airport in November.
 publication of Sir John Chilcot’s inquiry had already been pushed back until after the election. It is unlikely to be published until next year at the earliest, it has emerged. Further delays will fuel speculation those criticised are trying.
Lizzie Cochran, a pre-med student at Columbia University, has launched a Kickstarter campaign to fund her upcoming fashion line Epidemia Designs. The designs include scarves printed with rabies, a flu of 1918 tote bag and yoga pants depicting polio.
Colonel Muammar Gaddafi's Bab al-Aziziya palace in Tripoli was once a symbol of fear and terror to Libyans. The compound was hit in a 1986 US air strike before being pounded by NATO four years ago. Now it has been reduced to rubble and is used as a pet market to sell birds and dogs.
James Coney had written an editorial opinion piece for the Washington Post claiming Poland shares responsibility for the Holocaust with Germany. The piece sparked outrage among Polish politicians and media. US Ambassador Stephen Mull met with the Polish deputy foreign affairs minister and apologised for the comments .
The six men were arrested Sunday in Minneapolis and San Diego and are scheduled to make initial appearances in federal court on Monday. They are the latest people from Minnesota to be charged in an investigation stretching back months into the recruitment of Westerners by IS. The Minneapolis area is home to the largest concentration of Somali immigrants in the U.S. .
Clip resembles scenes from a Hollywood disaster movie, with cars turning around in road and turning back to escape inferno. Wildfires in Siberia have been raging since March 19, with death toll this week climbing to 30 and 500 injured.
Kenneth Morgan Stancil III, 20, said his motorbike broke down along Interstate 95 and he walked 30 miles before a woman gave him a ride. The woman didn't know he was armed with a knife and had almost $500, police said. He was found sleeping on the beach in Daytona Beach, Florida, on Tuesday morning. He is awaiting extradition back to North Carolina, where he is accused of fatally shooting his former work-study supervisor Ron Lane, 44, last month. Lane was gay, and authorities said they are investigating a possible hate crime, but haven't released a motive .
The threat against flight 826 from Cologne Bonn to Milan's Malpensa airport was received on Sunday evening. The tower in Cologne immediately alerted the pilot of the Airbus A320, which was taxiing toward the runway. Instead of taking off the pilot steered the plane to a different part of the airport .
Sophie Ryan-Palmer, 12, Fabian Bates, nine, and Chloe Balloqui, three, are patients at Great Ormond Street Hospital, London. They are the first children in the world to go through a pioneering treatment called immunotherapy. Two do not survive the radical procedure  .
Lorna McCarthy feared for her life in the hours leading up to her death at the hands of Barry McCarthy. She sent a series of messages to friends and family saying she didn't know 'what he is capable of these days' But he stabbed her 13 times in the heart after she revealed she did not want to try to save the relationship, Norwich Crown Court heard .
Douglas Mark Hughes, 61, created a security scare when he violated national airspace and has prompted a full-scale security review in Washington. Hughes, a US Postal Service mail carrier, described his flight upon arriving home in Ruskin, Florida,. early on Sunday. He said: 'I had expected to be intercepted on the way' before landing on the west lawn .
Alix Bussey, 23, was on holiday with boyfriend Jonathan Boyle, also 23, in Riviera Maya, Mexico. She was hit by a car as the pair made their way back to hotel after night out. Hours earlier she had texted she was having 'best time ever'
Four tourists filmed catching a bronzer shark in New Zealand, dragging the thrashing creature in to shore and then posing for photos with the creature. It is legal to fish for sharks in the country, but it has become a competitive sport known as 'big game fishing' in which 'shark anglers' catch and release the creatures. The practice is completely legal .
The agreement was announced on Tuesday by a judge in an Orlando, Florida courtroom. Lolita Grayson had claimed in court papers that she was divorced from her first husband when she married the congressman in 1990. The Democrat and highly successful trial lawyer said his wife's marriage to Robert Carson was not dissolved until 1994 .
Coleen Rooney and Nadine Coyle have joined forces with Cancer Research for Race For Life. The race raises money that goes towards research into over 200 types of cancer affecting both men and women .
There are 650 seats up for grabs on May 7, with Labour and the Tories needing more than half to secure majority. Electoral Reform Society claims result in 364 seats can be called now, based on current polls and how 'safe' they were in 2010. 70% of seats in East of England considered safe, compared to 10% Scotland.
The Prevention of Terrorism Act allows authorities to detain suspected terrorists for two years without charge or trial. It also allows for authorities to apply for unlimited extensions after those two years expire. Bill effectively reintroduces the prospect of indefinite detention without trial in Malaysia. Human Rights Watch described it as 'a giant step backwards for human rights' .
David Cameron boasted that 2million people have found work since 2010, new employment figures show. Office for National Statistics says 31 million people are in work, up from 29million in spring 2010. PM warns recovery would be 'put at risk' by Labour-SNP 'stitch-up' after election on May 7 in general election.
Ahmed Shaheed, 28, bought the tiger cub from a small village near the Syrian city of Aleppo. The extravagant purchase will remain with its mother until it is old enough to become Shaheed's pet. WARNING: GRAPHIC.
Three's Feel At Home covers 18 destinations in Europe, Australia, the United States, Asia and the Middle East. Customers can call and text UK numbers and use data in some countries at no extra cost to their UK price plans.
Babies born on the same day as the royal baby will be eligible to receive one of 2,015 free 'lucky' silver pennies. Parents will have to register the birth of their child on The Royal Mint's Facebook page to receive the commemorative gift.
Lord Janner signed a letter saying he wanted to remain a peer just a week before he was ruled unfit to face child sex charges. The former Labour MP, 86, claimed more than £100,000 in parliamentary expenses and allowances in four years. He has not attended the Lords since detectives raided his North London home in December 2013.
Sam Pearce, 24, of Milton, Massachusetts, initially came to New York City to peruse a career in education, and soon after arriving landed a job teaching English to eighth graders in Brooklyn, New York. He now works as a model for some of the world's top designers.
More than 6000 people attended sold-out dance party 'Midnight Mafia' at Sydney Showground in Homebush. A 22-year-old Marrickville man was found in possession of 441 MDMA tablets. He was charged with supply prohibited drug, refused bail and appeared in Parramatta Local Court on Sunday. Police were targeting the use and supply of prohibited drugs at the venue  .
Latest update to Android handsets can understand handwriting in 82 languages in 20 distinct scripts. Works with both printed and cursive writing input with or without a stylus. Even allows users to simply draw emoji they want to send .
Historic building repairer Gregg Olson and architectural historian Pam Hayden have been analyzing the Molalla Log Cabin for seven years. They believe the log cabin could have been built as early as 1795 - ten years before Lewis and Clark reached the Pacific Ocean. The way the logs are tightly interwoven, secured without nails and left no gaps is similar to Russian log cabins of the same time period, when Catherine the Great was sending envoys to Alaska to boost the fur trade .
Sour cherries contain high levels of antioxidants and as a result are anti-inflammatory, can help a person sleep and can improve recovery after a sports injury. Avocados are a great source of healthy, mono-saturated fats, which have been shown to lower bad cholesterol and reduce heart attack risk.
Aeroplanes are breeding grounds for bacteria including E.coli, MRSA and Staphylococcus aureus. A father and son team have created a robot, called the Germfalcon, which uses ultra violet light to kill bacteria throughout the cabin  .
Jennifer Pagonis, 29, has Androgen Insensitivity Syndrome (AIS), a very rare disorder which prevents a womb from growing and causes testes to grow in the abdomen. She was born with an enlarged clitoris, no uterus and a partial vagina that surgeons later extended so that as an adult she might have normal sexual intercourse. She now uses the first name 'Pidgeon,' doesn't identify as female or male and works as an artist and intersex activist against surgery against surgery .
Secret drawings and letters belonged to the co-pilot of Enola Gay bomber which dropped the bomb. They reveal Captain Robert Lewis's immense guilt following the mission. He wrote: 'My God, what have we done? How many did we kill? 'I am certain the entire crew felt this experience was more than anyone human had ever thought possible'
MailOnline Travel spoke to a number of experts to debunk some of the myths that exist about planes. Pilots do not eat the same reheated chicken or pasta dishes that are served to passengers in economy. Where do flight attendants sleep on long-haul flights?
Aaron Hernandez will no longer be No 81 - he is Prisoner W106228, Daily Mail Online can reveal. Hernandez is being moved to the maximum security Souza-Baranowski Correctional Center near Shirley, Mass. He is now equipped with green prison scrubs and his tattoos are being examined for gang affiliations. Hernandez was hooked on 'angel dust', a drug known to cause violent outbursts and paranoia. The former New England Patriots star smoked the hallucination-inducing drug in marijuana cigarettes that are known as 'killer joints' in the world of drugs .
Jesse Kidder was in a patrol car chasing Michael Wilcox, 27, in New Richmond, Ohio. Wilcox allegedly gunned down his fiance and best friend on Thursday. He then ran at Kidder and asked the officer to shoot him, but the rookie refused. Kidder has been praised for 'restraint and maturity' for his actions .
Sharon Winters, 39, was looking for her soulmate when she met Kevin Hawke on an online dating site. But less than two weeks later she was dead after he stabbed her in a frenzied knife attack. Her brother Stephen Robinson, 44, is speaking for the first time since his sister's murder to warn other women to be careful when looking for love online   .
Sophia Adams, 21, beat 1,000 other hopefuls to land coveted modelling contract with Bridge Models. The trainee police officer will star in Curvy Kate's Spring/Summer 2016 catalogue shot in the Mediterranean. Adams has a 32JJ bust and is from North London.
Surgeries have been urged to form into groups of 20 to 30 to ensure one is open on Saturdays and Sundays. British Medical Association survey found 63 per cent opposed to forming networks with other surgeries. Just 2 per cent were in favour of scheme.
Early teardown reveals Samsung used more of its own chips to power the new Galaxy S6 than predecessor S5. Findings suggest a deeper loss of business for U.S. chip supplier Qualcomm.
Zheng Gong Hospital in Henan Province, China, was under threat of demolition to make way for new road. Hospital bosses decided to save time and money and avoid paying for a new building by putting 'wheels' on building. Building is 1,700 square metres in size and needs more than 1,000 wheels.
Nicholas Dematteis, 39, flew into the rage while at restaurant Bocca East during brunch on Saturday afternoon. He demanded a free meal around 4pm after waiting an hour and a half for his omelette. The 34-year-old manager made attempts to calm him down, when he spewed a homophobic slur at him. He then allegedly grabbed the manager's neck and slammed him against a bar and into an elderly woman.
The fast car sequel, starring Vin Diesel and Jason Statham, earned an estimated $29.1 million over the weekend. Furious 7 is now one of the ten highest grossing movies of all-time worldwide, ranking seventh with $1.152 billion. It has already earned $1 billion worldwide .
Ukip leader says it is a 'reasonable proposition' to charge people who turn up in A&E more than once after drinking. Admits he is finding the election campaign 'knackering' as polls suggest support for Ukip is on the slide. He admits to having a pint most lunchtimes.
Eating the kernels without their skins can improve gut health and ward off bugs like E.coli. Scientists from the University of Maryland found that flour made from peanut kernel stimulates the growth of friendly bacteria .
Zhu Diandian has raised her beloved Five Flowers since it was a piglet and the porker has now grown to a whopping 187lbs (13st) Her husband is understood to be 'tolerant' of the relationship but her pet dog is jealous.
Gwyneth Paltrow is selling a sun proof T-shirt in her Goop shop. The Swim Tee by Land's End provides UPF 50 sun protection. Hunter Boots sell The Original Tour, a £90 boot constructed in lightweight rubber.
Fall of an Empire: The Story of Katherine of Alexandria has been dubbed one of the biggest independent films for decades. It features Steven Berkoff, Edward Fox, Joss Ackland and Nicole Keniheart alongside O’Toole. Director Michael Redwood paid tribute to the late actor's sense of humour .
Social media users have taken to Snapchat to share their rainy day adventures. The worst weather in five years continues to whip NSW with severe weather warnings in place for Metropolitan, Mid North Coast, Hunter and Illawarra. Snapchat's Sydney story shows the soaking conditions endured by the Cronulla Sharks and South Sydney Rabbitohs.
Transavia France is selling cheap flights with packets of crisps, gummy bears and cereal bars at participating shops. Customers who buy one of the products will find vouchers for flights to Barcelona, Lisbon or Dublin. The promotion ends on April 21 for a limited time.
Listening to the right sort of music, including the Beatles, can enhance flavours in food and drink. Luciano Pavarotti's Nessun Dorma is said to be perfect accompaniment to dark mouse or coffee. High-pitched piano in Billie Holiday's Autumn in New York can emphasise pumpkin pudding .
The San Francisco property was teeming with black widows, rats, feces and 300 bottles of urine when it was discovered on April 4. Police removed the body, believed to be that of Anna Ragin, a hoarder who lived with her 65-year-old daughter Carolyn, who is now being mentally assessed  .
Manjinder Virk will play pathologist Dr Kam Karimore in the ITV police drama. It is the first significant role for an ethnic minority actor in the 18th series. Executive producer Brian True-May described show as the 'last bastion of Englishness'
Joseph O'Riordan was sitting on Polegate Town Council in East Sussex when he grew suspicious. He hired a private investigator to follow his wife Amanda, 47, after discovering she was having an affair. He stabbed her in the chest, torso, arms and back eight times with a seven-inch kitchen knife, a court heard  .
Sabrina Rubin Erdely has been silent since December, when the magazine was forced to issue an apology in the wake of several factual errors highlighted in the piece about a University of Virginia student named Jackie. In the story, titled 'A Rape on Campus', Jackie claims to have been gang raped by seven men at campus fraternity Phi Kappa Psi two years ago. A recent investigation by the Charlottesville Police found no evidence to support her story- including the man who brought her.
Colby Ramos-Francis, now 17 months old, was born with a small, heart-shaped growth over his eyelid. But it quickly developed into a large benign tumour that continued to expand. His parents claim NHS doctors were unable to treat the growth or offer surgery.
Noor Ellis admitted a role in the killing of her 60-year-old husband, businessman Robert Ellis, at their home in Bali last October. His body was found wrapped in plastic with his wrists and feet bound and dumped in a ditch in a rice field near Sedang Village. Mrs Ellis told a court on Wednesday that her husband died 'Because of the order from me' . She faces the death penalty if she is found guilty of the charge of premeditated murder . The couple's two maids and the boyfriend of one of the maids are already in custody for their roles in the murder. If found guilty, Mrs Ellis and the other suspects could face the death sentence   .
Jenny-Lee, 28, was diagnosed with leukaemia seven months into her pregnancy. Doctors at Sydney's Prince of Wales Hospital told her she could give birth via a caesarean section or undergo chemotherapy. She refused both options as they required her to receive a blood transfusion. Her baby died in utero.
Luke Munro, 19, and Dylon Thompson, 21, burst into Londis shop in Cleveleys near Blackpool in October last year. Pulled out a 'realistic looking' handgun and pointed it at the owner, his wife, and their toddler. When they refused to hand over cash, they threw sweets at them before fleeing empty handed .
US researchers discovered that a single gene called TcSAD1 is responsible for the melting point of cocoa butter. Plant geneticists say their finding could also lead to new varieties of climate change-resistant cocoa plants. Chocolate with a higher or lower melting point would be useful for production of chocolate with specific textures and specialty applications, such as cosmetics.
David Serbeck, 42, was found guilty in March 2012 of three felony counts of unlawful sex with a minor and sentenced to up to 10 years in prison. Two years after he had sex with the 17-year-old, Serbeck was shot and paralyzed in July 2009 by Reginald Campos, who suspected Serbeck of aggressively following his daughter in an SUV while patrolling their Buffdale neighborhood. Serbeck staunchly denied the accusations, saying the teen, now 24, had a crush on him and wanted to impress her friends. In September 2013, a judge granted Campos parole and he was released from prison in July 2014  .
Kenneth Stancil, 20, is a former student who did not graduate from Wayne Community College in Goldsboro, North Carolina. He allegedly entered the building at 8am on Monday carrying a long-barreled gun and fired one shot, which killed long-time employee Ron Lane. Police have issued a warrant for his arrest, describing him as white, approximately 5'11", with a goatee, and a tattoo over his left eye. It is not known if Stancill and Lane are connected or related. SWAT teams raced to the scene after 911 calls were made reporting a shooting inside the campus library just before 9am.
An Egyptian goose that lived for at least a week with an arrow piercing its neck as it evaded capture by animal control workers in Southern California died after it was wrangled and taken to surgery. The goose at first appeared to make it successfully through the operation at a bird and wildlife clinic Wednesday but then died a short time later .
Tahlequah, Oklahoma, police say a package intercepted in Tulsa County contained an Easter bunny stuffed with $30,000 worth of meth. The package was sniffed out by a police dog and the intended recipient, Carolyn Ross, arrested.
Andrew Anderson, 43, accused of forcing social worker Julie McGoldrick to the floor, injuring her wrist. Judge at Manchester Magistrates' Court said chaotic scenes made it hard to blame anyone. Judge said it was not certain Mr Anderson 'went on not caring whether she was hurt or not' after the incident last year.
Lyrics of American Pie, written by Don McLean in 1971, sold at auction for $1 million. Lyrics have been an enigma wrapped in an eight-and-a-half minute puzzle.
24 per cent of 13 to 17-year-olds admitted they were continuously checking their devices, including when at school. Nine in teenagers also confessed to going online every day as they were unable to resist the lure of Facebook and Instagram. Facebook remains the most used social media site among teens .
Tola Ore, 32, fitted a high-tech device to her desktop computer allowing fraudsters to steal cash. Fraudsters attempted to deposit £1,274,000 into 12 different bank accounts in Palmers Green, north London. Eight-months pregnant Ore was due to stand trial this week, but yesterday admitted her part in the scam. Judge Richard Marks QC, the Common Serjeant of London, is due to sentence.
Home Secretary Theresa May said the Tory manifesto will spell out plans to negotiate a new deal with Europe. Unemployed EU migrants in Britain will be banned from receiving state support for four years. They will also be deported if they do not get a job within six months.
The tyranny of the nine-to-five is about money (of course), but also about moral worth. Joanna Biggs offers an excellent contribution to our knowledge of the world of work in all its variety in All Day Long.
Chester, a 6-year-old Pit Bull mix, had been housed at the North Fork Animal Welfare League on Long Island. The picture was shared more than 6,000 times and inquires about adopting Chester poured in from all over the world. Chester was adopted on Saturday.
Footage shows Atlanta Hawks star Thabo Sefolosha being wrestled to the ground by six NYPD cops. Moments later, video shows teammate Pero Antić being led away from the scene in handcuffs. Both were arrested for trying to prevent police from setting up a crime scene. It happened on the same night that Pacers star Chris Copeland and his wife were stabbed. Copeland, 31, was slashed in the elbow and abdomen and underwent surgery on Wednesday. He is in a stable condition in hospital .
The FAA granted Amazon's request to test its new delivery drones in a letter dated Wednesday. The company must supply monthly data to the regulators and conduct flights at 400 feet (120 metres) orbelow and in 'visual meteorological conditions'
Two-inch-long Asian hornets pose a terrible danger to our honeybees. They pick off bees as they leave their hive until the colony is so exhausted the hornets can move in. Norfolk Beekeepers' Association will hold Bee Health Seminar at Easton and Otley College on May 23 .
The craft was supposed to be capturing footage of the Royal Burgers Zoo chimp enclosure for a TV show. The incident happened during filming for a reality show set in the zoo set in Arnhem, Netherlands .
The ink illustration appears to show the Jedi knight Yoda on the pages of a religious document. But in fact, the drawing is part of a bizarre representation of the Biblical story of Samson. The drawing shows a cloaked creature with long, spiky hands and protruding pointy ears - just like the fantasy character. It comes from a 14th century manuscript known as the Smithfield Decretals.
Former head of Scotland Yard's Flying Squad, John O'Connor, said the fire could be linked to the multi-million pound heist. The fire started underground just several hundred yards from where the heist took place a few days later. It came shortly after firefighters battled a major fire just 500 metres from the raid site.
Clip was filmed on Saturday in Shortandy village, 40 miles north of the capital Astana, Kazakhstan. It captures the cloud hovering in the sky for 15 minutes before suddenly vanishing without trace. The video has been viewed more than 50,000 times since being uploaded to YouTube, prompting all manner of bizarre explanations for the phenomenon.
More than 20,000 children passed ten or more GCSEs with either an A or an A* grade between 2009 and 2013. Critics say increasing numbers of high-fliers mean not enough has been done to stop qualifications becoming too easy. Figures suggest Britain's most able students.
Mike Cannon-Brookes is Australia’s equal richest self-made billionaire under 40. He co-founded software company Atlassian with business partner Scott Farquhar 12 years ago. The 35-year-old IT entrepreneur spent $12 million on a five-bedroom mansion in Sydney's east. He will share the home with his wife, Annie Todd, the designer behind fashion label House of Cannon .
Dustin Wayne South, 32, died in Louisville, Kentucky, on Wednesday after police were called to a field where South was seen wielding a gun. Two bullets fired by police struck South, but neither was lethal, said Jo-Ann Farmer, chief deputy coroner. He died of a self-inflicted gunshot wound to the head. Neighbors said they saw South fighting with a woman in the street in front of her house before police arrived .
Fred Hatch, 76, was battered to death with a claw hammer by his crazed neighbour Alan Rogers, 73. His wife Enid Hatch, 70, ran out to help what she thought was an injured man in their sheltered housing complex. She found blood splattered walls where her husband had been brutally beaten yards away. Rogers was sentenced to a hospital order under the Mental Health Act and told he may never be released under the act .
The 15-year-old girl, named locally as Leah Price, was airlifted to hospital with serious injuries. It is believed she lost her footing on the cliffs at Blue Dolphin camping site near Filey, North Yorkshire. Her father was said to have witnessed the incident and alerted emergency services.
Madge, 56, pulled the 28-year-old singer back to plant a kiss on his lips, making out with him for at least three seconds. When she was finished, the musician looked horrified, even wiping his mouth .
Storm was caused by a cold front moving in from the Ukrainian-Belorusian border, named a haboob. Within minutes, the storm had blocked out the sun, creating chaos on the city streets of Soligorsk.
The Pacific Coast Highway (aka Route 1) runs from San Francisco to Los Angeles. Route 1 winds through some of California's most wonderful, ever-changing scenery, taking in beaches.
James Koryor, 41, has been arrested in connection to the death of his two-year-old son, who was left locked in the family's car outside their Phoenix home on Monday for up to 2.5 hours. The boy's mother found him in the car some time later after she went to leave the house to study. Police say there was evidence of a struggle inside the car, indicating the boy had tried to get out. He has reportedly confessed to drinking alcohol .
Sara Martin, 37, from Lititz, Pennsylvania, was diagnosed with aggressive, inoperable brain cancer in 2010. Her health declined this winter after she underwent a second round of radiation treatment. Soon, she no longer talked, prompting her family to arrange for her to receive hospice care. But one day recently, she uttered a single word: 'Florida' Now, her family are taking her to Florida for what will likely be her final holiday.
Biologists at Jyväskylä University in Finland say eye-spots on the wings of butterflies do in fact mimic the eyes of larger and more threatening species, like owls. Having bright colours and distinguishing features is a common way for insects to scare away predators like birds to lure them away from vital body parts.
The former Olympian and reality TV star, 65, will speak in a 'far-ranging' interview with Sawyer for a special edition of '20/20' on Friday April 24. The interview comes amid growing speculation about the father-of-six's transition to a woman, and follows closely behind his involvement in a deadly car crash in California in February. The Kardashian women will not be stealing the spotlight because they will be in Armenia when the interview airs, TMZ reports.
Claudia Martins, 33, gave birth alone at her sister's flat in Knowle, Bristol, in September last year. Paramedics were called after she was found sitting in the bath with 'a lot of blood' and she was taken to hospital. Earlier she had killed the infant by stuffing toilet paper.
Felix the cat went missing after escaping a damaged crate after 14-hour flight from Abu Dhabi to New York. The two-year-old grey tabby's crate was damaged while being transferred from the plane. Felix was discovered at JFK airport after being on the loose for two weeks.
Conrad Clitheroe, Gary Cooper and Neil Munro were stopped by police at Fujairah Airport. They were taken to a police station and despite being told they would not be detained, were put into prison. Their case was escalated to a matter of 'national security' and they were jailed for two months. Families of the three men have now been told they will be freed and charges of espionage will not be brought against them.
Melbourne's Moose Toys HQ is described as the Google-esque HQ of Australia. It comes complete with toy testing rooms, table tennis table, aerobics room, gym and custom staff lunch room. Staff can scribble their ideas on walls made out of whiteboards while the Employee of the Year gets a gold crown and cape as well as a free holiday of their choice   .
Revlon UK's new global tag line, Love Is On, is the label's first major relaunch in more than a decade. The video was created by agency George Patts Y&R as part of a major rebrand.
Michael Rogan, 42, died early on Friday after the accident near the town of Cleveland, Wisconsin. His wife, Niki, and their seven children, aged between two and 15, suffered minor injuries. Niki managed to steer the van into a shallow ditch after the impact. She gave birth a few hours later to a son, Blaise, .
The Chief Political Correspondent of Slate Magazine was announced as the new host on the show on Sunday after the 78-year-old announced he would be retiring last week. He is expected to make his first appearance this summer, ending Schieffer's 14-year reign as host of the long-running news program. Dickerson worked for Time Magazine for 12 years, four of them as White House correspondent, and has written extensively about the 2008 presidential campaign and Obama presidency .
Researchers isolated bacterial DNA of several strains of the disease from mummies found in the crypt of a church in Vác, Hungary. They found 14 different strains of TB bacteria that had infected eight of the bodies in the tomb. They traced them all back to a single strain of TB that began infecting people .
Chris Brugger, 35, relapsed with Hodgkin's Lymphoma in December. The father-of-two must pay $16,000 every three weeks for Brentuximab Vedotin treatment. His 'My Name Is Chris' campaign and website was created to raise money for the treatment. The drug can't be distributed on the current Pharmaceutical Benefits Scheme. The Brugger family attended a Senate inquiry on Monday in Canberra  .
A man was found dead with an apparent self-inflicted wound around 5 p.m. near the buffet at M Resort Spa and Casino in Henderson, Nevada. One adult who heard the gunshot and fell while running away was taken to the hospital with minor injuries.
Nicola Sturgeon called on Labour leader to help her 'lock' David Cameron out of Downing Street. She said the offer stood 'regardless of who is the biggest party' in the House of Commons. Comments raise the prospect of Mr Miliband ending up in Number 10 as a result of nationalist support despite fewer seats .
Aaron Taylor-Johnson was just 19 when he met wife Sam, then 42, on the set of Nowhere Boy in 2009. The couple married at Babington House in Somerset when he was 20 and she was 20. Friends of the couple call him Benjamin Button after Brad Pitt's character in film .
Beverley Davis was supposed to be helping to care for 89-year-old former Royal Marine Ray Warren. But she tricked him into handing over his bank cards to steal £9,164 over 42 transactions. Her actions left elderly Mr Warren so devastated he lay in bed at night worrying about money. He died just five months after her crime was discovered.
SN leader also pledged to form alliances with minor parties such as the Greens and Plaid Cymru. She said she would make a decision on an issue-by-issue basis, forcing a Labour minority government to seek SNP support for every single bill.  .
Abby Swinfield, 18, was rushed to hospital in the early hours of March 30 after a house party in Tamworth, Derbyshire. She was placed in a coma, but died a week later from multiple organ failure after taking M-Cat. Police have arrested a 20-year-old girl on suspicion of supplying Class B drugs, and she has been released on bail pending further investigation .
Justin and Jola Siezen family's house appears to be nothing more than an oversized and strangely shaped truck. But when unfolded, the vehicle transforms into a majestic but cosy home for Justin, Jola and their baby son Piko. Each of the elements fold away into a compact structure .
David Starkey says ethnic minority groups and disabled people should not 'assume the status of victim' 70-year-old says evidence suggests women are of average intelligence and men are either 'very bright or very thick' TV presenter also hits out at Baroness Doreen Lawrence for 'treating blacks as victims' .
The seven-car Maglev - short for 'magnetic levitation' - hit a top speed of 375mph (603 km/h) and travelled for almost 11 seconds at speeds above 373mph. It beat last week's speeds of 366mph (590kph), which in turn beat the train's previous record of 361mph (581kph) Maglev trains use magnets to lift the carriages above the track and is propelled by electrically charged magnets. The technology promises a ride that's smoother, quieter and almost twice as fast as trains.
The sum dwarfs payments for troops seriously wounded on the battlefield. Those who have lost both legs in combat are eligible for £570,000. Another soldier has received £411,000 after being left with psychological problems caused by harassment .
The average cost of the big day is £25,000, but thrifty brides are on the hunt for ways to budget. Monsoon, David's Bridal and Debenhams all offer bridal dresses on the high street. FEMAIL pitted the best dresses against the more high-end designs.
The company is in talks with Florence and the Machine to give Apple limited streaming rights to a track from their album set to be released in June. Apple bought audio equipment and music streaming company Beats for about $3 billion in May 2014. Beats Music will be re-launched in coming months with a $9.99-a-month subscription for individuals and family.
Georgina Gosden, 25, allegedly punched a 21-year-old woman at Townsville's Mad Cow Tavern in December last year. She carried out a similar attack on a 25-year -old woman in the same nightclub last April. Gosden has pleaded not guilty to common assault and being drunk and disorderly in a licensed venue.
Brock Guzman was found safe and well about two miles away from his Northern Californian home in the abandoned car following a frantic search for him. Police said a hapless car thief likely stole the 2001 Toyota Corolla after the boy's father left it running and briefly unattended.
Wendy Stokes, 74, had given up hope of seeing Toby after he escaped from her garden 11 months ago. He wandered through a gate in her garden and headed for the open road where he was picked up by a passing driver concerned for his safety .
Adam Leheup, 34, was cleared of rape and sexual assault by a jury at Blackfriars Crown Court. He had denied forcing himself on the 25-year-old woman hours after they met online. The self-confessed first date addict had spent nearly a year on police bail before being charged.
Pensions minister Steve Webb said over-55s 'don't have to rush this' and insisted there was 'a case for waiting and seeing' He said April 6 was the ‘starting gun’ and not a ‘deadline’ for pension changes.
The legendary French chef has been wining and dining a string of glamorous blondes since divorcing his wife of eight years, Zimbabwean-born heiress Cheryl Roux. The coterie includes a former flame, an artist, a hospitality manager and the woman at the centre of his bitter divorce – former cloakroom attendant Nataliya Lutsyshyna.
A finger-width flexible tube called an endobronchial ultrasound (EBUS) allows doctors to see inside the lungs and take a tissue sample in one go. Patients who have undergone EBUS survive for 503 days after diagnosis, compared with 312 days for people assessed through more traditional methods.
Jeremy Hunt promised an immediate crackdown if the Conservatives are re-elected. Said off-payroll contracts are 'clearly being abused both at management level and hiring agency staff' Comments led a storm of reaction from all political parties, health experts and professionals.
A Senate panel is set to vote tomorrow on an intensely debated bill authored by Senate Foreign Affairs Chairman Bob Corker that would give Congress a say on a potential deal aimed at keeping Tehran from developing a nuclear weapon. Under the bill, Obama could unilaterally lift or ease any sanctions imposed on Iran through presidential executive means. But it would prohibit him for 60 days from suspending, waiving or otherwise easing any sanctions that Congress levied on Iran. If Congress passed a joint resolution disapproving it, Obama would be blocked from providing Iran with relief.
Luca Railton was born with bones missing from his legs due to the rare condition bilateral tibial hemimelia. Doctors said he would have to have his right leg amputated or fused straight when he was 10-years-old. But his family refused to give up and raised £135,000 to take him to the US for treatment. He has now taken his first steps unaided .
Amanda Lamb stars in the new Air Wick Life Scents Summer Delights fragrance campaign. The 42-year-old TV presenter offers advice on how to spruce up a home this spring with a new range of fragrances.
Steven Nelms penned a moving essay celebrating his wife and everything she does for their family as a stay-at-home mother to their two-year-old son Ezra. In the essay he breaks down the monetary value of everything his wife does to care for the family and estimates her annual salary should be $73,960.
Anand Iyer, 36, quit his job as chief product officer at fashion site Threadflip to spend more time with his daughter. His wife Shreya, 34, works as a recruitment manager at data analytics firm Splunk.
The 44-year-old looked glamorous on her way to BBC’s Andrew Marr Show in a fuchsia column dress that flattered her slimmed-down physique. She looked svelte in the £179 knee-length 1940's-style ‘Blitz’ dress by Totty Rocks.
The Great Dying, which struck the Earth 252 million years ago, wiped out more than 96% of the world's creatures. It took place over a 60,000-year period, and acidification of the oceans lasted for around 10,000 years. The study, led by the University of Edinburgh, is the first to show that highly acidic oceans were to blame. In particular, they claim the volcanic eruptions released huge amounts of carbon dioxide which were absorbed into the oceans and changed their chemical compositions  .
Middlesbrough beat Wolves 2-0 in their Championship clash on Tuesday night. Jelle Vossen and Patrick Bamford scored for the Teessiders in the first half. Aitor Karanka's side need to win all four of their remaining games to finish in the top two .
Wendell Steiner, his wife, and their four children were stopped by police in Akron, Ohio during their 300-mile journey from Nova, Ohio to Pennsylvania. The mixed-breed puppies were wind-battered and huddled together in the cage when they were rescued, but had no injuries. Steiner said they were transporting the dogs to his wife's family in Pennsylvania because his father could no longer keep them. The family, who said they had no idea it was illegal, were let go with a warning.
Ukip leader was booed by voters at Westminster's Methodist Central Hall in London. He faced claims he blamed all of Britain's problems on migrants and blamed housing crisis on migrants. But he came under fire for linking immigration to housing crisis as he attacked a 'total lack of comprehension' He protested they were 'a remarkable audience even by the Left-wing standards of the BBC' Pollster ICM today defended its process 'using random location selection techniques'
Hillary Clinton's signature black GMC van dropped her off at Capitol Fruit Company in Norwalk, Iowa on Tuesday. A visually identical van drove up to the building with a nearly identical Secret Service escort vehicle. Both armored vehicles have raised roofs, deep-tinted windows and New York license plates. But while the original van – the one nicknamed 'Scooby' after the Scooby-Doo cartoon show – sports a mustard-yellow New York tag, the second has blue plates.
Sir Ranulph Fiennes has become the oldest Briton to complete the Marathon des Sables. The 71-year-old completed the 256km race through the Moroccan desert with just 13 minutes to spare. The veteran explorer has previously suffered two heart attacks and underwent a double heart bypass. He has raised almost £1million for Marie Curie.
Britain's biggest fashion retailer has an impressive line in designer copies selling for a fraction of the price of the big labels. One of Next's greatest strengths is identifying catwalk trends that will appeal to its target market: mothers aged 30 and over .
18-year-old Ryan Heritage posted obnoxious message on Trowbridge police's Facebook page. He went out for a night out in his home town and was spotted by police who chased him on foot before grabbing him.
Paula Dunican spent £25 on the baby blue coat at her local branch in Canterbury, Kent. When she took it home she noticed a dark stain 'seeping through' from the lining. Inside, a four inch-long gecko was flattened, its scales imprinted onto the fabric.
Liz Norden's adult sons, JP and Paul, each lost their right leg when they were hit by bombs in April 2013. The men, now in their mid-thirties, received horrific wounds shielding friends from second of two blasts. They now use prosthetic legs and are said to be living a relatively normal life again. Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was found guilty last week of all 30 charges related to the bombing, 18 of which can carry the death penalty  .
Julie McKenzie, 53, from Bushey, Herts, thought her back pain was down to a mild curvature of the spine. But an MRI scan revealed she had a tumour in her coccyx.
Reverend Andrew Dotchin, 58, was celebrating the end of Lent when he was refused entry at The Wine Bar in Ipswich. He was told there were health and safety concerns, because a glass could fall on his foot. The vicar, who preaches at Whitton Parish Church, said he was 'gobsmacked'
Pensioner was travelling in First Class on board the Boeing 777-300 jet from Frankfurt to Toronto. She was allegedly restrained by cabin crew until the plane was forced into an unplanned landing. On touching down at Shannon Airport, the elderly woman was taken into custody .
Elizabeth Scarborough, 21, has been impersonating Taylor Swift since she was 15 years old. The University of South Carolina student can sing, dance, and act just like her lookalike, and has even designed costumes .
Wrecks of the James McBride and Rising Sun have been revealed after ice-melt on the Great Lake. The vessels were captured by the U.S. Coast Guard during a routine helicopter patrol over the lake. Unpredictable weather makes Lake Michigan home to some of the most dangerous waters in the world with sudden storms, fire, and fog causing the destruction of thousands of vessels over the years. The wrecks are protected by law .
Heather Mack, 19, is accused of helping her 21-year-old boyfriend, Tommy Schaefer, murder her mother Sheila Von Wiese-Mack in Bali last August. Mack's attorney has filed a petition asking for half a million dollars to be transferred to care for her newborn daughter Stella. The baby was born in Kerobakan Prison and has urgent needs, including clothing and baby wipes. Mack and Schaefer are awaiting sentencing for the murder of her mother .
CCTV footage has captured a woman cautiously standing by the concierge desk. She quickly grabs the box of ANZAC badges and money while covering it with her black vest. The incident happened at the Caulfield RSL in Elsternwick, south-east of Melbourne about 8.00pm on Wednesday  .
Anti-racism protester Jacob King was snapped staring into the eyes of a bald man with a swastika tattooed behind his ear. Mr King said he had spread out his arms to protect his fellow protesters because he thought the man was going to attack them. He said he was born and raised in a multicultural part of Melbourne where he was exposed to racial tensions  .
Charles Barnhoorn, 20, was found dead in his bedroom at the family home in Kingsteignton, Devon. Inquest into his death recorded his death was self-inflicted after he died from asphyxiation . His mother Susan has now spoken out about the dangers of taking 'hippy crack' She said: 'It was a spur of the moment decision, made under the influence of a legal high'
Widower Clem Schultz was miraculously reunited with his dog Missy on Saturday after a deadly tornado hit Illinois on Thursday. Sadly, his beloved wife Geraldine died in the blast. Schultz thought his dog suffered the same fate as his partner but after Missy was spotted by a ConEd worker, police called Schultz and reported the sighting. The family created a Facebook page called, 'The Search for Missy'  .
By last night, a total of 150 business leaders have signed the letter warning against a ‘change in course’. Among the new signatories is Simon Woodroffe, the founder of Yo! Sushi and a former Labour backer. Others include executives from two FTSE-100 firms and 10.
John Truong agreed to babysit 2-year-old Ronnie Tran on Tuesday night after his sister Alyssa Chang asked him to watch the boy, saying it was her boyfriend's son and they wanted to go on a date night. The next day, Truong realized he was babysitting an abducted child when he read an Amber Alert on Facebook. His sister and the child's grandmother, 65- year-old Vien Nguyen, have been arrested in connection to the kidnapping and are being held on $250,000.
Adorable creature had been taking a nap on a coconut leaf in the early morning sun in India. The cute moment was captured by 19-year-old student, Ranajit Roy in his hometown .
Domanik Green, 14, allegedly accessed a computer at Paul R. Smith Middle School in Holiday, Florida. Allegedly used administrator's password to alter desktop background to two men kissing. He was arrested on Wednesday and detained at the Land O'Lakes Detention Center. Charged with 'offense against computer system, unauthorized access'  .
Nicole McDonough, 32, of Mount Olive, New Jersey, was arrested in December on suspicion of having sex with an 18-year-old student while employed as a teacher at Mendham High School. An investigation found she had 'improper relations' with two other male students, ages 18 and 18. On Monday she applied for Morris County's Pre-Trial Intervention program, which provides non-violent offenders with alternatives to traditional prosecution. The program requires a probationary period of one to three years and comes with a list of conditions that must be met to enter the program .
Sgt. George Hildebidle, who had been on the force since 2003 and was married with two children, barricaded himself inside his Grand Oaks home following a 911 call at 7am on Thursday. The 911 call was listed as a domestic dispute. Local police called in the Charleston County Sheriff's Department, the crisis negotiations team, SWAT, and bomb squads to handle the situation .
Carwyn Scott-Howell got lost on the slopes and left the piste before walking through a steep wooded area. He fell down a 160ft cliff after trying to find his parents in the French ski resort of Flaine. Police believe he was killed instantly after leaving the marked ski slope to look for his family .
Oscar-winning actor stuffed his watch collection into a sock and took it to a friend the day before his death. The 63-year-old also spent final 24 hours frantically looking up drugs online, convinced he had another illness. Pathologist Dr Richard Shepherd says he knew 'there was something else wrong with him' . Williams hanged himself in August 2014, a death which sent shockwaves through the celebrity world. Autopsy will reconstruct the final hours of the actor's life on Britain's Channel 5 show tonight  .
Families of victims of Yorkshire Ripper Peter Sutcliffe furious at plans to move him to low-security unit. Sutcliffe has spent more than three decades in Broadmoor jail for savage killings of 13 women. He is being lined up for the move after he expressed remorse and said he no longer hears 'voices from God' which he had blamed for killing spree.
Deborah Steel, 37, who ran the Royal Standard pub in Ely, Cambridgeshire, was last seen alive in 1997. Police believe she was killed and recently reclassified the investigation as a murder inquiry. Officers carried out a preliminary search of the area outside the pub earlier this year.
The 37-year-old rapper penned an essay for Paper magazine's American Dream issue, in which he discussed his 'world dream' Kanye said that if there was an actual Illuminati, 'it would be more like the energy companies' - not Hollywood stars. He also said that he is a proponent of people following their dreams  .
Friday is Myuran Sukumaran's 34th birthday which could well be his last as the pair contemplate the prospect of facing a firing squad on Execution Island in Java. The talented artist's birthday is being marked in London where his cousin has organised an exhibition of his paintings at the Amnesty International headquarters. The pair are in an isolated cell pinning their hopes on yet another legal quest for mercy which rests with a court that has previously recommended an option of a life sentence for reformed inmates. President Joko Widodo refused clemency.
Kylie Gulliver, 29, from Melbourne started Elliott Label three years ago. Joined by Robin Antin, founder of The Pussycat Dolls and pop group GRL. The pair met through Instagram and the rest is history. Kourtney Kardashian, Drew Barrymore, Cameron Diaz and Kyle Richards are fans of the brand. The brand is now big in Hollywood.
Kim Roberts admitted stealing antiques and paintings from Countess of Bathurst's Cirencester mansion. The 58-year-old helped herself to the riches, which included a sketch by Picasso and pewter plates. She was warned to prepare for a lengthy jail term at Gloucester Crown Court.
TOWIE star Bobby Cole Norris was left heartbroken last August when his mother Kym Norris was diagnosed with leukaemia. He launched the #savebobbysmum appeal to urge people to sign up as stem cell donors last August. Bobby, tweeted: 'Somewhere there is an amazing person that registered with @AnthonyNolan' .
John Allan claims David Cameron's decision to promise in-out referendum before knowing what powers can be clawed back. Suggests large firms could move head offices from London to other sites in Europe 'relatively painlessly' Tory election manifesto includes promise of referendum by 2017 .
Chief Secretary to the Treasury Danny Alexander pictured with call girl Brooke Magnanti. The two were snapped at Bar One in Inverness on Friday as part of the Nip festival. Comes as David Cameron faces growing revolt over campaign.
Josh and Vanessa Ellis and their eight-month-old son Hudson were killed on Monday when a concrete slab fell on top of their pickup truck. The family were driving under an overpass in Bonney Lake, Washington State, when the slab fell from a construction site. The concrete barrier weighed 'tons' and took investigators hours to extract the bodies. The couple had been married for five years .
Man, said to be in his 20s, was struck by a Northern line train at Stockwell station this morning. Station was shut while medics tended to the man who was later taken to hospital with life-threatening injuries.
Honza and Claudine Lafond, from Sydney, specialise in AcroVinyasa yoga, a type of yoga that combines traditional practice with acrobatic flying. The couple have posted pictures of themselves doing yoga poses all over the world on Instagram. They have more than 251,000 followers on the social media.
Duke of York made first public appearance since sex claims against him were thrown out. Visited offices of AkzoNobel, a paint firm based in Slough, where he chatted to employees. Has always denied that he had any relationship with Virginia Roberts.
Charity announced on Wednesday that it has decided to continue to look abroad for millions of dollars while limiting donor nations to a select group of six. The change in policy comes as former board member Hillary Clinton undertakes her presidential campaign. The foundation's reliance on funding from several Middle East governments that suppress dissent and women's rights sparked criticism and gave Republicans a new offensive against the leading Democrat.
Rhiannon Langley, from Melbourne, has 189,000 followers on Instagram. The 24-year-old hairdresser is undergoing a nose job in Bangkok, Thailand. She is sharing her experience on social media using the hashtag #Rhian nonGetsRhino. Follow along on her Instagram and Snapchat accounts.
AleXsandro Palombo has turned his hand to photography for his latest project, 'What Kind Of Man Are You?' The #briefmessage campaign is an opportunity for women - and men - to share their feelings about machismo and violence in 2015.
Loganair flight from Aberdeen to Shetland was put off by thunderstorms, snow, hail and 70mph winds. Plane began to plunge after it was struck by lightning, but autopilot ignored commands.
Lianna Barrientos, 39, married ten men in eleven years - and married six of them in one year alone, it's been revealed. Her first marriage took place in 1999, with the most recent being in 2010 . Authorities reportedly slapped her with offering a false instrument for filing felony charges in November 2014   .
Carol Lloyd was left covered in blood after rocks were thrown at and shattered her car window. She was forced to stop her car as she drove close to Jeppestown, close to Johannesburg . Six people have been killed in the violent protests which started in Durban two weeks ago . South African police responded to the wave of protests by firing rubber bullets and tear gas today to disperse crowds and disperse the crowds .
Bethany Farrell, 23, from Essex, died on February 17 while scuba diving in Queensland's Whitsundays. She was on her first scuba dive when she became separated from her instructor while swimming on the Great Barrier Reef. Friends of the British backpacker claim photos of her before she died were deleted. Scathing reviews have been posted to TripAdvisor slamming the tour operators Wings Diving Adventures.
Evan Summerfield had just learned how to giggle and take his dummy out by himself when he fell ill . The youngster had woken from a nap with a rash stretching from his head to his belly-button. He was rushed to Derriford Hospital in Plymouth but doctors and nurses battled to save him but he later died .
Julia Ware, who was 15 at the time of the accident, appeared at Wayne County Court in Honesdale, Pennslyvania, on Wednesday. The families of Shamus Digney, Cullen Keffer and Ryan Lesher- who were all 15 - watched her admit to five of the 12 counts she was charged with by prosecutors. Her father, Michael Ware, is awaiting trial on three counts of involuntary manslaughter, endangering the welfare of children and other charges.
Poppy Moore, 23, wed childhood sweetheart Sam Myers at Chelsea Register Office with only 12 loved ones. The bride wore a knee-length white dress and carried a bouquet of white roses. Guests included Poppy's mother Sara and Bobby's first wife Tina.
The rate of bankruptcy remained the same no matter how long the players were in the league or how well they were paid, according to researchers from the California Institute of Technology, George Washington University and the University of Washington. Bankruptcy remained at similar rates even among players who had long, profitable careers in the sport - and those who stayed five years.
Fan scaled the grandstand on the start-finish straight before running across the track during practice. He then climbed the pit wall and walked into the Ferrari garage before shouting 'I want a car' . The local man was handed over to the authorities and taken away from the circuit. FIA is currently looking into the incident  .
Scottish National Party are most likely to pack the speedos and watch English TV on holiday. UKIP supporters are the biggest sun lovers of all the parties with 90 per cent requiring this as standard. Liberal Democrats prefer to opt for the window seat on the plane, while UKIP are the least likely to rent cars.
Austin Bird is a Democratic Party insider who interned with President Obama's 2012 presidential re-election campaign and was tapped to chauffeur Vice President Joe Biden around Davenport, Iowa in October 2014. He and two other young Iowans sat at a table with Hillary Clinton at a coffee shop in LeClaire, Iowa on Tuesday morning. They were driven to the event by her Iowa campaign's political director, Troy Price, who was executive director of the Iowa Democratic Party until a month ago. The three got the lion's share of Mrs. Clinton's time and participated in what breathless news reports described as a 'roundtable' – the first of many in her brief Iowa campaign swing. It's unclear how many of the men were planted.
Esther McVey has been branded 'murderer' and 'wicked witch of Wirral West' in offensive graffiti. The employment minister also had an election song written about her by rivals claiming she was going to hell. Former GMTV presenter won her seat in 2010 with a majority of just 2,436.
The 29-year-old is the first celebrity to star in an Ann Summers campaign . The campaign sees Jess show off her incredible figure in the brand's swimwear. The full collection is available in store and online today .
The Sheikh Zayed Grand Mosque in Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates, is the biggest in the Middle East. British amateur photographer Julian John has been snapping photos of its incredible interiors for the last four years and is planning an exhibition .
Adele Sarno, 85, has been living in her two-bedroom apartment in Manhattan's Little Italy for more than 50 years. Her landlord is the Italian American Museum which is dedicated to the legacy of Italian-Americans and is situated below her home. They sent her a letter five years ago seeking to increase rent to $3,500 a month, far more than the retired shopkeeper can afford. The spat is the latest involving the museum to cause a commotion in Little Italy, a neighborhood of former tenement buildings and narrow streets in Lower Manhattan that was once a bustling center of Italian immigrant life.
State Representative Jesse Young wants to use two or three carriers to link Bremerton and Port Orchard across the Sinclair Inlet. The distance across the inlet is less than seven tenths of a mile - 3,700 feet. The US Navy is storing three retired carriers just a few hundred yards from the proposed site of the bridge .
John and Carolyn Jackson are currently on trial for abusing their three foster children over a period of years. The couple forced some of the children to drink hot sauce or eat hot pepper flakes and weren't exposed until one of their biological children reported the abuse to someone outside the family. The Jacksons were stationed at Picatinny Arsenal, a military installation about 40 miles west of New York City.
Swedish retailer has been forced to take action to stop Chinese shoppers napping in their beds and sofas. Problem has got so bad that nappers have taken over more than half of beds in Beijing store. One shopper said: 'Sleeping on the furniture will definitely affect customers'
The group were identified in a secret police intelligence report from 1964 in a four-page document. The document related to a notorious flat in Battersea, South West London which was used by paedophiles. Savile was known to be a regular visitor in the 1970s.
Sandra Garratt, 56, went through two years of agony following two back operations for a slipped disc . Last month doctors told her there was nothing more they could do to ease her suffering. On Good Friday she left her home in Rowley Regis, West Midlands, after telling her husband she was 'popping out' Hours later her body was found at the Cornbow Shopping Centre in Halesowen .
According to George R. R. Martin's books, Valyrian steel is a form of super strong and light metal forged when Essos governed. It reigned for 5,000 years before a disaster struck the empire, known as the 'Doom of Valyria'  .
Joy Tabram, 82, was admitted to Fiona Stanley Hospital in Perth on March 30 with a swollen abdomen. She was told to fast for five days while waiting for tests to be performed on her. Ms Tabram was 39 kilograms when she was admitted but left weighing just 34 kilograms. She has called for the hospital to be shut.
Lydia Millen, 27, and Ali Gordon, 26, met on Instagram after he liked one of her pictures. The pair have been dating for two years and live in Milton Keynes. Ali is an ambassador for a range of sports nutrition products. Lydia works as a full-time blogger  .
Matt O’Connor's own-goal turned his team's 3-2 lead into a 3-3 tie and led to their defeat in Boston. Brandon Tanev scored with 6:17 remaining to give the Friars the lead and the eventual win. It was Providence's first NCAA hockey title and third straight year .
The Ohio Department of Heath released birth records for people born between January 1, 1964, and September 18, 1996, last month. La-Sonya Mitchell-Clark, 38, of Youngstown, Ohio, found out her birth mother worked at the same call-center operation company she works at. She also found out that she had three younger sisters she didn't know about. The reunion was 'amazing' .
Jean Sharon Abbott, 38, from Plymouth, Minnesota, was told she had spastic diplegia, a form of cerebral palsy, when she was just four-years-old. After three decades of suffering from muscle spasms, weakness and near immobility, she learned at the age of 33 that she actually had dopa-responsive dystonia (DRD), a muscle disorder.
Tim Farron accused by dead man's widow of 'betrayal' after inquest found Jo Stephenson jumped from roof. Deputy leader of Cumbria County Council fell after being vilified over new parking charges. Widow Hilary accuses Farron of reneging on a deal to support her late husband over the policy. Mr Stephenson died of his injuries three weeks later .
A 48-year-old man has been charged with more than 100 domestic violence-related offences. The offences include rape, 'solicit to murder' and assault against his wife. He was remanded in custody and will reappear in court on June 10. The man faced Campbelltown Local Court.
A federal judge has sentenced former Blackwater security guard Nicholas Slatten to life in prison for his role in a 2007 shooting that killed 14 Iraqi civilians and wounded 17 others. Three other guards - Paul Slough, Evan Liberty and Dustin Heard - were each sentenced to 30 years and one day in prison. U.S. District Judge Royce Lamberth announced the sentences after a day-long hearing at which defense lawyers had argued for leniency. Defense lawyers argued for mercy but prosecutors said the men have never shown remorse or accepted responsibility.
Joseph O'Riordan, 74, is accused of trying to murder his wife Mandy, 47, with a seven inch kitchen knife. He stabbed her eight times in a jealous rage after finding out she was having an affair with a postman. A friend of the couple for six years told how he had confided in him about the extraordinary plan for his wife. He denies attempted murder at Brighton Crown Court .
Human bones found in Gough's Cave in Somerset had flesh cut from them before being chewed and crushed. Skulls found in the cave had also been extenisvely shaped to create cups or bowls. Findings suggest ritual cannibalism .
Double Falsehood was presented by theatre impresario Lewis Theobald in 1727. He claimed it was a re-working of an original by the Bard and that he had three original texts. But a new study of its language suggests it was written by Shakespeare.
Bunny ears, eggs and flowers were among the more conservative adornments festooning the heads of New Yorkers as they milled around in a loose gaggle centered on St Patrick's Cathedral. The annual Easter parade started in the 1880s in New York.
Aaronessa Keaton of Phoenix, Arizona was eight months pregnant and had marijuana and Benzodiazepines in her system when she collided head-on with a car carrying two children in February 2014. One of the children later died from their injuries. When told of this after her arrest, Keaton, 24, said; 'Sh*t happens' . Keaton was indicted by a grand jury in February, and taken in Monday after she was pulled over for a traffic stop. She was also on probation for marijuana possession charges at the time of the crash  .
Prime Minister accuses SNP and Labour of posing a 'clear and present danger' to Britain. He said the two parties were pretending to 'slug it out' ahead of next month's poll. But he insisted they were both working to ramp up spending regardless of the deficit  .
Exposure to a wide range of bacteria is necessary to prime the immune system early in life. Lack of bacteria in the gut means we are less equipped to deal with germs - meaning our bodies overreact .
Many nations are looking into Carbon Capture and Storage (CCS) technologies as a way to cut their greenhouse house emissions. CCS refers to the process of capturing carbon released by burning fossil fuels and storing it in porous rock layers in areas such as depleted oil and gas reservoirs. The technology has the potential to reduce the emissions of a typical coal-power plant by up to 90 per cent. But there are concerns over storing such huge amounts of carbon underground. Last April, an IPCC report highlighted a number of barriers to using CCS, including fatal CO2 leaks, transport issues and operational risks .
Josh Darnbrough, 24, passed out at a party and woke up with a hangover to find his friend had tattooed his back. Rob Gaskell, also 24, inked the words 'If found face down call an ambulance' on his back using a DIY kit. WARNING: GRAPHIC.
Alexander Soumbadze, 26, has been charged with eight counts of possession of child pornography . Police in Maryland have issued a warrant for the arrest of the Tbilisi, Georgia, native. He admitted to trading and receiving child pornography videos earlier this month. Videos recovered by police allegedly show him molesting boys at his karate studio .
A note was left on the windscreen of a car in Cammeray, a wealthy inner-Sydney suburb. It read: 'If you can't afford to park in the CBD don't come here!! Get out of your cars'
David Tungate, 58, was left devastated after the marriage to his first Gambian wife broke down shortly after he brought her to the UK. He then remarried, but his second wife was a serial bigamist who conned him out of £24,000 of his retirement money. David is now dating a third Gambian woman and is convinced his latest lady will prove to be third time lucky .
B2C Data sold our undercover reporters financial data of 15,000 people. Data Bubble supplied our team with health details on 3,000 patients. Both companies sold records despite not carrying out checks.
Dr. Anthony J. Moschetto, 54, allegedly used drugs, guns and blank prescriptions as currency while trying to have the other doctor harmed amid a professional dispute, investigators said. He first allegedly hired two men to set fire to the rival doctor's office; it happened beneath a sprinkler and damage was minimal, prosecutors said. 'He was willing to pay $5,000 to have him beaten and put in the hospital for a couple of months and pay $20,000 for him to be killed' . Investigators found a weapons cache in a secret room behind a bookshelf .
Queen Victoria spent her holidays at Osborne House on the Isle of Wight. She would travel to Portsmouth by train and then by ferry to Ryde. In 1875, a station was built at Whippingham, the closest point on the line to Osborne House .
Larry Kramer, 79, says he believes what's written in his history book is true though he is selling it as fiction to avoid legal troubles. In Volume One of his two part book 'The American People,' Kramer says that Abraham Lincoln was gay and his killer John Wilkes Booth was actually Lincoln's spurned gay lover. Kramer claims that historians just don't have 'gaydar' when it comes to studying historic figures and that George Washington was 'basically a big queen' .
Elspeth McKendrick, 16, was left shattered in 2012 when doctors diagnosed her with Asperger's syndrome. The Doctor Who and Sherlock fan desperately wanted to fit in at school and had built up a small circle of friends. Her parents said she was 'happy to be odd and eccentric' but was 'very much in denial' about her condition. She was found hanged a week after going on school trip.
Ben Sunderman, 19, who has Down syndrome waited to find out whether he got a spot on the special education internship with Embassy Suites. In the video filmed by his mother, he thoroughly looks over the letter on April 10 as she anxiously interrupts him wanting to know the decision - which he does not reveal until the end shouting 'I get it. I get the job!' Ben will travel from his home where he lives with his parents in McKinney to the hotel via public transportation, working eight hours for the internship which will begin in August.
Kennth Crowder, 41, was arrested in Melbourne, Florida, on Friday after being spotted running naked through a neighborhood calling himself God. He was also spotted committing an undisclosed sex act on a tree. Crowder was arrested on charges of battery on a law-enforcement officer, resisting with violence, and assault with a deadly weapon.
Plus-size model Laura Wells spoke to Australian Women's Weekly about the pressure put on her 'skinnier' model room mates to not eat ahead of Fashion Week. The 177-centimetre beauty says her friends would compare themselves to her. Her comments come days after France passed a law banning excessively thin models .
Today marks 81 years since the notorious 'Surgeon's Photograph', which claimed to show evidence of a monster living in Loch Ness, was published in the Daily Mail. To celebrate, Google has launched its latest Street View experience that lets you virtually explore both above and beneath the water in the iconic Scottish waterway. The tech giant has also released a Google Doodle to commemorate the anniversary and changed the yellow Pegman to a Nessie peg-monster. Google partnered with Catlin Seaview Survey and Adrian Shine .
Lesley Jonathon Cameron was jailed for life on Tuesday for the horrific December 2013 murder of Maureen Anne Horstman, 67, and her 26-year-old daughter Tamara Alexandra. Cameron, who was 19 and at the time, also raped Tamara but it is not known if she was alive or dead. A used condom with DNA evidence was found after incident.
Boston took a 6-5 lead in the 19th inning on Saturday morning on a sacrifice fly by Mookie Betts. Chase Headley and Mark Teixeira hit tying home runs for the Yankees in a game interrupted by a power outage for 16 minutes in the 12th. Fans used their cell phones to point at the field to help with the lack of light.
In 2012/13, the latest figures available, five practitioners were paid more than £500,000. They shared a total of about £3.4million - an average of £690,000 a year. Some dentists earn from multiple NHS contracts, as well as private.
Malawian police have been ordered to shoot anyone caught attacking albinos. Tanzania's prime minister has urged citizens to kill anyone found with albino body parts. Albino youngsters in Burundi are being housed in special accommodation under army protection. Body parts of those with albinism are prized in black magic and witchcraft .
The Russian supermodel, 29, split from her partner of five years, footballer Christiano Ronaldo, in January. But she looks anything but in the steamy new video and campaign for Linda Farrow eyewear  .
Rescue the Anorexia Girl was available to download on Amazon until they removed it following complaints. Gamers have to throw food at the girl who appears in one of nine holes before she disappears again. If the player misses the girl, she starts to lose weight until she eventually dies, prompting a string of complaints.
Ryanair and Aer Lingus have reignited their feud on Twitter. Ryanair shared a photo of two of its staff by an advertising banner in Terminal 2. Aer LingUS posted a cheeky photo in Terminal 1 at Dublin Airport.
Prince Abdul Malik, 31, has wed bride Dayangku Raabi'atul 'Adawiyyah Pengiran Haji Bolkiah, 22, in Brunei's capital, Bandar Seri Begawan. The enthronement ceremony took place in the lavish settings of 1,788-room palace, Istana Nural Iman.
Brett Matthew Paul Thomas, now 56, and his friend, Mark Titch, were convicted in 1977 after committing the murders during robbery or burglary attempts in Orange County. Thomas, who was 18 at the time, and Titch was 17, were both sentenced to life with the possibility of parole. Titch died behind bars last year at the age of 55. Thomas was denied parole and cannot reapply for seven years and will not be eligible for parole for 15 years.
Callum Ryan, 21, will run eight marathons in each of Australia’s eight states and territories between January and September 2015. The University of Sydney student is raising funds for HeartKids Australia - supporting thousands of children living with heart defects. Malachy Frawley died from heart disease in 2013 when he was just 14 years old. He was five years Callum's junior, but they forged a truly special friendship. Callum has never run a marathon before.
The search zone for missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 will be doubled if nothing is found in the huge undersea area now being scanned for wreckage. The expanded search will 'cover the entire highest probability area identified by expert analysis', Australian Deputy Prime Minister Warren Truss said. The search has focused on 60,000 square kilometres of deep ocean off the coast of Western Australia's west coast.
Pamela Clothier was admitted to hospital forcing her to leave her bungalow in Battle, Sussex. Her family were under the impression she planned to sell the house and allowed charity Age UK to clear it out. Her beloved dog Mitzy was also taken to a local animal sanctuary and later re-homed. Age UK has apologised and offered her an 'insulting' £1,000 compensation.
President Obama visited Jamaica on Thursday and became the first American president to visit the island nation since President Ronald Reagan in 1982. During his visit, he met world-class sprinter Usain Bolt and praised him saying that 'nobody's ever been faster than this guy' He then told Bolt 'Wait, wait should we get a pose here? Come on man show me' before the pair busted out in the sprinter's signature pose for cameras.
Omar Hussain, 27, from High Wycombe, first appeared in ISIS propaganda video urging West to send troops to fight ISIS. Now he has been promoting himself as an amateur Islamic thinker on social media. He has been writing advice on 'dealing with sisters and social media' .
David Cameron says three in five new jobs should be created outside London and the South East. He wants to prevent a ‘reckless’ economy booming in the capital. Latest figures show there are 2million more people in work than in 2010 and 2million by 2020.
Mark Reckless faces an uphill battle to hold on to his 2,920 majority in Rochester and Strood. The Tory MP defected to Ukip to trigger the Rochester by-election last November. Ukip has decided against publicising the figures.
'I really feel that you need to tone it down a little bit,' said kindergarten teacher Cheryl Meyer, 'if you want to become president of the United States' Christie was careful to choose his answer calmly as cameras rolled. 'There are always going to be differences of opinion in style,' he said before explaining, to applause, that he doesn't believe politely.
Contest held in the forests of the diamond-rich Sakha Republic is celebrated in the region as a way of recognising the best canine bear hunter. Dogs have to bark as loudly, and as menacingly, as they can with their cajoling scored out of 100 points .
Dame Helen Mirren, 69, believes she was in her prime age-wise in the 'unfortunate' 1970s. Says it was a 'horrible' time for women in that era. Speaking ahead of the release of her new film Woman In Gold.
J Lo's 2000 red carpet appearance set the web ablaze. It even caught the attention of Google executive, Eric Schmidt, who has revealed that the plunging dress was his inspiration for creating Google Images.
Daniel Davis says she looked to her faith when she was faced with the prospect of losing her husband Brian in 2011, just seven months after they were married. Doctors initially urged her to take him off life support. But she refused to give up and took him into her full time care. Weeks later, miraculously, Brian spoke the words 'I'm trying'
The man, believed to be mentally disturbed, was caught on video at Pearson International Airport in Ontario. Police said he was told he would not be allowed to board a Turkish Airlines flight. He was then Tasered while attempting to get on the plane anyway.
Created by artist Paul Erard in the Swiss city of La Chaux-de-Fonds, the petite pistol measures just two inches long. The gun currently holds the Guinness World Record for the smallest working revolver. It fires purpose-made bullets just 2.34mm in diameter - the smallest live ammunition ever created.
Sarah Stage, a 30-year-old underwear model and animal rights activist from Los Angeles, welcomed James Hunter into the world on Tuesday afternoon. Baby James weighed in at a healthy eight pounds, seven ounces and was 22 inches long .
Fireman Xu Weiguo grabbed the woman's arm just in time after police failed to talk her down. The woman had apparently been depressed after being dumped by her boyfriend. She was eventually bundled back through the window kicking and screaming .
The sky turned blood red for nearly an hour in Aershan city in Inner Mongolia on Wednesday. The sky came with a light misty drizzle which was mixed with a strange black mud-like residue. No one is quite sure what caused the bizarre red sky .
The New York Daily News claimed that Sharpton's family asked him to stay away to avoid a 'circus' of media attention. He has denied the report, saying it is 'bogus' and that he will attend the funeral on Saturday. He will also attend a vigil the day after the funeral in South Carolina.
Discovery is boost for finding alien organisms and suggests conditions that spawned life on Earth are not unique to our solar system. Radio telescope observations showed the disk surrounding the million-year-old star MWC 480 to be 'brimming' with molecules.
Naked bodies found in separate metal trunks in a public park in Haryana state, 30 miles south of New Delhi. Police said the man's legs had been chopped off and put inside the trunk. His partner was found wearing a set of glass bangles traditionally worn by newlywed women.
The bone was discovered during excavations ahead of a new pipeline in Landford, Essex. It was placed into a pit with a diameter of about three feet (one metre) and then backfilled with soil. Three radiocarbon dates, two from bone fragments and one from charcoal, have confirmed the remains are around 7,614 years old. The find is significant because it sheds light on early human society in Mesolithic Britain before the arrival of farming.
Random Darknet Shopper was designed as an online shopping system that spent up to $100 each week. It bought items on the 'dark net' - the part of the internet that does not show up in searches or social media. Swiss police 'arrested' it after it bought 10 Ecstasy tablets in a DVD case.
Obese people appear to be protected against dementia, with a risk around 30 per cent lower than those of healthy weight. Findings contradict many previous studies which have suggested being fat with a high Body Mass Index could raise risk.
Defence Minister Kevin Andrews was unable to name the leader of Islamic State on ABC's 7.30. Host Leigh Sales asked him to name Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, but he said he couldn't for 'operational reasons' Federal Government announced 330 Australian and 100 new Zealand troops would be sent to Iraq.
Braylon Robinson was playing at a house in Cleveland, Ohio, on Sunday when he was shot in the face. Another three-year-old boy, who has not been identified, found the gun and fired it after finding it unattended. Baby was rushed to hospital, where he was later pronounced dead, but it is unclear whether he was related to the boy.
Peter Fox, 26, was arrested at Euston Station in London this morning on suspicion of murders. His mother Bernadette, 57, and sister Sarah Fox, 27, were found dead half a mile apart in Bootle, Merseyside. Police said Mrs Fox died of asphyxiation, while her daughter was repeatedly stabbed. Family said they are 'absolutely devastated'
Doug Hughes made his initial appearance in U.S. District Court in Washington on Thursday. That's one day after he steered his tiny aircraft onto the Capitol's West Lawn after flying through restricted airspace around the National Mall. He was charged with operating an unregistered aircraft and violating national airspace. Hughes was released on his own recognizance afterward and instructed to check in weekly with authorities in Tampa starting next week. Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson said the copter 'apparently literally flew in under the radar'
Satellite images show the sandstorm sweeping across Saudi Arabia, Oman and the United Arab Emirates. It reached as far east as India and Pakistan over a period of seven days, causing traffic accidents and flight cancellations. Some locations were reduced to zero visibility, streets turned orange and schools were forced to close. Hundreds of flights were cancelled and breathing difficulties were reported .
Prime Minister and his wife joined worshippers at the Gravesend Gurdwara in Kent today. They briefly joined a parade carrying the Sikh holy book to the temple before Mr Cameron gave a speech. He told the audience the Vaisakhi festival was a 'big, bold' sign of their devotion. It comes just a day after he attended one of the largest gatherings of Christians in the UK - The Festival of Life in London  .
Footprints found at Ileret in Kenya are the oldest human footprints in the world. They were made by a species of early human that walked much like we do. The prints were left by Homo erectus - an extinct species of human that disappeared around 200,000 years ago. They are the strongest evidence yet that they were sophisticated hunters  .
Tens of thousands of Aussies are reportedly accessing foreign content via virtual private network (VPN) technology. HBO has warned users, who are watching shows such as Girls that will be cut off on April 21. Foxtel is charging Australians around $45 a month to access shows.
Heather Hironimus, who filed the complaint late Monday, is hoping a federal judge might intervene where state judges haven't. The complaint is repeating her claims that surgery on her 4-year-old son isn't necessary, that the boy doesn't want it, and that his constitutional rights are being violated. Aside from seeking to stop the procedure, she is trying to avoid her own arrest. Her arrest was ordered after she fled in February and ignored a judge's demand that she appear in court.
Corporal Christian Walmsley was found dead in his flat in Bolton wearing five war medals. Father-of-three had served in the First Gulf War, Bosnia, Angola and Northern Ireland in the Royal Engineers. Coroner records misadventure verdict at inquest into his death.
A planet needs to keep warm for liquid water to form, and without the sun, this heat would have to come from its interior. This is according to Sean Raymond, an astrophysicist with the Laboratoire d'Astrophysique de Bordeaux in France.
Mountain lion, known as P-22, found in crawl space of Los Feliz home on Monday. California Department of Fish and Wildlife tweeted 'the cougar has left the building' on Tuesday morning. Animal welfare workers tried to move the lion, but he was gone by the time they returned in the morning. The incident has created quite a media circus in the area .
Zara Phillips has revealed she was surprised at how difficult it was to regain her fitness after birth of Mia Grace. The 33-year-old has committed to a strict exercise and diet regime to get back in shape. The Queen's granddaughter is vying for a place on Team GB at 2016 Olympics.
The Live With Kelly & Michael co-host, who is usually seen smiling, wore a frown as she left her New York City apartment on Tuesday. Dr Fredric Brandt, 65, was found dead by suicide at his Miami mansion on Sunday. The former soap opera actress was dressed casually in a yellow sweater and jeans .
Would-be fighters are bringing the items across the border as they travel to join jihadi groups. One fighter posted a photo of a Burger King Whopper burger which he claimed had been snuck into Syria from Turkey .
New study by Mother Jones determined annual cost of gun violence in the US is over $229 billion. At least 750,000 Americans have been injured by guns over the last 10 years. The average cost to taxpayers for a single gun homicide in America is nearly $400,000. The yearly cost to send someone to prison for gun-related homicide is $414,000, according to the study .
Peggy Siegal said that the voting panel objected to having a British director paint their country in a bad light. She said that Steve McQueen would not win as the Academy did not want a dark message about the US to be 'sent around the world' The emails also reveal that a Hollywood blockbuster of Dr Who is in the works - but not for a few years.
Kingsley Burrell, 29, was taken into custody on March 27 2011 after calling police to say he was being threatened with a gun. He was sectioned under Mental Health Act and died four days later at Queen Elizabeth Hospital, Birmingham. Inquest heard he was handcuffed for six hours, wet himself, and was denied access to toilet. His sister said he was 'injected into his brain' and had three lumps on his forehead after arrest .
Scientists discovered a protein which helps boost the body’s immune system ten-fold. Protein promotes the production of immune cells called cytotoxic T-cells. They have the ability to detect cancerous cells, hunt them down and destroy.
The number of bottles of fake tan sold in 2014 fell by nearly a quarter (24.1 per cent) from the year before. Value of sales down by 19.3 per cent to £14.5million, according to Kantar Worldpanel.
Beatrice Tollman, founder of a luxury hotel chain, made donation of £20,000 to Tories earlier this month. She has previously been charged with conspiracy to evade millions of dollars in tax before charges dismissed. On same day in 2008 her husband Stanley Tollman pleaded guilty to tax evasion in the US .
Michelle, a 32-year-old mother who has asked for her surname not to be used, said the white van drove through a red light at about 2:30 p.m. on Tuesday and almost hit her vehicle. She followed the man and taped him after he swerved in and out of traffic while speeding on a stretch of road that has two school crossings and made rude hand gestures.
Camilla Parker-Bowles married the Prince of Wales 10 years ago today. The 67-year-old royal has become a much-loved member of the Royal Family. She is adored by her step-sons William and Harry and noticeably close to the Queen. Her success is due to her 'charm and charisma' .
The father of Dave Brockie, the late frontman of the eccentric heavy metal band GWAR, has sued his son's band mates, claiming they have stolen his son’s ashes, guitars and artwork. Brockie was found slumped in a chair at his Richmond, Virginia, home March 23, 2014. A medical examiner later determined that the 50-year-old musician died of accidental drug overdose. The lawsuit alleges that the surviving members of GWAR swiped Brockie's guitars, artwork, a gold record, tour souvenirs and even his ashes  .
Three-year-old William Tyrrell disappeared from his grandmother's house in Kendall, NSW last September. Police believe he may have been abducted by a paedophile ring when he was last seen in broad daylight. Detectives from the homicide squad and sex crime squad are 'vigorously perusing that line of inquiry' The news comes as the parents of the missing toddler have begged for his return in a heart-wrenching video. The distraught couple have also released new pictures and home videos of the boy in the hope new clues will emerge .
Prime Minister hails the work of the Church as a 'living, active force doing great works' for the poor and homeless. He said Easter was 'time to reflect on the part that Christianity plays in our national life' in his annual Easter message  .
Gavin Tobeck of Lacey, Washington suffered from a broken cheekbone, jaw and nose bridge, and needed sections of a rib to repair his eye sockets after the attack on April 1. The boy also lost five baby teeth and three permanent tooth buds. The family had adopted the one-and-a-half-year-old pit bull from a friend of their neighbor on March 16 and said there were no previous signs of aggression.
Jameela Jamil, 29, spent £3,000 on having all her amalgam fillings removed and replaced with white fillings. She was diagnosed with lupus, an auto-immune condition.
A New Zealand woman discovered a cockroach after taking three bites into her Big Mac burger. Annah Sophia Stevenson ordered the meal for herself and her three-year-old son Luca on Saturday. The mother of one took to her Facebook account to post the alarming discovery after her McDonald's meal .
Kyle Major, 14, punched father-of-two Paul Walker in the back of the head in the early hours of New Year's Day. Paul Walker, 52, was thought to be unconscious before his chin hit the ground and died shortly afterwards in hospital. Major was ordered to be detained for three years at Preston Crown Court.
Rose Byrne, Gracie Otto, Krey Boylan, Shannon Murphy and Jessica Carrerea have launched The Doll House Collective. The quintet will collaborate together on films, share ideas and creative advice. Byrne believes Sheryl Sandberg is a pioneer for women.
Shinjiro Kumagai is a 'mild mannered' clergyman at a local Buddhist temple in Kitakyushu, Japan. But after work he dresses up as iconic sci-fi TV hero Kamen Rider 1 and takes to the streets to lay down the law  .
Photographer Mark Kolbe travelled around Australia to meet the grandchildren, great-grandchildren, sons and daughters of just some of the brave members of the Australian armed forces who landed in Gallipoli nearly 100 years ago. Amongst the keepsakes held by the relatives are letters sent by soldiers informing their loved ones.
German firm Automatic Storage Device (ASD) and designer Wolfram Walter have created the Sonnenspeicher. It uses a lithium iron phosphate battery to store energy harvested during the day by solar panels. This energy is used throughout the day, and any excess is stored for when the sun goes down. Rather than selling this excess electricity back to the grid, homeowners can use this stored supply to power their home until the sun rises again. It features an intelligent management system that automatically controls the charging and discharging of the battery .
German photographer Dieter Klein travelled the world to find vintage cars left to crumble in leafy forests and fields. He came across a range of mysterious graveyards hosting all sorts of vehicles, including a rare Jaguar XK120, which, if restored, could be worth £82,000 .
The Park Hyatt New York recently hired First Lady Michelle Obama's favourite designer, Narcisco Rodriguez. JW Marriott Houston Downtown hired American designer, David Peck, for its recent uniform overhaul. The Shangri La Hotel in Toronto opted for local designer, Sunny Fong .
After more than two years of planning, 61-year-old Doug Hughes made it through restricted airspace and a no-fly zone in a gyrocopter Wednesday carrying 535 letters -- one for each member of Congress -- and landed the aircraft on the Capitol lawn. Hughes has since been released on his own recognizance and is allowed to return to Florida under certain conditions. The mailman has received support on both Facebook and Twitter.
Last month's average temperature of 56.4°F (13.6°C) was 1.5°F above the average for the 20th century. This was the highest for March in the 1880-2015 record, surpassing the previous record of 2010 by 0.09°F. NOAA scientist Jessica Blunden blames the heat on El Niño, climate change and human-caused blob.
The 19-year-old model says she is terrified that the effects of aging will stop her modelling career in its tracks. She claims to have eaten placenta, gone on fasts and put her body through detoxes.
The men were part of a group of five divers from the East Coast and San Francisco who rented a house on Caspar Cove 160 miles north of San Francisco to hunt for abalone. Witnesses said at least some of the men appeared to be inexperienced abalone divers who chose rough, choppy waters near several dangerous rock outcroppings to dive instead of soft beach.
Alaska Airlines Flight 448 bound for Los Angeles was forced to turn around and return to Seattle-Tacoma International Airport Monday when passengers heard banging and pleas for help coming from the cargo section. It was later revealed that the unnamed employee of airline contractor Menzies Aviation had dozed off inside the plane at the end of his shift and only awakened when it was in the air, about 14 minutes into the flight. The airline is investigating the situation .
Two 'unemployed rich kids' have caused outrage in China after causing major traffic accident. Green Lamborghini and red Ferrari are worth a combined total of £1.3million. Both drivers have been charged by the local Public Security Bureau with dangerous driving. Chinese internet users speculate the pair were 'drag racing'
The BBC's online game, Syrian Journey, often ends with refugees drowning in the Mediterranean or being sold to militia. Players choose a male or female character before attempting to flee Syria, either via Turkey or Egypt. Grim outcomes include being separated from your family by human traffickers, women being sold between militia groups, and refugees being beaten over the head and hurled into Mediterranean.
Chamali Fernando, candidate for Cambridge, was speaking at a hustings event last night. She said wearing wristbands indicating a person's condition would help doctors, lawyers and police. Ms Fernando's 'shocking' suggestion slammed by Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg, who said it would be 'dracon'
With the rouble in trouble, Russians are freezing at home, rather than sizzling in India's flop-in-the-sun western state. Goa has 11 hours of sunshine a day.
Ed Balls and Andy Burnham warn NHS 'cannot survive' another five years of Tories in government. Labour says there has been a 'dramatic decline in standards' in the past five years. Ambulance response times for most serious call-outs will rise to over nine minutes .
Brian Karl Brimager, 37, entered his plea on Friday after he was indicted by a federal grand jury in San Diego. He has been in custody since June 2013 on charges including obstruction of justice and falsifying records related to the investigation. Yvonne Lee Baldelli, 42, was last seen in September 2011 when she arrived in Panama. A man who was cutting bushes on the island province of Bocas del Toro found her remains in 2013.
Viv Nicholson, 79, became rich overnight when she scooped £152,319 in 1961 with her husband Keith. The win, on a football betting pool, would be worth up to £5million in today's money. The pair, from Castleford, West Yorkshire, splurged the cash on flash cars, designer clothes, holidays and partying. She passed away yesterday following a long battle with dementia .
Dr Fredric Brandt, 65, was found dead at his Miami mansion on Sunday by his housekeeper who called 911 at 9.17am. Dr Brandt was highly-regarded for his cosmetic work across the industry and worked with Kelly Ripa and Madonna and Stephanie Seymour. Columnist Lesley Abravanel told Daily Mail Online exclusively that sources close to the doctor said he had hanged himself at his home. She claimed he had been 'devastated' by unflattering comparisons to Dr Franff on Tina Fey’s new Netflix show, Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt. The doctor's longtime publicist Jacquie Tractenberg said the show 'was not the reason he would take his own life'
The unwitting admission from five-year-old Daniel, to be broadcast tonight, came as Mr Miliband yet again wheeled out his children for the cameras. It is the fourth time they have appeared on screen during the campaign – once for a BBC profile, again on ITV.
The 30-year-old lingerie model and animal rights activist from Los Angeles had come under fire during her pregnancy for posting a string of sexy selfies showing off her seemingly rock-hard abs. James Hunter was born at eight pounds and seven ounces.
Prince Harry arrived in Wuggubun, Western Australia, on Monday for a month-long secondment. He spent an hour-long break at the village during a training exercise with a Norforce unit. Local Barry Trust described the prince as 'a real delightful chap' and said he's considering moving there.
The radical left Syriza party says Germany owes Greece nearly 279billion euros, or £204billion. Greece suffered a brutal occupation at the hands of Adolf Hitler’s forces in 1941. More than 40,000 people are believed to have starved to death in Athens alone during the Third Reich occupation .
Lily Melrose is a fashion blogger who has 137,000 followers on Instagram. She has come up with 15 style hacks to transform your 2014 wardrobe into 2015 style. She shows you how to update your wardrobe without breaking the bank  .
The Whole Damn Farm is the creation of Sam Longhurst, head chef of Splendid Kitchen, Manchester. It contains two beef burgers, homemade bacon jam, 100g of ham chunks and a whole fried chicken thigh.
Singer-songwriter Don McLean's 16-page collection is expected to fetch up to $1.5million (£1,006,303) at auction today. It offers tantalising new details about the famous anthem, originally released in 1971. Original manuscript also reveals deleted verse about music being 'reborn' .
Brothers Jeff and Joey Stallings, both in their twenties, fell seriously ill earlier this month after smoking synthetic marijuana. They were hospitalized on April 6, within hours of each other, when they collapsed after taking 'bad batch' of drug. Suffered hallucinations, vomiting, night sweats and violent shaking and were put on life support. Fortunately, the pair rallied against the terrifying effects of the drug, and were able to return to home on April 13. But they are now facing serious - and in Jeff's case, permanent - medical issues. Now, their mother has appealed to others not to smoke the drug.
Thibaud Jean Leon Vallet, 24, and his cousin Jean Mickael Batrikian, 18, used a deodorant can and a lighter to set the marsupial alight in Rottnest Island on April 3. Both of the tourists pleaded guilty to animal cruelty at Fremantle Magistrate's Court on Friday and were fined $4000.
Illinois Rep. Luis Gutierrez is at the head of a group of representatives trying to help undocumented immigrants avoid deportations with what they have called the Family Defender Toolkit. The pamphlet includes a bilingual card that lists reasons a person should not be deported under expanded. Obama's policies. Critics of the pamphlet claim that the card is 'flaunting the law' and encourages a false sense of security .
Victoria Beckham posted a picture of her husband David sporting grey hairs in his beard. David is embracing his age with style, and he's not the only one. From old-school stars surfing the silver quiff to salt-and-peppered Hollywood hunks.
Researchers analysed medical records of nearly two million people for ten years. Those who were overweight (with a BMI of 25 to 29) had an 18% lower risk of dementia. Being underweight increased the dementia risk by 39%.
Teenager from Henan province in central China has been labelled 'too beautiful to look at' She has gained over 400,000 fans on her Weibo account - a hybrid of Twitter and Facebook. Plastic surgery has become increasingly popular in China in recent years .
Henthorn was charged with the murder of his second wife, Toni Bertolet, 51, last November and police have reopened their investigation into the suspicious death of his first wife, Lynn Rishell, some 20 years earlier. Henthorn named as the sole beneficiary in a string of lucrative life insurance policies totaling $500,000 on the death of first wife and $4.5million on death of second. His brother's wife, Grace, has opened up to say that the FBI told her about a secret $400,000 life insurance policy he had taken out on her, too  .
Milton Vieira Severiano, 32, dragged limp body of dancer Cicera Alves de Sena, 29, into garden of their apartment. He beat her 11 times before viciously punching her in the face another 10 times. He then shot her five times at pointblank range before stealing neighbour's car.
In 2014, the NHS handed out 404,500 prescriptions for suncream at a cost of £13million. Another 4.7million prescriptions for indigestion pills cost £29million and 1.4million for multi-vitamins. Other bathroom cabinet items routinely prescribed by GPs include Calpol, Vaseline, Strepsils and toothpaste .
Sharista Giles of Sweetwater, Tennessee, was driving home from a concert in December when a car accident sent her to the hospital with injuries so bad doctors believed she would never recover. The 20-year-old was five months pregnant when she went into the coma and a month later doctors were forced to deliver her son, who the family calls Baby L, early. Giles woke up on Wednesday after being in a coma for five months. She opened her eyes, and soon began following her father's movements around the room. Baby L is doing well but is still in the neonatal intensive care unit .
A group of anonymous artists erected a 4-foot-tall plaster bust of Edward Snowden in Brooklyn's Fort Greene Park early Monday morning. The artists spent six months and $30,000 creating the life-like effigy of the 31-year-old whistle-blower who has been living in exile in Moscow since 2013. The statue was removed from the top of a Revolutionary War memorial by the New York City Parks Department  .
Nicky Morgan ordered officials to start 'mapping the pressures' on state schools system. It comes less than six months after she told Ofsted it was not 'helpful' to warn of 'influx' of migrants. Immigration has played low-key role.
The family of eight-year-old Martin Richard, the youngest victim to lose his life in the April 15, 2013 attack, headed to Boylston Street to help unveil four large orange banners. Four orange signs each bearing a white heart and the word 'Boston' were placed at the site. The tragedy that took three lives and left more than 260 others injured took place two years ago.
The fast-casual chain removed carnitas pork burritos from roughly a third of its locations in January. It has been rotating its small supply of pork, of which it uses only pork shoulder, to different stores so that each location can have carnitas at least sometimes. The restaurant has also warned of possible shortages.
Brae Carnes of Victoria, British Columbia is protesting an amendment to a Canadian transgender rights bill that would allow business owners to decide whether or not to allow transgender individuals to use facilities corresponding to their gender. Carnes has begun posting photos of herself applying makeup and even changing in men's public restrooms. 'I’m actively showing them what it would look like if that became law and how completely ridiculous it is,' says Carnes. A bill to grant equal rights and protections to transgender individuals has been stuck.
Luigi Costa, 71, is accused of killing his elderly neighbour Terrence Freebody in July 2012. Forensic psychiatrist Professor Paul Mullen examined Costa after the attack and believes there was evidence of the accused's state of mind declining in the lead-up to the incident and also during the event. Professor Mullin told the court Costa's mood fluctuated .
Herminia Garcia, 53, charged with wilful neglect and being in country illegally for 20 years. Her daughter Blanca Cousins, 15, fell to her death from luxury apartment block in Hong Kong on Tuesday. Nick Cousins, 57, was also arrested on suspicion of 'ill treatment' but has not been charged .
Kevin Dixon, 35, took his friend's Akita-type dog for a walk to help her out after she suffered whiplash. He then hit the dog, called Tempa, seven times with an axe - killing the animal in the pitch black. Dixon was convicted of causing the dog unnecessary suffering and given a suspended prison sentence. He was also banned from keeping animals for 10 years by magistrates .
Joshua Vaughan, 17, was last seen standing on a platform at Chapeltown, Sheffield, on January 7. His 'on-off' girlfriend had sent his mother a message on Facebook saying he was going to end it. His mother called the police but by the time she got to the station, Joshua's body had already been found on the line, inquest heard  .
Scott Kemery, 44, was rushed by helicopter to Stony Brook University Hospital on Long Island with first and second degree burns. Police said that Kemery started the blaze with his ill-timed cigarette break in the parking lot of the King Kullen supermarket.
The surrender of Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee to Union Lt. Gen. Ulysses S. Grant 150 years ago on Thursday was a milestone event in the end of the Civil War. Lee's forces were in a state of growing disarray in the hours before Lee formally called it quits. The Union Army had already smashed their way into the Confederate capital of Richmond, Virginia days earlier that month, and had already crossed the Appomattox River.
Kelly Kreth, 44, told Dailymail.com that after having a traumatic encounter with a sociopath in her own life she became inspired to learn about the inner workings of a criminal mind. Six years and 600 prison letters later, Kreth says she's learned that a Sociath is a person 'who wants to feel like the smartest person in the room' 'They do it for the thrill,' she said, adding that she does not condone any of the perpetrators crimes. The list of killers Kreth interacted with include Michael Swango and Sarah Joe Pender.
Kimberly Waddell Macemore, 25, was sentenced on Tuesday to a total of not less than 12 months nor more than 34 months in prison. The sentence was suspended for 36 months and she was placed on supervised probation. She was a second year English teacher at West Wilkes High School when she was suspended without pay in 2014.
CCTV footage shows a man casually approach a white Range Rover parked outside a house in Woodford Green, north London. Within two seconds he opens the door without even using a key or smashing a window. He then sits in the car for another 30 seconds before starting the engine without a key.
Pensioner Alan Roberts wrote to Bournemouth Borough Council complaining about a lack of action over fly-tipping. He signed off email with: 'That's why I'll be voting Ukip' Ben Grower responded: 'As you now appear to be a supporter of a racist party please do not send me any further emails'
'The Diggers are Dole Bludgers' has attracted more than 360 likes since the page started in late January. The page claims that the Australian armed services promotes the thoughtless killing of innocent civilians. It claims that if the ANZAC's fought for freedom then the page exercises the right to freedom of speech .
Olive Fowler was caught by police at JFK airport on April 12 after taking a Caribbean Airlines flight from her hometown in Guyana, South America, to New York. Authorities said they spotted her 'sweating profusely' and 'avoiding eye contact with officers' so they decided to pull her aside to conduct a search. Fowler was found to be wearing one pair of black underwear and one white girdle .
University of East Anglia scientists have developed an adaptor for colour blindness. Eye2TV can be plugged into any HDMI port on a TV or a computer monitor. A remote control or app then adjusts the colour adjustment. It allows colour blind people to watch shows they otherwise couldn't.
The white female student, who has not been identified, was captured in a Snapchat photo detailing several 'reasons why USC WiFi blows' Her reasons included 'incompetent' professors, 'ratchets' and 'overpopulated campus' But at the top of the list was the word 'n*****s' Her actions were captured by a fellow student in a study room.
Jericho Scott, 16, was killed early on Sunday while he sat in a car in New Haven, Connecticut. His friend, Justin Compress, 20, was shot in the shoulder, hand and wrist but is in stable condition. The murder was the city's fourth homicide of 2015 and its first youth killing of the year. Scott became a star when he was told he couldn't pitch for his Little League team because he had a 40mph fastball at age nine  .
Box of Cadbury's Fingers will contain two fewer chocolate fingers from now on. They join Creme Eggs, PG Tips teabags and John West tuna in getting smaller. It's now so common, it's even got a name: 'shrinkflation' Consumer watchdog Which? reveals the trend .
Rihanna Cooper, 21, from Hull, hit the headlines when, at 16, she became the youngest person in Britain to be accepted for gender reassignment. But part way through her treatment, the stress of her transition from male to female became too much.
Elizabeth Sedway, 51, from Granite Hill, California, posted an emotional video on her Facebook page Monday showing her family being kicked off a packed plane. The married mother of two, who suffers from multiple myeloma - a rare form of plasma cancer - said the airline was concerned she might collapse during the eight-hour flight to San Jose, California. Alaska Airlines has refunded her family's airfare, which will be donated to research .
Charlie Adam's 66-yard strike against Chelsea will go down in history as one of Premier League's greatest ever. Midfielder belted it with his left foot after noticing Chelsea goalkeeper Thibaut Courtois well off his line. Striker has been compared to other legendary long-range strikes from David Beckham and Xabi Alonso.
Royal Commission into Institutional Responses to Child Sex Abuse in Rockhampton hears from alleged victims. Claims range from being raped by a broom handle to being forced to drink their own urine. A woman claims she was gang raped by employees and then had a child at 14 years of age. Retired nurse says she was punched, slapped, pulled by her hair and flogged with a skipping rope.
The pair allegedly worked as a team to manipulate the results of a full body scanner at Denver International Airport. The male TSA employee would then perform pat downs of the male passenger's genitals. The female employee was questioned and admitted she had taken part in the assaults a total of 11.
The Queen celebrates her 89th birthday today and continues to enjoy herself much as she always has. Last week, she was spotted at the Newbury Races cheering on her filly Ring of Truth. She is also a regular rider and is frequently spotted riding out in Windsor Great Park on her black Fell pony .
Kenyatta Leal is the first graduate of The Last Mile, the world’s only prison-based tech incubator. He was one of 15 prisoners selected from about 200 to undergo six months of intensive training with Silicon Valley entrepreneurs. The aim is for each to develop a business idea to embark on after their release as most struggle to find work 'on the outside' California has a 61 per cent rate of re-offending within the first years - the highest of any state in the US .
Jade and Ross Morley have welcomed twins into their family, making their son Floyd-Henry, who has Achondroplasia dwarfism, a big brother. The Morleys, from Casuarina on the north coast of NSW, released a video to explain Floyd's condition to their friends and family, in a bid to make their community a kinder place for their 'little legend' The Morley's aren't strangers to unexpected news, finding out when Floyd was only five months old that he had a rare genetic condition which meant he didn't grow as quickly as other kids. The twins were born on March 20 this year.
Stephanie Flanders made headlines last week after it emerged she had been 'secretly' dating Ed Miliband. In a brief message on Twitter yesterday she said: 'We “dated” fleetingly in 2004. Very costly few weeks it turns out’ .
Margaret Hesketh, 70, went to Royal Albert Edward Infirmary with an infected bed sore and suspected pneumonia. Family claim she was put on discredited Liverpool Care Pathway-style treatment for the dying. She had fluid and nutrition drips removed six days before she passed away six days later.
WARNING GRAPHIC CONTENT . Justin Whittington, 23, was arrested on Friday in Bakersfield, California, and charged with child cruelty after the video of the alleged abuse surfaced online. His charge was changed from 'cruelty' to 'endangerment' and his bail dropped from $1 million to $20,000. The relationship between the toddler and the man has not yet been revealed but the owner of Vest Market Harry Dindral said the man was the boy's father.
Andrea Dossena was arrested on suspicion of shoplifting at Harrods in Knightsbridge on Tuesday. The 33-year-old scored the winner against Real Madrid in the Champions League back in 2009. He now plays for League One strugglers Leyton Orient .
If your name is Nigel you are twice as likely as the general population to vote Ukip. The figure went up from 16 to 31 per cent among men named Nigel, research by YouGov found. Three names most likely to vote Tory were Charlotte, Fiona and Pauline.
Officer Michael Slager, 33, is charged with murder after opening fire on Walter Scott, 50, after reportedly stopping him over a broken tail light in North Charleston, South Carolina, on Saturday. His attorney Andy Savage said that Slager is housed in a room with one small window and does not have any interaction with other detainees at Charleston County jail. Slager's mother is expected to visit her son Friday for the first time since the shooting, according to reports .
The incident took place on Friday when the 38-year-old was struck by a car while walking in the residential parking garage of the Shangri-La hotel, but he was left uninjured. The Vancouver-born actor, who is married to actress Blake Lively, has been in the city for weeks as he shoots scenes for his new film Deadpool, was not injured in the incident .
Tumblr blog has come to the rescue with hundreds of interesting facts to kickstart a chat. Cartoons include: 'Tall men marry earlier but short men stay married longer' and 'Redheads have less hair than everyone else' .
According to a recent poll, nine out of ten people feel stressed if their phone battery run out. Sir James Dyson, inventor of Dyson hoovers, is attempting to solve the problem by investing £10 million in U.S.-based battery experts Sakti3.
Emma Watson turned 25 yesterday. The Harry Potter star has starred in 17 feature films and two fashion campaigns. The actress has also had a role as a UN Ambassador and an estimated £19m salary. FEMAIL charts her 14 years .
The Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute in New York has pushed back its planned screening of the controversial Iraq war film. It said it will still show the Oscar-nominated movie but with an educational forum follow-up to allow students to discuss the film. Students have said the postponement was an act of censorship.
The car, which was carrying 12, crashed when a blown tire caused the 2006 Ford Expedition to overturn Saturday in Martin County, on central Florida's Atlantic Coast. Authorities say Uriel Miranda died at the scene and his 2-year-old daughter Yaretsi Miranda died Saturday evening at a hospital.
Nurse Joanna Flynn, 50, charged with manslaughter after allegedly turning off patient's life support. Former nurse at Georgian Bay General Hospital in Ontario charged with criminal negligence causing death. Husband of Deanna Leblanc, 39, who died at the hospital, said she was the alleged victim  .
Tewksbury Police Department came under attack by hackers who encrypted files using a malware program called CryptoLocker. Only files that were not corrupted were 18 months old, so cops were left paying the ransom in the untraceable digital currency .
Lucy Gransbury wrote a two-page letter to her noisy neighbours complaining about their hard-partying ways. She dropped a thank you letter and gifts over the fence because she was 'too scared' to knock on their door. Jershon Witehira posted an equally cheeky reply on his Facebook page opening with 'My dearest Lucy' . He apologised for the music festivals and comedy galas and said only the deaf and 'those buried in the cemetery' would have any concerns with the noise .
Tokyo's Narita Airport has installed running tracks in its new Terminal 3 in honour of the 2020 Olympics. The newly-opened terminal will be used for many of the city's low-cost carrier departures and arrivals .
Digby the chihuahua was abandoned on the street next to a set of bins in North London last week. He was rescued by the RSPCA and taken to a centre in Hertfordshire where he became inseparable with 9st mastiff Nero, who is 120 times his size.
The USS Independence is resting 800m underwater off California's Farallon Islands with its hull and deck very well preserved. There also appears to be a plane in the hangar bay of the vessel, scientists said on Thursday. The aircraft carrier survived an atomic bomb test after being chosen as a 'target vessel' for Operation Crossroads in 1946. It was decommissioned in August 1946 before its highly radioactive hull was taken to San Francisco five years later. Controversy surrounds its sinking as some believe it contaminated wildlife.
Brendan Rodgers fined for leaving a house he rented out in Accrington to rot. Liverpool boss ordered to pay £400 and £375 costs at Blackburn magistrates' court. Rodgers and business partner Judith O'Hagan were found guilty of ignoring an improvement notice issued by Hyndburn Council.
Samantha Cameron revealed her love of alternative group Poliça this week. The American band are inspired by a radical feminist who described pregnancy as ‘barbaric’. Their songs feature violent imagery and the video for the first single depicts androgynous singer Channy Leaneagh subjecting assault.
Henry Howes narrowly failed to pick up a Despicable Me toy at the Snowdome in Tamworth, Staffordshire. Four-year-old put his hand inside the machine's hatch but slipped under the trap door and was stuck inside.
Simple and sensible tricks recommended by a professional florist can prolong the life of your blooms. From spraying them in hairspray to keeping them far away from fruit and electricals, you can make your flowers last.
Michael Munday has taken to social media to post love notes dedicated to his ex-girlfriend Melissa. The Sydney man has posted 135 tweets about his ex and has about 23k followers. Mr Munday says by gaining retweets, 'likes' on his Facebook page and using hashtags it will prove love.
Dr Unt Tun Maung, 43, was working as a locum GP when he assaulted the patient during a routine examination. Father-of-one, of Chester-le-Street, County Durham, had spent 12 years working in the NHS but has now lost everything because of a 'moment of madness' He was jailed for 18 months at Durham Crown Court .
Study analysed DNA from 21,566 men convicted of sex offences in Sweden between 1973 and 2009. Sons and brothers of convicted sex offenders were four to five times more likely to be convicted. In only 2% of cases could this familial connection be explained by shared environmental factors. This can include social or environmental aspects of their upbringing that siblings would have experienced together.
Kim Rose is being investigated by police over claims he tried to 'corruptly influence' voters. Electoral Commission rules state food and entertainment cannot be provided by candidates if intended to influence votes. Mr Rose, 57, branded police involvement as 'absolutely ridiculous' and said voters unlikely to 'change their mind' .
Kim Kardashian and husband Kanye West visited the site of Jesus Christ's crucifixion in Jerusalem's Old City on Monday. They visited Armenian church St James Cathedral in order to baptise their daughter North. Kim took to Instagram to share a couple of pictures from inside the 12th century holy building .
The 44-year-old man had just returned from Algeria and wanted to complain about the weather. He tried to lodge an official complaint at the Great Manchester Police Chadderton division. Police tweeted a warning that members of the public should not waste time.
Lufthansa organised special flights for victims' families after March 24 crash in French Alps. Woman flew to the region twice after falsely claiming to be one of deceased teacher's cousins. Police are investigating possible fraud and the alleged culprit will be questioned. All 150 people on board the doomed flight were killed in the crash in the French Alps .
Jared Quirk, 18, died on Friday in Athens, Greece, after falling to the ground while walking with friends. It was the third day of a trip to Greece with classmates from Rockland High School in Massachusetts. He is the third student at the school to die in six months, after Joshua Rose and Patrick Sullivan, both 17, also died in October .
Angela Morales has anencephaly, a birth defect in which babies are born without parts of their brain and skull. Sonia and Rony Morales decided to 'keep her no matter what' when she was born.
Leaked memo from Apple's Angela Ahrendts said customers won't be able to buy an Apple Watch in store 'through the month of May' Due to 'high global interest combined with our initial supply' Watch was expected to launch on 24 April but was pushed back to June.
Michael Gove admits Tories could cut child benefit or stop millions of families receiving it. Former education secretary said he could not rule out further cuts to child benefit to reduce deficit. George Osborne last month refused to rule out cuts if Conservatives win second term.
Officials in Buzim, north west Bosnia said their home should be known as the 'Town of Twins' Local journalist Nedzib Vucelj noticed the phenomenon when his wife Emira gave birth to twins during the 1992-95 civil war. Some experts believe the phenomenon could be genetic.
Tilly was held by her tail and dangled in bathwater when RSPCA inspectors found her. Teenager said he was 'accidentally' high on 'white rhino' - super-strength cannabis - and was egged on by friends.
Up to 120,000 Britons have laser eye surgery each year to correct long and short-sightedness. Most operations are done privately, with patients paying up to £5,000 to have both eyes corrected .
Mohammed Khubaib, originally from Pakistan, befriended girls and 'hooked' them with alcohol to make them 'compliant' to advances. The 43-year-old married businessman would pursue interest 'away from his home and family' in Peterborough. Father of five groomed vulnerable under-age girls by giving them money, gifts or cigarettes. Convicted of child sex offences under Operation Erle.
The video depicts the 918 Spyder clocking 350km/h as it rockets down a dead-straight stretch of road on the Stuart Highway, north of Alice Springs. The car was driven by New Zealand professional race car driver Craig Baird, who switches the vehicle into ‘Race Hybrid’ and slams his foot on the throttle.
Stephanie Scott's remains have been transported to Glebe Morgue in Sydney for an autopsy. Coroner Michael Barnes has ordered that an autopsy be carried out this week. The 26-year-old Leeton High School teacher was allegedly murdered and dumped in bushland. Vincent Stanford, 24, was charged with Ms Scott's murder on Thursday. Police will reportedly make inquiries with authorities in the Netherlands to run a background check on the accused killer .
The video was captured at Whipsnade Zoo, near Dunstable in Bedfordshire. The baby elephant can be seen walking alongside its herd, which travel in a single file line.
The items from the collection of 'dean of American crafts' Allen Eaton were slated for public auction on Friday at the Rago Auction House in Lambertville, New Jersey. Thousands of Japanese-Americans, groups and sympathizers posted their opposition to the sale on social media and the auction house's Facebook page. The auction was halted thanks, in part, to the efforts of Star Trek actor George Takei.
The notice has been fixed outside a university building in Portugal Place in Cambridge. It warns that bikes will be 'removed or destroyed' if they are left behind a building. But one expert says the message contains grammatical errors and is 'very amusing' .
Spain's Queen Letizia, 42, attended the Woman Awards at Madrid Casino last night. The mother-of-two wore a backless sequinned cocktail dress with a sharply defined back. She presented Mexican actress Salma Hayek with an award .
Aldi has increased its share of the premium ale market by a third stealing customers away from Tesco. Tesco still has the biggest share but Aldi is luring customers away with smaller range and cheaper prices. Discounter has also increased wine sales by 24%.
Schieffer was speaking to students at an annual symposium that bears his name at Texas Christian University's Schieffer School of Journalism in Fort Worth, his alma mater. He began at the political affairs show 'Face the Nation' in 1991, asking direct questions to politicians in a Texas twang. CNN's Jake Tapper and The Drudge Report's Matt Drudge were also among those who paid tribute to the veteran newsman on Twitter. He survived bladder cancer about a decade ago, a brush with mortality.
The clip shows Nancy Kanwisher, a professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, chopping at her shoulder-length bob. A graduate student then uses an electronic razor to shave the rest of the hair off.
Female jihadis are shown practising with machine guns and learning how to march as a unit in Syria. All of the women are fully veiled, making it hard to identify individuals but it is possible the group may be linked to Islamic State. They are shown shouting jihad slogans and attempting to use their AK 47 rifles.
Grace Rebecca Mann, 20, was found unconscious by two female roommates in the home they shared in Fredericksburg, Virginia, about 3pm on Friday. The fourth roommate of the house, Steven Vander Briel, 30, was home when the two women stumbled upon the body. Mann was rushed to Mary Washington Hospital, but pronounced dead shortly after arriving. Briel was arrested two hours later in a church parking lot. Police have charged Briel with first-degree murder and abduction  .
Mohammed Emwazi planned to join al-Shabaab in Africa before going to Syria, it has been reported. He changed his mind after two of his friends were killed amid accusations they were set up by rival group. Syrian source says Emwaz was obsessed with al- Shabaab and constantly spoke about fighting in Somalia. Emwzi became synonymous with ISIS after becoming synonymous with beheading videos posted online .
Newington College in Sydney's inner west is the latest prestigious private school to be hit by historic child sex abuse allegations. Headmaster David Mulford notified parents and students of the allegations in an email sent out on Monday. He said the case referred to alleged incidents from more than 35 years ago and asked anyone with grievances to come forward. Police have made no links.
Mike and Susan Fortuna, of Shelburne, Vermont, are accusing Allergan of failing to warn of dangers, negligence and breach of the Vermont Consumer Fraud Act in treating their daughter, Mandy. The last set of injections occurred in September 2014.
Mackenzie Moretter, of Shakopee, Minnesota, has a rare genetic disorder called Sotos Syndrome that has delayed her development, which makes it hard for her to socialize. Her parents had sent out invitations to several of her fourth grade classmates, but all but a neighbor and a cousin had canceled or did not RSVP. So Mackenzie's mother went on Facebook and posted in groups asking families with girls her age to celebrate.
French photographer Floriane de Lassee spots movement in the standstill of the night - she finds lone beating hearts who still have the light on when everyone else is sleeping. Her images show the moment vast cityscapes collide with sole protagonists, resting on balconies and offices.
Richard Graham faces contempt of court proceedings if he fails to obey High Court order. Old Etonian former diplomat accused of posting tweets to 'ingratiate himself' with voters. Zac Evans, 19, was killed in a machete attack outside pub .
The research, carried out in Milan, backs up tests carried out by the charity Medical Detection Dogs. Its co-founder Dr Claire Guest hailed the findings as 'spectacular' Prostate cancer is the most common cancer in men in the UK .
Teresa Swarbrick died on April 8 after reportedly getting into trouble in the water near Julian Rocks off the coast of Byron Bay in NSW. The mother of two, from Western Sydney, was caught in strong currents and lost consciousness before being pulled from the water. Lifeguards and paramedics were unable to revive her with CPR and her funeral will be Friday.
Five people have died since vigilantes started looting and attacking shops owned by immigrants. Police fired stun grenades and rubber bullets as immigrant gangs confronted the vigilantes in Johannesburg. More than 200 immigrants had to take refuge in a police station and dozens of businesses were closed. Violence flared days after Zulu King Goodwill Zwelithini said foreigners should 'take their bags and go' President Zuma condemned the violence as a 'violation' .
Claims were made by KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo during a note to investors on Tuesday. He said the next-generation iPhone will feature Force Touch, recently added to the Apple Watch and new MacBook. Force Touch recognises typical scrolling and pinching gestures, but additionally tracks the pressure of a click. This means gestures and tracking feel more intuitive and are more responsive. It follows recent rumours which suggested a 4-inch version of the iPhone 6 is in development to replace the iPhone 5C .
Rebecca Sedwick leaped to her death from the roof of an abandoned concrete plant in Lakeland, Florida in September 2013. The following month, the Polk County Sheriff's Office said she likely killed herself following 'malicious harassment' from two schoolmates, Katelyn Roman, 12, and Guadalupe Shaw, 13. Both girls were arrested on charges of aggravated stalking and the sheriff's office distributed their names and mug shots. But the charges were dropped when police were unable to find any evidence of harassment. One of the girls has now filed a lawsuit.
Palaeontologists at the University of Alberta examined a pair of fossils found in Mongolia. One is a complete skeleton, while the other is missing the middle and end of its tail. They found signs of sexual dimorphism in the length and shape of blade-like bones called chevrons, which point downwards from the vertebrae near the base of the tail. Male oviraptorosaurs shook their tail feathers to woo potential mates .
WARNING: GRAPHIC CONTENT CONTENT. Three men accused of being agents of the Syrian government have been executed in new video. The men are forced to kne in the middle of a dusty road in Deir ez-Zor, Syria, before being beheaded. Comes just one day after the extremist group beheaded Ethiopian Christians in Libya.
Miss Wendy's false mouth trick stunned judges on Saturday's episode of Britain's Got Talent. But viewers at home questioned the effect of the 'cruel' stunt on the dog. Ofcom received 21 complaints and ITV received a further 35 over the act. RSPCA said it would be contacting Britain’s Got Talent ‘to ascertain what methods were used’ in the performance .
Claudetteia Love, a senior and one of the top students at Carroll High in Monroe, Louisiana, said she was planning on going to the prom without a date and with a group of friends. Principal Patrick Taylor told Love that the decision was dress-code related and that she shouldn't take it personally.
Noelle Reno, 31, broke her silence almost four months to the day since Scot Young's death. She confirms she had split up with her partner of five years before he fell out of her window. In a move bound to spark further controversy she also labels his death a 'suicide' - pre-empting any coroner's verdict .
People with rapid eye movement sleep behaviour disorder (RBD) move around in their sleep and 'act out' their dreams. Up to 90 per cent of people with RBD will develop Parkinson's disease or another neurological condition. RBD is not curable, but it can be treated with high doses of sleep aid or low doses of the anti-anxiety drug.
Preston Wright, 23, killed his girlfriend, Sarah Owen, 21, after he stabbed her several times with a knife. He then turned the weapon on himself at a house in Norman, Oklahoma. Owen arrived at the house and was attempting to move her things out of a garage when the argument escalated .
Two robbers used a sledgehammer and an axe to try and break into a jewellery shop. They were foiled by a brave employee who barricaded the door.
Myanmar's newly-built capital city, Naypyidaw, is shrouded in secrecy. The city was developed to be the size of 120 Manhattans and has space for up to one million residents. Built mainly for government staff, the streets are barren.
Sidonie, a well-known Spanish band from Catalonia, sang an impromptu song aboard a Ryanair flight. The group composed the tune after experiencing a 'lack of respect' from flight attendants. Some passengers even join in and sing or clap along with the lyrics .
Julie Walters, 49, has been jailed for two and a half years for three counts of burglary . She posed as a council warden and a church official to dupe elderly victims out of cash . Walters was caught by police after she was spotted on CCTV loitering in a retirement property near to the Old Trafford football ground in Manchester .
The A-listers have tried-and-tested techniques when it comes to getting dressed and they all follow simple styling hacks. FEMAIL has pulled together the simple but effective celebrity-favoured styling tips you can employ to make the most of your figure.
Holidaymakers had gathered to watch cannonball fired from wooden trebuchet at Warwick Castle during display. Sparks from cannonball ignited roof of medieval boathouse, causing it to erupt into flames at 5.45pm yesterday. Fire forced hundreds of tourists to be evacuated from the castle grounds in Warwickshire. Warwick Castle said attraction remains open today despite the incident .
Air Malta passenger jet flew in the shape of two giant hearts shortly after takeoff. The Airbus A319 flew two circuits around Malta, with final section skirting the Italian coast. The special flight was to celebrate the wedding of two of its crew.
Surveillance footage shows 40-year-old Todd Phillips being struck at full speed during Sunday's inaugural Indy Grand Prix of Louisiana. As the Dale Coyne Racing team chief mechanic is hit on the leg by the back end of the vehicle he flips forwards and performs a somersault before co-workers rush over to check him.
A surge in jellyfish numbers has moved tourism group Stay In Cornwall to reassure swimmers. Not all jellyfish found off UK beaches can sting humans, and for the majority of cases, stings are mild or easily treated.
Puren was youngest brother of the final Qing monarch Puyi, who ruled for four years until 1912. The 96-year-old died on Friday after being taken to hospital with pneumonia in February. He had been suffering from poor health.
Kate shared anecdote during party to celebrate the 105th birthday of the Goring Hotel in London. She stayed in the luxury hotel the night before her wedding to William in 2011. Prince William had left pregnant Kate in London .
Mikaela Jane Davidson was born April 4, less than three months after her father, Dr. Michael Davidson, was shot dead at Boston's Brigham and Women's Hospital. Dr Davidson, 44, was killed by Stephen Pasceri, 55, on January 20, leaving behind his wife, Terri Halperin, and two daughters, aged 10 and 9, and a son, 2. The gunman, a married father-of-four, took his own life.
Hamza Parvez, 22, travelled to Syria in May 2014, telling his parent he was going to Germany. He has been living with a group of unmarried fighters in Raqqa, Syria, for the past six months. All of his friends appear to be struggling with life as a bachelor .
Around 1.3 billion Chinese people marked the Qingming Festival, a three-day holiday in China, by watching parades and travelling home. Record-breaking 36.5 million passenger trips were made over the weekend and public holiday - up 5.8 per cent on last year.
Shadow Welsh secretary Owen Smith has expressed regret that the party cannot ‘get rid’ of the Trident nuclear deterrent. Around three quarters of Labour candidates back scrapping Trident, which preserves a round-the-clock protection at sea in case of a nuclear strike.
Labour has jumped to 35 per cent, up one point from last month, according to Ipsos MORI poll. Tories remain stuck on 33 per cent with just 21 days to go until polling day. Only a third of the public see Miliband as a 'capable leader' while just a quarter think he would be 'good in crisis'
HBO has launched its HBO NOW channel on the Apple TV set-top box, iPhone and iPad. The service is available in the US for $14.99 (£9.90) a month and includes all past, present and future HBO programming. It comes as Apple is believed to be preparing a new version of the TV box that can run apps for a June launch  .
Barack Obama made an unscheduled stop at the Bob Marley museum while on an official visit to Jamaica. The building was home to Marley until his death in 1981 and was converted into a museum by his family .
Model Chrissy Teigen posted a picture of her stretch marks to Instagram showing them off. Singer Pink hit back at critics who fat shamed her for an outfit she wore to a charity event. Kelly Clarkson recently spoke out about being bullied about her weight.
The asylum seekers were intercepted earlier in April, and are being returned through the port of Vung Tau, south of Ho Chi Minh City. The HMAS Choules, a navy landing ship, would cost $2.8 million to operate for the two-week return journey to Vietnam.
Liam Dawe, 21, was born a healthy child but suffered serious and on-going health complications. He died at Derriford Hospital in Plymouth, Devon, in March last year from 'intra-abdominal sepsis' Coroner said: 'On the balance of probability, he died earlier than expected'
Former Virginia Gov. Bob McDonnell made the argument in a 54-page brief in the 4th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals. A three-judge panel of the court will conduct a hearing on his appeal of his public corruption convictions on May 12. McDonnell and his wife, Maureen, were convicted in a joint trial in September of accepting more than $165,000 in gifts and loans from former Star Scientific Inc. CEO Jonnie Williams.
Anti-Islam protesters clashed with anti-racism activists in Melbourne yesterday. Police were forced to separate the groups after clashes turned ugly and several people were injured. 16 rallies were scheduled to take place across Australia, but Sydney and Melbourne drew the biggest crowds. The protests came as companies seeking to label their foods halal must pay fees to Islamic organisations for inspection and certification of food products  .
Remy Dufrene, 3, of Raceland, Louisiana, was in the kitchen with his grandmother when he ran out the back door as she was pouring him a glass of milk. The old woman tried to chase after the young boy, but soon after there was a loud scream as he fell into the drainage ditch. His father searched for the boy's body but it took him 15 minutes to find his son. Emergency workers spent almost an hour trying to resuscitate him.
Queen's staff will take industrial action for the first time in history over 'ridiculously low' wages. Wardens at Windsor Castle say they are expected to carry out extra duties for no extra money. Union chiefs claim workers earn as little as £14,700 despite working for the 'country's richest family' .
Crowds met this afternoon as part of the annual '420' event - a global celebration of cannabis. Four officers took down and restrained a tracksuit-wearing man near the entrance to the park. Thousands of campaigners were seen sitting on the grass openly smoking marijuana and listening to speakers.
More than half the members of a group of 28 industrialised nations reduced their aid budget. Britain increased its spend by 1.2 per cent to £11.7billion in 2014. The UK's aid budget is now nearly double France's and Spain.
The 40-year-old's son Cooper Blue and daughter Kingsley Rainbow were born on Monday via a surrogate. Dylan and her husband Paul Arrouet confirmed to People that they 'are celebrating the birth of their twins' on Wednesday afternoon  .
Tanguy Pepiot, a steeplechase runner for the University of Oregon, had a clear lead on his rival Meron Simon, who competes for University of Washington. But the distance evaporated after Pepiot raised his hands in pre-emptive joy, with less than 100m.
Between Friday and Sunday 5,629 migrants were picked up in the Sicilian Channel. Italy is the first port of call for migrants seeking new lives in Europe. 160,000 made the journey last year, often on unseaworthy and overcrowded vessels. Nine bodies recovered after boat capsized.
Festival-goers at Coachella are at risk of catching diseases like Norovirus, hepatitis A, and Shigellosis. Medical experts warn that festival-goers should wash their hands before eating and drink plenty of water.
Google Wallet says it has changed its policy when storing users' funds as they will now be federally-insured. The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation insures funds for banking institutions up to $250,000. Google Wallet, along with PayPal and Venmo, is not legally required to be insured.
Foreign-born blacks made up just 3.1 per cent of the black population in 1980, but made up 8.7 per cent in 2013. Most of the immigrants are from Jamaica and Haiti, while 36 per cent come from Africa, according to the Pew Research Center.
Lawyers have warned differences in defamation law in Northern Ireland mean HBO's 'Going Clear' might not be broadcast by Sky Atlantic. The Alex Gibney-directed film alleges abusive practices at the religion's US headquarters. It was due to premiere in the UK earlier this month to coincide with its American release this month .
Esher and Walton is home to Gary Lineker, Frank Lampard, Mick Hucknall and Chris Tarrant. Average annual income is £59,600 - more than £30,000 above the average gross annual salary. Other top five highest income tax-paying constituencies include Chesham and Amersham, Windsor, Beaconsfield and Windsor .
Iraqi forensic teams began excavating 12 mass graves today on Saddam Hussein's presidential compound. They are believed to be the final resting place of as many as 1,700 soldiers killed by ISIS last summer. The soldiers were slaughtered by Sunni militants for the 'crime' of being Shi'ite. Families have been left wondering what became of them.
Jackson Byrnes was diagnosed with a stage four brain tumour three weeks ago. The 18-year-old Casino teenager was told it was too deep and aggressive to be operated on. His family took matters into their own hands and found the only Australian neurosurgeon to perform the risky operation. After nine days of campaigning online, the Casino teenager is just under $4,000 away from his target .
Afzal Khan is accused of conning a string of customers and financial firms at a motor dealership he ran in the US. Federal agents hunting the 32-year-old, originally from Edinburgh, fear he may have fled the country. One financial institution is said to have lost $1.6million from its dealings with him.
Nicolas Diaz, 81, allegedly stabbed ex-boyfriend Kevin Rivera, 21, at their home in Brooklyn, New York. He allegedly intervened after couple started arguing following daughter's first birthday party on Sunday. When medics arrived, they found Mr Rivera with a chest wound and pronounced dead at hospital. Diaz has since been charged with manslaughter and criminal possession of weapon.
Police powerless to act because age of criminal responsibility in England is ten. Girl's mother says school officials refused to remove boy from her daughter's class. She says she has now been forced to move her daughter to a new school in Blackburn, Lancashire.
European Court of Human Rights ruled Russia did not breach father's right to family life. Robert Muradeli, 45, had never committed a crime or any other offence more serious than traffic violations. He was deported in 2011 for breaking immigration laws even though he went to live in Russia more than 20 years ago .
Jennie Anne Kehlet, 49, and Raymond Keith Kehlets, 47, were last seen on March 22 in remote bushland in Western Australia. The couple are understood to be amateur prospectors and had set up a well-stocked campsite. Police are searching disused mine shafts up to 20 metres deep for the couple.
Timothy Norris-Jones, 59, left his mother with bruises on her face and a cut on her right wrist that needed stitches. He told police the injuries were caused when she fell and said he had accidentally 'caught her face' He was arrested after the victim's carer returned home and called the police. Judge Noel Lucas branded the attack 'horrific' at Guildford Crown Court.
Raheem Sterling filmed apparently inhaling nitrous oxide - also known as 'hippy crack' Drugs charity Re-Solv has called on 'role model' player to condemn use of the drug. It comes days after he was pictured puffing on a shisha pipe.
South Carolina state trooper Sean Groubert, 31, shot Levar Jones, 36, during a traffic stop last September. Mr Jones was unarmed and had his back to the officer when he was shot in the stomach. The horrifying incident was captured on the officer's dash cam and has led to the policeman being fired and charged with felony assault. The victim, who has no criminal record, said the horror of his own shooting was brought home by the death of Walter Scott, who was killed by police officer Michael Slager.
Kim Copeland, 52, was walking home from her local Sainsbury's in Coventry when she threw cigarette butt. Two council officers came 'sprinting' towards her to say she had committed a criminal offence. She was issued with a £50 fixed penalty notice but refused to pay it within ten days in protest at how she was treated.
New York Governor Andrew Cuomo said Friday that 'Spice', also known as 'K2' or 'Mojo', is sweeping the city, with 160 people admitted to hospital in the nine days from April 8. Over 120 of those people were admitted to Emergency Rooms in the same week. 'Synthetic drugs are anything but harmless, and this rash of severe health emergencies across the state is direct proof,' he said. Last year, California teenager Connor Eckhardt, 19, died after smoking one hit and slipped into a coma after falling asleep after taking the drug.
More than half of UK children don't have any veg, and 44 per cent have no fruit on a daily basis. Annabel Karmel shares her tips on how to make children love eating vegetables. She says parents should keep trying out new ideas.
Director of Public Prosecutions Alison Saunders faces growing calls to stand down. Campaigners, police and MPs accuse her of ignoring rights of victims and failing to clear speculation of cover-up. Decision not to charge Lord Janner last week despite evidence of 22 offences against nine victims was justified because of his poor health .
Sources told the Wall Street Journal that the four-man team spends its days devising and testing different technologies from the flexible to the wearable. Google has been working on similar projects since 2012 when former Apple battery expert Dr Ramesh Bhardwaj began leading a testing team. Last month, Apple began recruiting for experts to help boost the battery across its range of mobiles and laptops   .
Culture and Media Secretary Sajid Javid is setting out plans to shield youngsters from easy access to hardcore online pornography. He promised legislation to force distributors to put effective age verification technology in place. If porn websites fail to comply, they will be blocked .
Brand lables Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran's efforts to smuggle 8kg of heroin out of Indonesia as 'daft' He urges his nine million Twitter followers to sign up to the petition in a desperate bid to spare their lives. Brand said the Australians have already done a decade behind bars and did not deserve to face a firing squad. He also encouraged his fans to attend an exhibition of Sukumara's work organised by his cousin today .
Oxford University women's rowing team beat Cambridge for the third time running. Women's race has been held since 1927 further up river at Henley. Team captain Anastasia Chitty said it was 'humbling'
Brittany Cherokee Dawn Bell of Bartlesville, Oklahoma, was charged with child neglect after the death of her three-month-old daughter. The baby was found on the floor of the roach infested apartment with bites on her legs and head. Bell's initial story was that she had put the baby in a crib and then found her dead later on.
Dutch and Canadian scientists asked nearly 100 men and women to fill in a questionnaire. About a fifth of the 1,000 meetings recorded took place over a meal. Participants felt happier and more relaxed .
The high-flyer and close ally of Nick Clegg is on course to lose his seat to the Scottish nationalists. He would be one of the highest-profile casualties of the SNP surge which is set to take the seats of Scotland.
Francis Pusok, 30, is seen falling off horse he was suspected of stealing after chase through California desert. Seconds later, two deputies stun him with Tasers, before beating him with fists and feet. As camera keeps rolling, officers apparently kick suspect in head and crotch, before other deputies arrive. Two deputies taken to hospital for injuries, including abrasions, back and back by the horse. Now, San Bernardino County Sheriff John McMahon has placed 10 deputies on paid administrative leave for their alleged roles .
Churchill Downs, which hosts the Kentucky Derby on May 1st and 2nd, has banned the use of selfie sticks by attendees. The pole-like contraptions allow people a longer reach to snap their self-portraits. Other events such as the Coachella and Lollapalooza music festivals also have banned the photo aids. A spokesman for Churchill Downs said that the selfie stick ban was designed to protect horses and the massive crowd .
Catalina Viejo, 31, paints miniature pictures of famous bottoms from candid paparazzi shots. The bite-sized series is titled 'A View of the End' and is on display at the SHAG Gallery in Brooklyn, New York.
Robert De Niro, 71, said if the former Secretary of State is voted into the White House there will be 'no surprises' The Goodfellas star said she has 'paid her dues' and has 'earned the right' to be president. Hollywood legend has been a long-time Democrat.
The UK-wide conspiracy offered cheap erectile dysfunction pills to online and face-to-face customers. It was a 'sophisticated and carefully planned' scam which had bases in north-east Lincolnshire and Sussex. Judge Charles Wide QC described it as a 'highly organised, large-scale criminal enterprise' as he sentenced the gang at the Old Bailey.
Elena Udrea, 41, was investigated over claims she accepted bribes worth an estimated £1.3 million. She was indicted along with seven other people, including former economy minister Ion Ariton. Udrea is a close ally of former president Traian Basescu and presidential candidate .
Radiance pads are beauty game-changers, offering all the benefits of a professional facial. Infused with exfoliating glycolic and fruit acids, as well as skin-soothers such as mango extract.
Syrian-born 48-year-old lured to Wembley on pretence of providing a quote for some building work. But when the imam arrived, the killer got into the rear seat of his Volkswagen Passat and shot him several times. Scotland Yard counter-terrorism officers are investigating whether Mr Arwani was murdered on the orders of regime.
Britt McHenry, 28, has been suspended from her position as a sports reporter for ESPN for one week after a video surfaced of her berating a tow truck company employee. The incident occurred on April 6 when McHenry had her car towed from the parking lot of a Chinese restaurant in Arlington, Virginia. The parking attendant can be heard warning McHenry she is being filmed and threatens to 'play your video' McHenry continues to insult the woman's looks, education and job on camera.
Prime Minister Harold Wilson was convinced terrorists would target Charles at Caernarfon Castle ceremony. Met Police sent officers to Wales to join fight against extremists who had already set off bombs. The targets of the operation were members of the nationalist groups Movement for the Defence of Wales (MAC) .
A swastika and the word 'scum' were sprayed in white paint on the window of the offices in Aberdeen last night. A 'Q' was also added to the blue front door, which some people said stands for quisling .
Birmingham officers responded to a phone call about a burglary in progress on the 300 block of Memphis Street in Wylam around 8:45 a.m. on Sunday. The man was put in handcuffs with his hands behind his back and placed in the back of a police cruiser. While medics were treating an officer for a cut, the suspect managed to get his hands in front of him and climb into the front seat .
Lawrencium currently sits at the bottom of the periodic table at the end of a group of elements known as the actinides, which sit in a separate block from the main table. Research suggests it may have properties similar.
The Eco Experts has created maps plotting which countries have the most threatened mammals. The maps were designed by London-based The Eco Experts using the World Bank's World Development Indicator for Deforestation and biodiversity figures. Indonesia sits at the top of the list because deforestation in the region is leaving many species at risk. Madagascar is second, with 114 endangered mammals, while Mexico sits in third with 101 and India in fourth.
Precious Richardson Coleman, 29, ran down Beatrice 'Dee Dee' Spence, 24, and her uncle, 37-year-old Damon Watson, in her 2004 white Dodge Durango. Coleman turned herself in to police Saturday and awaits two charges of attempted murder. Spence's mother, Danika, had been frying chicken and cooking macaroni and cheese when she left the kitchen to help her daughter, leaving unattended food cooking on the stove, which triggered a housefire.
In New York, for instance, there's a tendency to use the word 'so' for drama, such as 'I'm so totally over this' Some people in San Jose think nothing of saying 'didn't nobody help him', while Florida residents do.
Ryan Skivington took the pets out of their cage during a row with the girl's mother . The 26-year-old lightweight admitted criminal damage to the guinea pigs at Blackpool Magistrates Court. He also admitted assaulting his former partner Bobbi Jo Houston at her home in Blackpool  .
Monsour Alshammari, 27, is in the U.S. on a Saudi government student sponsorship and has ties to the country's royal family. He was arrested on Friday at the border near San Diego and is set to be extradited back to Utah where he faces charges related to the rape of a student in February .
Bacterial vaginosis (BV) affects one in three women, making it twice as common as thrush. It occurs when the balance of internal bacteria is disrupted, leading to an unpleasant odour. Pregnant women with the condition are six times more likely to miscarry and twice as likely to give birth prematurely.
Madonna's new black crocodile handbag has caused a stir for its seemingly drug-related slogan. Comes from East London designer Mawi Keivom, who specialises in bejeweled luxury accessories. Rihanna was spotted carrying two gun-themed bags last autumn.
Rupert Brooke's poem The Soldier made him famous outside of literary circles. In 2000, love letters between Rupert Brooke and Phyllis Gardner were discovered. The Second I Saw You, by Lorna C. Beckett, has turned them into a chronological narrative, adding background information and comments.
The map reveals average yearly counts of lightning flashes per square kilometre from 1995 to 2013. It was created using data from Nasa’s Tropical Rainfall Measuring Mission satellite and Orbview-1/Microlab satellite. Highest amounts of lightning occur in the far eastern Democratic Republic of Congo and Lake Maracaibo in northwestern Venezuela. Areas with the fewest number of flashes each year are grey and purple .
Former Prime Minister Kevin Rudd and his wife Therese Rein have said goodbye to their family home in Brisbane's east of more than 20 years after slashing over $100,000 off the asking price. The tropical Queenslander home still managed to sell for over three times what the couple paid when they bought the house just over two decades ago. The house was snatched up by applied economics Professor Uwe Dulleck, who already owns a home in the area with his wife.
Sarah Hulbert, 59, worked for Bates College President A. Clayton Spencer for a little longer than a month in the summer of 2012. Claims she was treated differently from her male co-workers and was fired for having 'no pizzazz' Claims she has suffered a financial loss and a human loss.
A hat-trick in the prestigious London Press Club awards is unprecedented for a quality, family newspaper. Judges said such a rare feat was ‘fully deserved by a paper where journalistic excellence across the board has led to commercial as well success'
Kim Rose, 57, was alleged to have bribed voters with sausage rolls at a party event in Southampton. He was questioned by police over an alleged criminal offence of 'treating' but will face no further action. Mr Rose, who is standing in Southampton Itchen, was never arrested or charged over the alleged crime. He branded police involvement as 'absolutely ridiculous' and said he could be arrested if he tries it again.
The youngster's mother left the buggy in the lobby of their building on Merrimac Drive, Langley Park, as usual. But when she went to retrieve the stroller the following morning, it had reportedly disappeared. Prince George's County Police have released a piece of surveillance footage which shows a person pushing the empty chair .
Cathleen Hackney, 56, is on trial at Stoke-on-Trent Crown Court in relation to the cremation of her son. She allegedly told two funeral directors there were no objections from anyone, including her ex-husband. As a result no-one attended the early morning cremation in December 2010 after it happened without his father's knowledge, jurors heard.
Trinity Culley, from Fingringhoe, Essex, watched the baby-birthing programme against her parents' wishes. But when her mother Dee's waters broke two weeks ahead of schedule, she sprang into action and delivered baby.
Providenciales, in Turks and Caicos, named the best island in the world by TripAdvisor users. Maui in Hawaii was named the second best island, followed by Roatan in Honduras and Santorini in Greece. No island in UK or Australia managed to crack top 10.
Khlloe, 30, has shed 13 pounds in three months thanks to her grueling exercise regime. She's also overhauled her wardrobe and now embraces figure hugging jeans and cleavage-baring blouses.
Images were taken by the Dawn probe from 28,000 miles (45,000km) away from the dwarf planet Ceres. They show that two mysterious bright flashes on the surface have different thermal properties. Ceres is the closest dwarf planet to the sun and is located in the asteroid belt.
Alexandra Allen, 17, from Utah suffers with the condition aquagenic urticaria. The condition is so rare it affects just 35 people in the whole world. Symptoms can last from a few hours to a week after exposure.
Disturbing images show three Afghan prisoners accused of murder waiting for their deaths at the hands of Taliban fighters. The three men are seen sitting with their backs turned away from the gunmen, before being shot in the head at point-blank range. The men were accused of murdering a couple during a robbery in the eastern province of Ghanzi, which took place earlier today .
Mother and ten ducklings spotted trying to cross busy high street in Sutton Coldfield, West Midlands. Resourcer Melissa Patrick, 18, filmed the amusing episode on her mobile phone and said it had the office in stitches.
Jason McDonald, 34, from Aurora, Colorado, walked the thin rope line over a pool containing more the alligators. Crematory manager Mr McDonald has been involved with alligators for over ten years and has taken handling classes.
Officials ordered 250,000 birds to be slaughtered in Telangana after cases of the H5N1 virus were identified. The virus caused the deaths of nearly 400 people and hundreds of millions of poultry after it spread from Asia into Europe and Africa.
Tony Hatch and Jackie Trent wrote a string of chart-topping hits for some of the world's biggest stars. They were married for more than three decades and had a daughter together. But he was banned from her funeral last month by her second husband, Colin Gregory. He says she never forgave him for infidelity that ended their marriage and she believed to her dying day he denied her credit .
Farryn Johnson has said the Baltimore restaurant where she worked had an issue with her blonde highlights. An arbitrator determined Johnson was let go illegally and as a result of racial discrimination. He also reportedly said Hooters violated state civil rights laws, as well as federal ones. According to WBAL, Johnson has been awarded $250,000 for  both her legal fees and lost wages from an arbitration ruling in her favor .
Primatologists working in Ntokou-Pikounda National Park have captured the first ever picture of the Bouvier's red colobus monkey. Their discovery proves that the primate - which was first discovered in 1887 and is only known from three specimens.
Germ line genetic editing alters the DNA in sperm and egg cells - meaning the changes can be passed on to future generations. Scientists fear it could be misused to allow parents to 'select' the genes they will pass on to their grandchildren. But others argue that the technology could also be used to rid families of devastating inherited diseases like cystic fibrosis.
iPhone users on EE will find their calls and texts automatically connect through the internet when they have no service signal. Technology paves the way for London's commuters to chat and text inside the capital's 150 Tube stations.
Jessica Kensky and Patrick Downes lost a leg each in the April 15, 2013, Boston Marathon bombing. Follows a similar appeal made by the family of an eight-year-old boy, Martin Richard, who was killed in the blast. The Richards wrote an op-ed in the Boston Globe calling for Tsarnaev to be sentenced to life in prison rather than death. They said: 'If there is anyone who deserves the ultimate punishment, it is the defendant. We must overcome the impulse for vengeance'
Ruben Costa, 35, pleaded guilty to impersonating a member of the police force, but was only handed a two-month suspended sentence. The incident occurred when the Northern Territory man returned home from work to find his wife had left him. Costa pretended to be a police officer investigating a crime over the phone, claiming he needed taxi drivers assistance.
Officer Jared Forsyth, 33, had been a member of the Ocala Police Department since 2012. The shooting occurred at a gun range at the Lowell Correctional Institution on Monday. He was wearing a bulletproof vest, but the round entered through his arm and went through his chest. The Florida Department of Law Enforcement has been called in to investigate the shooting.
The 30-year-old singer told ABC News on Thursday that she was up against a lot of doctors that told her she was crazy and that her problems didn't exist. 'I actually knew I had it the whole time, probably since the summer,' she said. Lyme disease is the debilitating bacterial infection that comes from a tick bite. Symptoms of the disease range from headaches to paralysis.
The newly-opened Maison Souquet is located just steps from the famed Moulin Rouge theatre. The 20-room hotel describes itself as a 'temple to hedonism' and is meant to represent the 'haute-couture' lifestyle.
Aldi has won an increasing share of the market since the recession as cash-strapped families look for cheaper alternatives. It now lags behind only the 'big four' – Tesco, Asda, Sainsbury's.
Chrissy Teigen posted a picture of her stretch marks to Instagram this week. Since then hundreds of women have posted pictures of their own stretch marks on the social media site. The hashtag #loveyourlines has been added to the campaign  .
Proposal put forward by experts at NHS Health Scotland, the Scottish Government's health promotions agency. Move would apply in pubs, clubs, supermarkets and off-licences in Scotland. Legal minimum age for buying alcohol in Scotland is 18.
Gabrielle Yinka Saunders, 32, used company credit cards to pay for her £10,000 wedding and £5,000 honeymoon. She was arrested at Heathrow when she returned from the honeymoon with husband David Osborne. Saunders was convicted of fraud twice before her latest offence. She admitted seven counts of fraud totalling £16,990.
Natalia Moon moved to the Philippines in 2012 after struggling to hit the big time in Australia. The 23-year-old became fluent in the local language, Tagalog, in the hope of becoming a star. She landed a major role in 2014 playing a catty maid .
Princess Eugenie, 25, looked casually chic in charcoal leather-trim coat and Nike hoodie. The British royal, who is currently working in New York, celebrated her 25th birthday last month.
Students at a Melbourne high school were drinking from a bubbling dispensing recycled water for more than a year. The bubbler was connected to an outdoor drinking fountain at St Peter's College in Cranbourne East. The drinking fountain was shut down on April 1 and is no longer in use  .
Michelle Manhart, 38, was handcuffed by police at Valdosta State University, Georgia. Video footage shows her struggling with officers, who force her to the ground after she refuses to let the flag go. Former Air Force training sergeant says flag belongs to 'the entire'
Narcocon, a Church of Scientology-affiliated drug rehab network, is trying to turn a patch of land near Camp David into a drug rehab center. It claims the 40-acre plot of land has historic significance because President Herbert Hoover once caught a fish at the site. Opponents view the proposed designation as a trick to circumvent current zoning laws for the land and create a drug rehabilitation program that some call dangerous .
Fantasy Café is located in downtown Hangzhou, the provincial capital of Zhejiang Province. It has begun operating eight air purifiers 24 hours a day to provide fresher air. Label is put on every table to alert customers about surcharge.
Lib Dem leader promises to 'spread the burden' of deficit reduction with cuts to welfare and Whitehall budgets. Car tax would rise by £25-a-year and £7billion raised from a crackdown on tax avoidance. But he scaled back his plans for a mansion tax amid concern it could cost party support in affluent parts of London. Mr Clegg set out plans for £5billion in new tax rises, £7bn raised from tax avoidance and £12billion cuts.
Marc Macrae was election agent for SNP’s Westminster leader Angus Robertson. He said party showed compassion for Lockerbie bomber but ostracised him after cancer diagnosis. Like Abdelbaset Ali Mohmed Al Megrahi, he was diagnosed with prostate cancer and was cruelly.
Kingston Road in Stockton is the backdrop for the latest series of the Channel 4 documentary . Residents claim housing bosses have given the street a makeover in anticipation of the show's release . The housing association said the works had been planned well in advance and were nothing to do with the programme   .
Robert Kirkland died on Saturday morning in Union City, Tennessee, from kidney failure complications. He founded Kirkland's home decor stores with his cousin Carl in 1966. He donated $100million to found the Discovery Park of America education center and tourist attraction in Tennessee in 2013 .
Tabitha Anne Bennett allegedly drove her daughter, 13, to a corner in New Port Richey, Florida to meet a 14-year-old girl and encouraged her to fight her. Two bystanders recorded the fight on their cell phones. Bennett, who is unemployed, was arrested and charged with child abuse, assault and battery offenses .
The mountain bike athletes were captured taking huge leaps as the sun went down over Portland Rock, an island off the coast of Weymouth, Dorset, on Sunday. The group included renowned professional trial bike riders Jack Gear, 25, Andrei Burton, 29, and Joe Seddon, 19, who were unfazed by the choppy waters just 10 metres below  .
Robyn Exton is the founder of Dattch, a lesbian dating app for lesbians . Josh Buckley made his first million at 18 with his games app MinoMonsters. Julia Fkenino is a former Vogue editor who is now a millionaire. All three are on the hunt for investment in Silicon Valley.
Harrison Coogan, and Hunter Coker, both 18, and Carson Buckner and Brandon Barber, 19, told police they were heading to spring break celebrations in Gulf Shores, Alabama .
Matt Pliska, who is also a survivor of leukemia, asked Mikenzy Snell to be his prom date last year. The juniors from Waupaca, Michigan, made an emotional statement when they were photographed holding a sign that read: 'Real friends don't count chromosomes' . Since the news outlet first shared the heartwarming picture of the pair on its Facebook page on March 30, more than 15,000 people have liked it.
Jenna Louise Driscoll has been charged with three counts of bestiality, along with charges of trafficking and possession of a dangerous drug. The 25-year-old lashed out and hit a photographer on the forehead with a plastic bottle outside court on Saturday.
Sharky Jama has reportedly been killed in Syria while fighting with terrorist organisation Islamic State. The Melbourne man's father, Dada Jama, confirmed his death to SBS Radio. The Department of Foreign Affairs was unable to confirm his death as its capacity to do so was 'extremely limited'   .
Mother-of-two Marie Csaszar, 45, died last September after a ten-year battle with a brain tumour. She had worked for seven years at the BBC’s financial centre in Cardiff as a contracts manager. Her husband Paul says she was forced out of post after drawing attention to management blunders .
Glenn Ford, 65, was convicted of shooting Isadore Rozeman, a jeweler, in 1983 in Shreveport, Louisiana. The father-of-four was sent to death row in Angola and spent 30 years on death row. Former prosecutor Marty Stroud III, 63, wrote a letter to Ford last month apologizing for putting him behind bars. Stroud said he was 'arrogant, judgmental, narcissistic and very full of myself' Ford was diagnosed with stage 4 lung cancer shortly after his release last year.
Social media platforms have exploded with bright yellow tributes and pictures of wedding dresses as friends, family and complete strangers mourn the death of bride-to-be Stephanie Scott. It comes after police located a body at Cocoparra National Park, in the Riverina region of NSW on Friday night, which they believe to be the 26-year-old who went missing days before she was due to marry her fiancé. Her sister Kim Scott asked attendees of a memorial picnic on Saturday to 'wear yellow' in her memory .
Iceland has become an increasingly popular filming location for fantasy, sci-fi and action film directors and producers. Game of Thrones, Interstellar and Thor: The Dark World are just a few of the films that have been filmed in the country's national parks and national parks .
Tulip Siddiq was at the Kremlin with her aunt, the hardline leader of Bangladesh who is accused of human rights abuses. She was photographed alongside Putin and Sheikh Hasina, the Prime Minister of Bangladesh and Ms Siddiq's mother Rehana.
Claudia Lawrence was 35 when she disappeared in North Yorkshire in March 2009. Pub landlord Paul Harris was arrested last July on suspicion of perverting the course of justice. North Yorkshire Police said 47-year-old man has been released from his bail conditions. He provided information to detectives which has progressed investigation. Miss Lawrence was last seen on March 18.
Rona Fairhead, 53, has said she wants to stay for a least another year as a director of HSNC. But two major investors and a leading shareholder group have voted to get rid of her. She has been under pressure to quit both of her lucrative positions, at the BBC and the scandal-hit bank, after Swiss scandal .
Wikileaks founder Julian Assange has put hundreds of thousands of emails and documents from last year's cyberattack into a searchable online archive. The site claims the information belongs in the public domain because it shows the inner workings of an international company . Sony Pictures blasted WikiLeaks for creating the archive, saying the hackers disseminated the information. The data dump comes after November's massive hack which has already cost the entertainment giant upwards of $100 million. Assange is currently battling a detention order in Sweden for alleged sex crimes.
Microsoft co-founder this week unveiled 'Vulcan Aerospace', which will look after the space programs of Stratolaunch Systems. This includes an ambitious project to launch spacecraft and probes into orbit from a huge carrier aircraft with a wingspan of 385ft (117 metres) The plane will climb to 30,000 feet and launch a rocket at high altitude, avoiding the huge fuel costs of launching from Earth. Flight testing will begin in 2016.
Comedian Chris Sussman revealed jokes have to go through 'quite a lot of layers' to be approved. Some jokes even have to be looked over by director general Lord Hall, he said. Comes after 'difficult few years' following Sachsgate scandal.
Grant Allen, 38, of Harlow, Essex, travelled first class around the world with his girlfriend, Gaynor Godwin. Pair stayed at top hotels on at least eight holidays costing £30,000 between 2006 and 2010. He hid fraud by buying and trading properties and funnelling large amounts of cash through girlfriend's bank account. Allen jailed for six years for mortgage fraud and money laundering.
Jason Cotterill, 42, bombarded his victim with abusive messages over the internet. He threatened to post a sex video of her on the mother's Facebook page, Birmingham Magistrates' Court heard. The terrified woman said her life became a living 'hell' when he sent an explicit photo of her to her 18-year-old.
Daisy, 26, shows off her flawless skin and razor-sharp cheekbones in new shoot. Wearing leather jacket and skinny black jeans, she promotes Rodial's contouring range. FEMAIL caught up with the model to find out.
The Mudgeeraba Caravan Village is home to more than 100 people, and has been the site of a fatal house fire, stabbings, brawls, and continual violence. Queensland Police patrol the site daily due to the extreme level of incidents. Ambulance officers will now only enter the caravan park under police protection. The owner of the park said that the discounted rent of between $90 and $200 attracted a certain type of person  .
The Todd family - a 36-year-old father and his seven children aged six to 15 - were tragically killed as they slept in their Princess Anne home. Father Rodney Todd was raising the children after divorcing their mother in November. The six-hour funeral service brought 1,200 people to the Ella Fitzgerald Auditorium at the University of Maryland Eastern Shore on Saturday to pay their respect to the family. Delmarva Power said it cut off power for safety reasons March 25.
Princess Beatrice has been seen at the Bahrain Grand Prix, her fourth holiday in a month. The 26-year-old was with her long-term boyfriend Dave Clark, according to an onlooker. She is described as 'working full-time' on father's website.
Fanuc's robot uses integrated vision technology called iRVision to keep an eye on humans and automatically stops if it touches an operator. This removes the need for safety fences - a previous requirement for all industrial robots. The robot can lift objects weighing up to 77 lbs (35kg) and could be used in a number of industries, from warehouses to production lines  .
Kelly Osbourne, Melissa Rivers, Shania Twain, will.i.am, Christy Turlington Burns, and Kristin Chenoweth all wrote tributes to their mothers in Lisa Erspamer's new book A Letter to My Mom. The book has arrived just in time for Mother's Day on May 10 .
Marcia Eisenhour awarded more than $270,000 in sexual harassment lawsuit against former judge. Craig Storey wrote 'semi-erotic love poem' to her in 2007. Jury found Storey liable for some $240,000 of damages and county liable for rest.
Victorino Chua accused of killing three patients at Stepping Hill Hospital in Stockport in 2011 and 2012. He is accused of contaminating saline drips with insulin and deliberately poisoning 18 others. In 13-page note, he said he might 'explode' at any time and 'go straight to hell' Chua's lawyers say document is not a confession but 'outlet for frustration'
Indianara Carvalho, 23, had hymen surgery last year to 'restore' her virginity after winning Miss BumBum contest. Last year, she posted a snap of her naked body painted with image of Virgin Mary to her Instagram account. The image attracted 750 'likes', as well as a tirade of disapproval from her followers over its sacrilegious nature  .
The Flash Pack's Lee Thompson captured some of the wacky things people carry on the back of a motorbike or scooter in Vietnam and Cambodia. In Vietnam alone there are more than 37 million motorbikes or scooters, most definitely the vehicle of choice in traffic that would make western country's peak hours look tame. The Flash Pack is a small group flashpacking tour company in Vietnam.
Claudia Martins, 33, wept as she walked free after judge accepted she had a 'momentary abnormality of mental functioning' A court heard she was suffering from a condition known as a 'pathological denial of pregnancy' She had managed to keep her pregnancy secret from her family and gave birth to the child in the bath before killing her .
Gloria Ross, 84, was found with a distorted face when she was visited by her grandson Wayne Wilkins, 25. When he asked nurses at Whipps Cross Hospital, North East London, for help, they said Mrs Ross was ‘just tired’. She was finally assessed by a doctor who realised she had suffered a stroke and arranged for her to be taken to a stroke unit at Royal London Hospital.
The winning punter, who comes from Mittagong in southern New South Wales, discovered his good fortune on Tuesday evening. Two entries won the first division share of Oz Lotto's $40 million jackpot draw on Tuesday, each worth $20 million .
Earl Arthur Olander was found covered in cuts and bruises and his home had been ransacked. Neighbours described him as a 'stand-up person' and a wonderful role model. Police have offered a $1,000 reward.
Gulnaz was only 16-years-old when she fell pregnant with the child of her rapist Asadullah. She was sentenced to two years in prison for 'adultery by force' but had sentence reduced on appeal. Now she is pregnant with his third child but insists she only agreed to marry him to save her daughter.
Thugs caught on camera kicking off wing mirrors and smashing windscreens at La Marina Auto Sales in Michigan. Owner Freddy Ali discovered the carnage when he returned to work after Easter break. He is now offering a $1,000 reward for information leading to the arrest of the trio .
Kurt Ludwigsen, 43, is accused of kissing, harassing and touching 13 of his players at Nyack College. He is facing 44 counts of forcible touching of another's sexual parts, 49 counts of harassment involving unwanted physical contact and one count of sexual abuse, police say .
Vijaya Gadde said social network had let internet abuse go ‘unchecked’ because it did not recognise scope and scale of problem. She said Twitter had tripled the size of the team that deals with abuse.
The Canberra based Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade workers were given an 'announcement' on a big TV screen. The message was displayed for five hours before one of the centre's supervisors told workers that it was an April Fools' Day prank. DFAT has since reprimanded.
Darius is 4ft long and weighs just under 3st - the king of the Continental Giant breed. He is the size of an average eight-year-old child. Darius seems nonchalant about his world record - and untroubled that he is set to lose title.
St. Charles Parish Sheriff Greg Champagne says Cpl. Burt Hazeltine was directing traffic on US 90 near Louisiana Street in the town of Paradis, west of New Orleans, when he was ambushed. Suspect, 56-year-old Paul Devillier, was arrested a short time later after a brief 'tussle' with officers . Hazeltin was hit in the face, elbow and eye and may go blind .
Fiona Cullum, 25, provided a safe haven for Hassan Hussain and Yassin James after they gunned down Sabrina Moss. She then lied to officers when quizzed about Hussain after he was arrested over the murder in 2013. Miss Moss was out celebrating her 24th birthday when she was shot dead in street in Kilburn, north west London. Hussain, 30, James and getaway driver Martell Warren were last year jailed for 111 years .
Megan Huntsman, 40, pleaded guilty to killing six newborns at her home in Pleasant Grove, Utah. She was today given six sentences of five years to life in prison, three of which will be served consecutively. Huntsman's estranged husband found one of the corpses in her garage last year. He is not considered a suspect in the murders, which took place between 1996 and 2006.
Zeus, an 11-year-old retired K-9 officer, was honored in a special tribute on Wednesday by the Ridgefield Police Department. The German Shepherd, who served eight years in the force, took his last ride in a patrol car during the grand procession. Zeus was put down due to declining health.
Prince Charles wrote a letter to Hayley Okines's grieving parents calling her 'an inspiration to millions' The 17-year-old progeria sufferer died earlier this month at All Saints Church in Bexhill-on-Sea, East Sussex. There are 74 known cases of progeria around the world and only 4 in the UK   .
Tuning forks are pieces of metal that make different pitched sounds when struck and made to vibrate. They are said to tighten sagging skin, eradicate dark circles, lessen wrinkles and stimulate collagen. Some say it's the non-jab equivalent of Bot.
Shadow chancellor said he would not make 'unfunded and uncosted commitments' after promising to cut deficit every year. Comes after David Cameron pledged to give NHS whatever it needed - but refused to say how he will find money. Labour leader Ed Miliband to unveil manifesto today.
Incredible video shows two planes landing at the same time at San Francisco International Airport. Both aircrafts' wheels touch the tarmac simultaneously as they approach the runway. British Airline Pilots Association says this is a normal procedure .
Godfrey Elfwick was recruited via Twitter to appear on BBC World Service programme World Have Your Say. Programme was looking for people who had never seen any of the films to give their assessment. Mr Elfwick said the films were full of social problems 'rooted in homophobia and casual racial sterotypes'  .
Annegret Raunigk, 65, will become the oldest mother of four in a single birth in the world. She is in the 21st week of her pregnancy and already has 13 children by five different fathers. She previously made headlines in Germany when she had her youngest child aged 55.
Pest control company Mortein has copped a spray after making the 'tasteless decision' to link its product to the tragic murder of Stephanie Scott. The company posted a picture to the account of its mascot, Louie the Fly, along with '#putyourdressout', which was a widely shared hashtag.
Matt Stopera lost his iPhone in New York City and the only clue that gave a whereabouts to its located was when some unusual photos of orange trees and fireworks started appearing on his Photostream. The phone had made its way half way around the world to southeastern China and into the hands of a 30-year-old restaurant owner named Li Hongjun.
Spotted on April 19 last year, researchers used camera footage to help recreate its trajectory and hunt down any remaining fragments. They determined the fireball's path by studying its flight and the meteorite's final impact site. This led researchers to the Annama meteorite, which is an ordinary H5 chondrite - a group of space rocks with high strength that make up 31 per cent of meteorite falls.
Smart Boy lets gamers play their existing Game Boy and Game Boy Color games cartridges on their Apple handset. Will feature an eight-way D-pad, two action buttons, a Start and Select button, and a battery that can be charged through phone.
Davion Navar Henry Only, 16, had spent his entire life in foster care after his mother gave birth to him behind bars. He was adopted by a minister in Ohio but sent back into the system when he fought with one of the minister's children. In 2013 he made an emotional plea for a family to 'love him forever' in front of a Florida church congregation. He has now been adopted by his old caseworker, Connie Bell Going, who has known him since he was seven. On April 22 she will officially become his mother .
Malijah Grant, 1, was taken off life support on Saturday after she was shot in the head in a drive-by shooting outside Seattle. She was sitting in a car seat in the back of a silver Chevy Impala with her parents up front when around 5 shots were fired Thursday afternoon. Two male suspects are now being sought by police in the case.
The unidentified woman from Greenpoint, Brooklyn, was apparently distraught over her troubled marriage. She walked to the Kosciuszko Bridge from the Brooklyn side shortly before noon on Monday. Police spent more than two hours talking to the woman and trying to calm her down. She agreed to be rescued and pulled to safety by officers.
Deputy PM said control of Department for Education would be key demand of any new power-sharing deal. Mr Clegg said he wanted to avoid a repeat of the 'ideological gimmicks' of Michael Gove. Mr Gove was first Tory Education Secretary in 2010.
Kelly Nash, 25, was last seen alive in the early hours of January 5 when he woke up coughing and sneezing, and told his girlfriend, Jessica Sexton, he was not feeling well. He left the house without his wallet, ID card or the keys to his truck . On February 8, a man fishing at Lake Lanier discovered Nash's badly decomposed body. He suffered a gunshot wound and drowned, officials said .
The photo was posted on Facebook as part of the Humans of New York project by photographer Brandon Stanton. The photo was accompanied by a statement from Beyoncé describing the inconvenience of sharing a celebrity name . It has received almost 300,000 shares as well as thousands of comments from people with equally if not more unfortunate names.
Yaakov Naumi, 32, grew up in the Israeli town of Bnei Brak and was educated in an ultra orthodox school. He trained as a photojournalist with the haredi press, Behadrey Haredim, and revealed that his work there meant he encountered rituals he'd never seen before.
The White House said today that Jeremy Bernard would depart after a state dinner next month held in honor of the Japanese Prime Minister. The first lady said in a statement she was 'lucky to have such a talented individual on my team' Michelle Obama added, 'I am equally lucky to have made a lifelong friend in Jeremy' The White House did not name a replacement for Bernard, who is also the first gay man to hold the position.
The government agency released the updated figures online Tuesday. 95.9 percent of women 15 to 19 years old were childless in 2014, according to the U.S. Census Bureau. In 2012, that number was 94.9%. For women ages 20 to 24, 75.2 percent were child-free last year, researchers found. 47.6% of women ages 15 to 44 are childless, the highest it's ever been. The 2012 figure was 46.5 percent for the same age group.
Chris Roberts was yanked off his plane after it landed in Syracuse, New York, on Wednesday night. He was questioned for the next four hours by two FBI agents and two uniformed officers. Roberts works for security intelligence company One World Labs .
Cle 'Bone' Sloan, 45, was crushed beneath the wheels of Suge Knight's pickup truck outside a burger stand in January. Knight is accused of murdering Terry Carter, 55, and trying to murder Sloan, whom he left with broken bones and other injuries. But Sloan told the court that he does not remember the specifics of the confrontation, in which Carter was killed. Knight, who is diabetic and has previously collapsed in trial hearings, is being kept in jail while the hearings proceed .
Study found women routinely ask for £4,000 less for a typical job, but this widens to £10,000 in senior industries. East Anglia and the East Midlands had the largest gender difference in expected salaries, while North West England.
Stephen Dodd tweeted a picture of Asif Bodi and Abubakar Bhula praying at Anfield last month. He added the caption: 'Muslims praying at half-time at the match yesterday #DISGRACE' Liverpool have promised to take 'appropriate action' against the season ticket holder .
Jean-Marie Le Pen, 87, said Nazi gas chambers were 'a detail of history' in interview with Rivarol magazine. His daughter Marine Le Pen said she would oppose his candidacy in December elections. But he has refused to step down as honorary president of the far-right party.
From cakes to curries, freezing brings out more of their flavour and boosts the texture. Tessa Cunningham puts a host of our favourite foods to the frozen test. Freeze your cake for 24 hours straight from the oven and the sponge will be bouncier .
Loved-up couples around the world are sharing the intimate moment they got engaged via Instagram account HowHeAsked.com. Alongside the thousands of pictures are the couples' touching proposal stories  .
Timothy Eli Thompson was born premature on March 4 without any nasal passages or sinus cavities. Facebook removed the photo after a pro-life group put it in an ad in an effort to promote his story. The social media site has since reversed its decision after public protest and admitted it made a mistake and has reinstated the photo .
Kaden Lum was gunned down by an unidentified suspect at his home in Bremerton, Washington, on March 28. His mother Jalisa Lum was also inside the home at the time and tried to shield her son from the gunman. The Kitsap Sun printed the controversial illustration on their opinion page two weeks on from the horrific incident   .
Messenger is currently 18 miles (29.1km) above Mercury after Nasa used the last of its fuel to push it higher into orbit. The spacecraft is expected to smash into the planet's surface on 30 April. But as it drops ever closer to Mercury's surface, it is sending back some of the most detailed images ever obtained of the smallest planet in our solar system.  .
Carolyn Thorpe, 62, was killed and her daughter Sarah Wright was injured by the 20-foot tree in Hiers-Brouage, France. The 200-year-old tree was planted to mark the birth of Napoleon I's first son. Investigation found it was ridden with parasites .
Edwin 'Jock' Mee accused of carrying out sex attacks on 11 female cadets as young as 15. One woman, now 27, claims he raped her as he called her a 'sweet woman' when she met him for an appointment. She claims he locked the doors of the room they were in and raped her. Mee denies 17 counts of sexual assault, three rapes and one count of assault by penetration .
Jake Boys, 19, surprised partner Emily-Victoria Canham, 18, with tickets to see One Direction in Cardiff. But he ended up booking plane tickets to Ireland, where he thought the Welsh capital was located. The couple are both popular video bloggers - known as 'vloggers'
Lawrence Tynes has filed a lawsuit against the Tampa Bay Buccaneers for $20million in lost future earnings and $15,000 in damages. The 36-year-old was in training camp with the Buccaneers in 2013 when he contracted the deadly MRSA infection. The suit also claims that the team did not use necessary sterile techniques and left surfaces unclean.
Former head of NHS England warns of a 'substantial financial problem' at the heart of the health service. Sir David Nicholson says politicians are ignoring a black hole in the NHS budget to boost their election chances. Warns that the financial peril it faces will soon be 'crystal clear' . Calls for a 7 per cent boost to the health budget by 2020 - but Labour has refused to sign up. Nick Clegg and David Cameron have pledged to find the cash but Ed Miliband has refused. Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt says Labour must 'explain why they won't'
A United Airlines regional jet carried her back to the East Coast on Thursday from the Omaha, Nebraska airport. Her flight was bound for Newark, New Jersey, the major airport most convenient to her spacious Chappaqua, New York home. Clinton had just finished a three-day presidential campaign swing in Council Bluffs, Iowa. It's not clear how Clinton's twin 'Scooby' vans, her armored and customized campaign vehicles, will get back to New York.
A&E consultant Dr Ram Manohar, 38, is alleged to have inappropriately touched the nurses in 2013. Nurse A said he groped her breast after she asked him about chest X-rays. Nurse B said he kissed her and put his hand into her knickers before smacking her on the bottom.
Man dressed as a woman robbed a service station in Watervale, Victoria . He pulled out a fake machine gun from a black bag and demanded money from the till. Police are still searching for the robber.
Rev Richard Coles sits on the board of Wellingborough Homes, a housing association in Northamptonshire. He rose to fame as half of the famously gay 1980s pop band The Communards. Known to many for presenting Radio 4's gentle human interest show Saturday Live.
Curiosity detected salts called perchlorates, which can absorb water from the atmosphere and turn it into briny liquid. Scientists say that the soil is porous, so water seeps down through the soil and is present in very salty water.
Leo Bernal, 8, was released from the hospital Friday, five days after he was shot in the head by an armed home intruder in Culver City, California. Doctors had to open the child's skull to extract the bullet, leaving him with a partially shaved scalp and 23 staples. Detectives are seeking a motive for the attack.
Eating out is associated with higher calorie, saturated fat and salt intake - all causes of high blood pressure. 27.4 per cent of the population in Singapore suffered from pre-hypertension - elevated blood pressure .
Facinet Keita was representing Guinea in the 2012 Olympics when he was knocked out in qualifying stages. The 31-year-old claimed his failure to win a medal meant he 'would be murdered' if he returned to his native Guinea. His wife who was left to look after the couple's two children has now split from him because she 'couldn't wait for him' He is now volunteering at a primary school Judo club in Stoke-on-Trent.
Randy Linn, now in a California federal prison where he's two years into his 20-year sentence, said that he can't believe that he tried to destroy a place of worship. Federal prosecutors said Linn drove about two hours from his home in St. Joe, Indiana, to suburban Toledo on September 30, 2012, and broke into the mosque  .
Kevin Morton, 49, gave son Kye Backhouse, 13, super-strength painkiller after he complained of feeling ill. Kye was found dead at his home in Barrow-in-Furness, Cumbria, in October last year.
The Jane Doe was found in a wooded area in Volusia County, Florida, on April 23, 1990. The death was ruled a homicide and the case remains open. A forensic artist recently created a lifelike, computer-generated image of the woman’s face .
The Gold Moto 360 is available to pre-order online from O2 and will go on general sale on 23 April. Customers making orders before 10pm BST on 20 April will receive the watch the next day. It will then go on sale online and exclusively in O2 stores in the UK from 23 April . Motorola's Gold version has an 18mm stainless steel band and costs £50 more, at £249.99   .
Amir Khan posted the pictures to the image sharing app from behind the wheel in the city of Fremont close to San Francisco. The 28-year-old splits his time between his hometown of Bolton and the US, where he is preparing for his next fight  .
Dominika Petrinova, from the Czech Republic, was furious after her boyfriend Erik Meldik's prank. The 27-year-old had burst into tears when she was told her dog Sam had accidentally been put in the wash before he revealed the 'joke'
Duli Hembrom wrote to principal of Milan Mithi Uchha Vidyalaya after failing to convince parents to call off wedding. She wrote: 'I do not want to get married, I took an oath at the time of admission that I will not get married before I turn 18' .
At the Namale Resort & Spa in Fiji, couples are 'kidnapped' and whisked away for a picnic lunch. At The Club Hotel & Spa, Jersey, a sunshine butler is on hand to polish sunglasses. Rosewood Hotels around the world has a fragrance butler.
Host Nick Hewer struggled to stifle his giggles as contestants spelt out the word 'erection' . It is not the first time the show's host has struggled to contain himself when a rude word has popped up on the show .
The legislative splurge is equivalent to introducing a new law for every working day. In the Coalition agreement, the Tories and Lib Dems pledged to roll back Labour’s ‘state intrusion’. But research shows the Government has invented 22 ways of criminalising the public every month .
The GR20 trail runs down the mountainous spine of Corsica and happens to be the toughest trek in Europe. The average hike was five to seven hours and at times I walked for ages without meeting another soul. Accommodation ranged from small auberges.
Secret Service supervisor Xavier Morales, 48, has been placed on indefinite administrative leave after a female employee accused him of assaulting her at agency headquarters. The female agent alleged that she was attending a party with Morales, her boss, in a Washington, D.C. restaurant when he said he loved her and wanted to have sex with her. The party was being thrown in Morales' honor to celebrate his recent assignment .
A Pain and Gain report released by CoreLogic for the December quarter has revealed that home resales recording a gross loss were at an all time low. Only 8.6 percent of homes had recorded a loss and a shocking 32.3 percent had shown properties selling for more than double their original price. The report showed that Sydney recorded the lowest loss-making resales at just 2.4 percent over the quarter which is down from 3.5 percent in a year .
Cortez Berry, 18, was serving time at the Burruss Correctional Training Center in Forsyth, Georgia, for his role in a 2011 carjacking and robbery. The disturbing image was uploaded to Facebook Friday using a cellphone that had been sneaked into the jail. It shows the 18-year-old hunched down with a swollen eye in front of two shirtless young men, one of whom is holding the leash. Two corrections officers have resigned .
School leaders warn the 'bleak' situation is likely to worsen due to rise in pupil numbers and 'greater competition' for graduates. London schools are experiencing the most problems finding teachers in English, maths and science, followed by the North West.
Hizb ut-Tahrir (HT) has reportedly attacked civil activists in Aleppo alongside al-Qaeda franchise Nusra Front. Several British men linked to ISIS are known to have been in contact with the group while studying at UK universities. Maajid Nawaz, Lib Dem candidate for Hampstead and Kilburn, was a member of HT for 13 years. He was jailed in Egypt in 2005 for his role in radical Islamist group .
Boeing 777-300ER diverted to Mumbai's Chhatrapati Shivaji International Airport to refuel eight hours into flight. Returned to Addis Ababa after crew declared an emergency shortly after take-off due to engine trouble.
This year has seen a rash of massive dust storms around the world that have led to travel chaos and blocked out sunlight. This week incredible footage showed the moment an unusual 'apocalyptic' dust storm, known in Arabic as a haboob, struck Belarus, turning day to night. China has suffered four massive sandstorms since the start of the year.
Attorney General Eric Holder sent a memo on Friday to DOJ employees reminding them not to solicit prostitutes. Ten DEA agents - an assistant regional director and nine special agents - had the alleged parties 'at government-leased headquarters' in Colombia .
Lib Dems will vow to protect entire education budget in next parliament 'from cradle to college' Unlike Tory and Labour plans, spending would rise per pupil. An extra 460,000 schoolchildren expected in the next five years and in line with inflation. Education is a sore point for many who backed Lib Dems in 2010 .
The typed dispatch was sent by German president Karl Doenitz on May 8, 1945. It was seized from Luftwaffe chief Robert von Greim when he was arrested that day. The WWI fighter ace then killed himself rather than be tortured by the Russians   .
A virulent strain of bird flu continues to hammer the Midwest and the virus recently took its biggest toll yet after it hit a farm in Iowa that held nearly 10 percent of the state's egg-laying chickens. Seven other Midwestern states have also been hit by the virus, dooming nearly 7.8 million turkeys and chickens since March. Minnesota has had 28 turkey farms hit, far more than any other state .
Kefalonia has been home to invaders for more than 2,000 years. The island is replete with diverse things to see on day trips but the nightlife is virtually non-existent. Enjoy excursions to the ruined castle of St George.
The 22-year-old said she kneed Jason Lee, an ex-Goldman Sachs managing director, in the groin during the struggle after he forced her onto the floor whilst naked in the bathroom of his $35,000 a month rented mansion. She sobbed and said she was left in a state of 'disbelief' and begged her friends to take her home - because she felt that it was her fault. The alleged rape happened in 2013.
First lady Michelle Obama told celebrity chef and daytime talk-show host Rachael Ray that Malia Obama's driving lessons were provided by the U.S. Secret Service. Mrs. Obama hasn't driven herself in seven or eight years. She added that driving gives Malia 'a sense of normalcy'  .
Sfinar Gourian, popularly known as 'Safinaz', was fined £15,000 after being found guilty in a case raised by a private complainant. She is expected to avoid jail time, however, after paying £10,000 bail and launching an appeal against the six month prison sentence.
Arlette Ricci, 74, was ‘particularly determined’ to stash money in Swiss accounts for more than two decades. She is the first French national to face trial over tax evasion in what has been dubbed a test case. Her name was among thousands of HSBC clients who were discovered to have non-declared bank accounts in Switzerland. Her daughter was also convicted.
Artichoke water is said to contain minerals including iron, potassium, vitamin C and magnesium. Birch water contains saponins which can help your body absorb less fat. Cactus water contains minerals which can aid the digestive system.
Tara and Gavin Hills, from Kanata, Canada, have been anti-vaxxers for six years, but all that changed when their seven young children came down with whooping cough. The Hills' three eldest kids were partially vaccinated, but the four youngest ones got no shots at all, leaving them vulnerable . Their six sons and a daughter ranging in age from 10 months to 10 years remain in quarantine  .
The Real Housewives Of Beverly Hills star was arrested at 1:30am on Thursday morning at The Polo Lounge in The Beverly Hills Hotel. The 50-year-old mother-of-four was refused service by a bartender after drinking vodka tonics all night. She then became angry and reportedly shouted 'Don't you know who I am?' at the bartender. Kim was eventually taken to a nearby jail where she kicked a police officer and was arrested .
Bradley Dew, 26, had been drinking with his friend at a pub in Faversham in Kent earlier that day. He had borrowed his mobile and returned to his friend's home claiming he had lost it on a train . Dew pushed the friend into a wall before striking him across the face and stealing £10 out of his wallet  .
Sally Betts wrote a reference for Luke Lazarus 'out of loyalty to the family' after he raped an 18-year-old woman in an alleyway. The Waverley mayor is now developing a program to teach young women about 'risky behaviour' Lazarus was jailed for at least three years on March 27 for raping the teenage virgin. Cr Betts said she wrote the reference in support of Lazarus's grandparents who she has been friends with for 30 years. Daily Mail Australia has contacted her.
An account purporting to be 2UE sent out a tweet on Thursday morning which appears to have come from a disgruntled former employee. 'We hope you like the sound of whinging hyenas reading the news. #bringbackblanda', the tweet began. A 2UE spokesperson told Daily Mail Australia that they were aware of the posting but denied the message came from one of their accounts. They said it had not been used in years and had been hacked.
Annabel Beam, now 12, fell 30ft inside a hollowed-out cottonwood tree in December, 2011. She was playing outside with her sisters when she slipped and fell inside the tree. She survived the fall with only bumps and bruises and no head injuries. Doctors said: 'I guess someone up there was looking out for her' and she can now eat solid food .
Labour candidate Naz Shah claims she was forced into marriage when she was 15 years old. But George Galloway's Respect Party claims to have a copy of her marriage certificate. They say it shows she was married in 1990, when she would have been 16 and a half. But Ms Shah has hit back, saying there are two copies of her nikah.
The ex-girlfriend of Prince Harry radiated health thanks to a bronze glow as she laughed with friends in Mayfair. The 29-year-old wore ripped jeans and a chic beige blazer on Wednesday night.
Operation Xeres will focus on allegations relating to abuse at Skegby Hall children's home near Mansfield. Investigation will also look into nine other centres where children were said to have been physically or sexually abused. 11 people have been arrested so far.
Jerry A. Hostetler was once a 24-year-old pimp known to Indianapolis police as Mr. Big. After becoming a local construction mini-mogul, he started buying up the homes around his modest 3-bedroom ranch house. He cobbled them together, dug a swimming pool, dug ponds, imported fountains, added ballrooms, added life-size statues of gorillas, added -- of all things -- a stone grotto (into which he installed a hot tub) The house has remained empty since his death in 2006 .
Richard Howarth, 35, says he breaks out in a sweat and starts shaking when he sees Ukip leader on TV. He says he has to change the channel or he becomes physically sick when Farage appears. Psychologist Dr Rick Norris says his symptoms sound more like a phobia.
New generation of suncreams promise to protect against the damage from infra-red A rays. Others say they protect the skin from the inside. Dr Bav Shergill, a consultant dermatologist at Queen Victoria Hospital in East Grinstead, gives his verdict.
Authorities said in a news release Thursday that 49-year-old Thomas K. Jenkins of Capitol Heights, Maryland, was arrested last month by deputies with the Prince George's County Sheriff's Office. From September 2014 to February 2015, Jenkins allegedly carried out 18 commercial robberies in Dover, Delaware. Police say Jenkins had cut a hole in the roof of a commercial business in Maryland on March 9 .
Teaching watchdog working on possible disciplinary cases against current and former staff members. Allegations an al-Qaeda style video featuring masked gunmen was copied in a classroom. Teachers punished pupils by making them kneel on tiles, it is understood. More than 50 teachers alleged exchanged messages in a WhatsApp group which included offensive comments about British soldiers and Lee Rigby.
Woman yelled 'End the ECB dictatorship!' before being bundled off by two heavyset guards. She flashed a V-for-victory sign and smiled as the two men carried her away by her arms and legs. #Draghi became a trending hashtag on Twitter - a rare event for a central banker. Police said she was 21 and from Hamburg.
Grenada is known for its zesty spices and self-sufficiency - the only food it imports is milk. Rosemary spent a week on the island, where fresh foodstuffs like cocoa fruit are easily available .
Bogan Shire Council, in western New South Wales, wants to erect a 'big bogan' statue in Nyngan. Graeme Burke is the manager of engineering services for the council. The 3.6-metre statue would show a 'bloke' wearing shorts, thongs and a singlet with a fishing rod and a tuckerbox. Locals and visitors would be able to sit on it and take photographs . Local residents have expressed mixed feelings about it.
Coffee matching rules are not as hard and fast as wine pairing ones, there are still some things you should consider. Flat whites are best accompanied by a blueberry muffin, and plain black coffee with doughnuts.
Ricky Dearman said his reputation was shattered after being branded leader of a London satanic cult. He was falsely accused of masterminded the trafficking of children into the UK to be tortured and killed. Scotland Yard investigated the 'baseless' claims but found they had been made by his children. Police are now hunting for Ella Draper and her partner Abraham Christie, who may have fled abroad. Mr Dearman now hopes to win custody of his children, who are eight and nine and currently in care .
Britain will still be running a budget deficit at the end of the decade despite plans to return the country to the black. The International Monetary Fund said the state will continue to spend more on public services. The projection underlines just how hard it will be to eliminate the country's annual deficit .
Wonga, the UK’s biggest payday loans firm, today revealed it racked up a £37.3million loss last year. Revenues declined to £217.2million in the period, down by almost £100million. City watchdog predicts just three or four lenders will survive.
Vincent Cianni, 63, spent three years traveling the U.S. photographing and interviewing gay veterans and servicemen to share their stories of suppression, sadness and silence in a moving photo essay. The photos show commonalities between the subjects despite their different journeys, from a 92-year-old WW2 veteran to young soldiers who recently returned from Afghanistan. Many were discharged because of their sexuality.
Kellie Cherie Phillips, 38, and Jondrew Megil Lachaux, a 39-year-old ex-convict, may be in the Los Angeles or Oakland, California, areas. Police are worried about the welfare of the five children believed to be with the couple. The couple left the house several weeks or months ago, leaving the 17-year old girl with the two younger children in a brown stucco home.
Julie Bishop was in Perth over the Easter holidays to meet SAS members' wives and partners. The Foreign Minister caught up with world-renowned shoemaker Jimmy Choo at Nobu restaurant. The pair crossed paths at a special luncheon at Perth's Crown Casino. Ms Bishop is a huge fan of the Malaysian shoe designer.
Sonia Pereiro-Mendez says she was denied millions in pay and bonuses when she became pregnant. She claims men were promoted ahead of her and she was subjected to 'gratuitous derogatory' comments. The executive director in distressed investing is suing for sex and maternity discrimination.
Cordula Schacht is representing Joseph Goebbbels' estate in the case against Random House Germany and its imprint Sidler. Her own father Hjalmar Schacht was Hitler's minister of economics. English edition of biography is due to be published by Penguin Random House UK on May 7.
The Norfolk Southern train was traveling through Salters Pond Road and Highway 121, near Trenton, South Carolina. It derailed after apparently hitting a tree that had fallen onto the tracks shortly after 8.30pm on Friday. Derailment caused up to 15 cars to overturn and leak, sparking a 1.5-mile-wide evacuation.
The UK clocked up growth of 2.8 per cent in 2014 - the strongest in the Group of Seven industrialised nations. This was seven times higher than France’s 0.4 per cent, according to an International Monetary Fund report. Britain is expected to cement its position in the coming years as one of the fastest growing major economies in the West .
Anthony Mann, 78, sat quietly sobbing in the dock as he listened to the details of the mercy killing. He was given a two year suspended sentence after he appeared at Leamington Justice Centre today. Mrs Mann's health had deteriorated since 2008 and she was suffering from dementia and chronic pain .
Annegret Raunigk, 65, is in her 21st week of pregnancy after being artificially inseminated. The German primary school teacher will give birth in a matter of weeks to four babies after 18 months.
Trevor Brooks is a known associate of Islamist firebrand preacher Anjem Choudary. Home Office letter says he is an extremist linked to members of banned group Al Muhajiroun.
Labour leader accuses PM of 'ducking' chance to defend his record in government. Miliband, Ukip's Nigel Farage, Greens' Natalie Bennett, SNP's Nicola Sturgeon and Plaid Cymru's Leanne Wood will take part. The BBC1 debate will be hosted by David Dimbleby.
A two-metre South American boa constrictor is on the loose after police mistakenly believed it was a harmless python. The reptile could pose a threat to local wildlife and even people's pet cats and dogs. Snake catcher Tony Harrison warned that the large-predatory boa could be contagious.
Cardinal Rainer Woelki led the service at Cologne Cathedral for the 1,500 people killed in the tragedy. He urged forgiveness for all of the victims, including co-pilot Andreas Lubitz who is widely blamed for 'deliberately' crashing the jet. German President Joachim Gauck said tragedy had provoked grief and sorrow. He said: 'We're being confronted with a disturbing act of destruction' Flags have been flown at half-mast across the country.
Pret A Manger's new concept is called 'Good Evenings', and runs from 6pm until 11pm every night. Burger King has just launched its summer menu, and Nando's is offering a pina colada smoothie and new frozen drinks .
Eve, a Bornean orangutan, died a few weeks after giving birth to Tuah at Utah's Hogle Zoo last fall. Zookeepers at the zoo had to provide round-the-clock care for the infant, improvising along the way. Tuah was revealed to the public on Saturday, with visitors lining up to see him.
William Beggs is serving a life sentence for murdering and dismembering Barry Wallace, 18, in 1999. Teenager's limbs and torso were found in Loch Lomond and his head was dumped in the sea off Ayrshire coast. He screamed in pain as boiling water was thrown.
Forty-seven per cent of 2,070 adults polled said they didn't know who led British forces in the battle. One in seven believe the French were victorious over the British in the 1815 battle. Young people more likely to associate the battle with the Abba song.
Siti Zainab was sentenced to death in 1999 after confessing to stabbing her employer to death. She was on death row for 15 years while Saudi authorities waited for victim's family to decide whether to pardon her or demand her execution. Her family and officials were not notified before her execution this morning. Amnesty International says her death 'smacks of a basic lack of humanity'
The New York Post's Page Six claimed Sunday that Bobby Flay, 50, has been seeing his assistant Elyse Tirrel, 28, for three years. The celebrity chef's business partner Laurence Kretchmer moved swiftly to dismiss the claims, saying that if Flay had been having an affair with an employee, he would know about it. Flay filed for divorce from Stephanie March, 40, in April saying that their marriage has 'irretrievably broken down'
There is a rising number of firms in the US that sell dog and cat biscuits containing cannabidiol, or CBD, taken from hemp. Compounds in the plant have been known to alleviate joint pains, treat mood disorders and help pets lose weight. Research has also suggested CBD can relieve pain and discomfort in dying pets and calm animals down. Canna Companion, based in Sultan in Washington, uses hemp from the Cannabis sativa strain in its capsules and biscuits for both cats and dogs  .
Ukip leader said he was ‘jealous’ of how the Tory leader has reversed the greying process while in Downing Street. Mr Farage said he had shaken Mr Cameron’s hand and ‘complimented him on his appearance’ at last week's debate.
Report by Tel Aviv University's Kantor Center for the Study of Contemporary European Jewry said 766 violent anti-Semitic acts were carried out around the world last year. Arson, vandalism and direct threats against Jews, synagogues and other Jewish institutions were included in the figure  .
Rachel Simpson, 15, was diagnosed last year with a one-in-a-million genetic condition. Doctors say condition will eventually give her cancer if untreated. The rest of her family, from Heysham, near Lancaster, are now waiting on tests which could reveal which of them also have a mutation of the GATA2.
Scotland Yard's Flying Squad released images of three suspects on Saturday. But refused to release a picture of the supposed ringleader because he has already been identified. Criminologist Richard Hoskins has identified 'startling similarities' between raid and novel Black Echo. Crime novel is based on two jewel heists in LA in 1980s.
Demand for coloured stones such as sapphires and rubies has seen their prices soar. Celebrities such as Kate Middleton and Rosamund Pike have played their part by flashing their beloved coloured gems on the red carpet .
The Hague is home to one of the cornerstones of European art - Vermeer's Girl With A Pearl Earring. It has a genteel moat/canal, which encircles the historic centre.
Walter Scott, 50, and Pierre Fulton, his friend of several years, had met for breakfast on April 4 before Scott drove him to a church so Fulton could collect a bag of vegetables. They were heading to Scott's house for a cookout when their car was pulled over for a broken tail light in North Charleston, South Carolina. Scott jumped out of the car and fled the scene - and was shot multiple times in the back by officer Michael Slager in a horrifying incident captured on a passerby's cell phone camera .
The rare formation appeared over a commuter rail station on Long Island early Tuesday. Amanda Curtis, the founder of a fashion company, snapped the phenomenon while she was waiting for the Long Island Railroad at the station.
Robert Bates, 73, appeared on the Today show on Friday, where he apologized to the family of Eric Harris, 44, who was shot dead in a botched gun-sale sting operation on April 2. He said that the mix-up could have happened to anyone and that he is unable to sleep or concentrate. The interview comes just days after Bates turned himself in to face charges of second-degree manslaughter and was released on bond.
The new map allows astronomers to 'stand' on planetary surfaces and could help explain how water and lava once flowed across Mars. The first mosaic, pieced together by the German Aerospace Center (DLR), comprises 1.4 million square miles (2.3 million square km) of the surface. It covers the vast crater-strewn highland region of the red planet, parts of the Ares Vallis.
Kyle Wittstock, 22, died on Monday afternoon after his paraglider crashed into a garage door. He left behind a fiance and a nine-week-old daughter who he called his 'lion cub'
First models of the £260,000 GT have been shipped to China and will be rolled out across Europe next year. To herald its launch, Ford's design team have created a stunning light sculpture. The light sculpture was unveiled in Milan's Piazza de Fidele during Milan Design Week.
The girl, who attends school in San Dimas, California, is the target of disturbing posts on Instagram. One says: 'That smile! I can't wait till its just blood and tears'
Duchess of Cambridge's sister Pippa Middleton has been slammed for 'promoting cruel and unnecessary whaling industry' The 31-year-old enjoyed smoked whale carpaccio at the Juvet Landscape Hotel in north-west Norway. The hunting and importation of whale meat is banned in Britain, as it is in most parts of the world. Norway has exploited legal loopholes that allow it to opt out.
An eye-witnesses said a fight broke out inside Roches Family Hotel late Friday night. The altercation took an unusual turn when a woman approached the scene armed with two rubber sex toys. Grafton Police confirmed they attended the scene.
Amanda Lukoff, from Arlington, Virginia, was inspired to create her documentary The R-Word after growing up with her sister Gabrielle, who has Down syndrome. The film, which is in pre-production while she tries to raise $200,000 for the project, will be made regardless of whether or not she meets her fundraising target .
France has joined Italy and Israel in passing laws banning the promotion of extreme thinness in the fashion industry. The laws include fining agencies employing models with a BMI under 18 and criminalising pro-anorexia web content. But Rachel Cole-Fletcher, of Durham University, says it is not a lifestyle choice and personality traits are to blame. She says the laws may be unlikely to have any such effect .
Almost half of 1,000 British companies questioned said they are less inclined to recruit an obese applicant. Among the reasons given were that overweight workers 'are unable to play a full role in the business' European judges ruled in December obesity qualified as a disability if it 'hinders the full and effective participation of the person... on an equal basis with other workers' .
Sean Donohoe, 30, from Wilnecote, Tamworth, plundered the elderly woman's accounts for two years. Spent tens of thousands of pounds on trips to the Snowdome and in shops such as Argos and HMV. Even persuaded victim to change her will so he could reap the benefits of two life insurance policies  .
Khadijah Dare, 22, was born in Nigeria but emigrated to the UK as a child and grew up in Lewisham, South London. She married a Swedish IS terrorist calling himself Abu Bakr almost as soon as she arrived in Syria. She is notorious for threatening to become the first woman to behead a Westerner. But her mother Victoria has now issued a plea for her to return home from Syria .
The 1991 Ferrari 348, worth between $90k and $110k, smashed into a tree in the Adelaide suburb of North Brighton. The male passenger suffered head and leg injuries in the crash. The driver was conscious when paramedics attended the scene on Wednesday night.
Iona Costello, 51, and daughter Emily were visiting Manhattan when they were last seen on March 30. Iona's stepson, George Costello Jr, 45, was staying nearby at the time and has a long history of drug arrests. He is currently in jail in Florida on apparently unrelated charges and has been described by relatives as a 'mixed-up kid' . His fiance, who wanted to remain anonymous, said it was a 'weird coincidence' but insists she was with him the whole time  .
Murderer Robert Donovan, 57, walked out of Ford Open Prison in Arundel, Sussex, in 2010. It took police four years to find him after he had been missing for four years. He is one of 39 inmates on the run from the 500-inmate prison, which has the worst escape record.
Ed Miliband initially suggested he would 'abolish' non-domicile status on Wednesday. But it later emerged he is effectively proposing a time limit on it of between two and five years. Labour aides suggested this would raise as much as £1billion, but it seems the announcement has already had a negative impact on the capital's property market .
Robert Hardy is auctioning off more than 200 items he has collected over his career. The 89-year-old actor is a keen military historian and expert on the medieval longbow. He is also selling paintings, furniture, swords and crystal chandeliers.
Joshua Van Haften, 34, of Madison, was arrested Wednesday night at O'Hare International Airport in Chicago. He has been charged with attempting to provide material support to a foreign terrorist organization. Authorities claim he failed to cross the Turkey-Syria border into Syria.
University of Cologne scientist led research proposing a new theory. It suggests temperatures at Earth's equator were -40°C (-40°F) 2.4 billion years ago. The reasons why the whole planet was frozen are not understood. But it could have implications for finding life on frozen moons like Europa and Enceladus. This theory can also help explain a period in Earth’s history known as the Great Oxygen Transition. Here, oxygen levels began to rapidly rise from 0% to 21%.
The natural habitat of the mega-wealthy has a developing cultural underside. Lily Allen performed at Dubai's first Party in the Park in November. Karl Lagerfeld showed his Chanel Cruise collection in Dubai and Sarah Jessica Parker launched shoe collection .
Ministry of Defence 1, also known as ‘Churchill’s Toyshop’, was a weapons laboratory set up in 1939 by Winston Churchill. He encouraged his scientists to trial even the most absurd of inventions. Some were so successful they ended World War Two.
The TrackYourDose app was developed by Germany-based firm esooka. It uses a mathematical model developed by scientists and meteorologists. The £1.49 ($1.99) iOS app keeps a record of a user's personal radiation. This includes exposure from medical examinations, changes in a person's location and flights. It also tracks cosmic radiation from air travel and cosmic radiation on the ground. The app can measure all the relevant types of radiation, in particular neutron radiation produced in the atmosphere .
Lloyd Byfield, 48, pursued a relationship with 26-year-old Leighann Duffy before killing her in Walthamstow, London. He attacked her with a claw hammer and a kitchen knife in front of her daughter, six. Judge Nicholas Cooke told him he must have had a 'heart of stone' to have killed Ms Duffy. He was sentenced to life in prison with a minimum term of 26-and-a-half years for murder. Judge Cooke also expressed his 'unhappiness' at the failure of authorities to deport Byfield back to Jamaica. He said murder could have been prevented if he had been sent to Jamaica in 2005 .
The Eiffel Tower is the most visited paid-for landmark in the world, with 25,000 visitors a day. Workers at the landmark have joined the walkout in support of the unions strike against austerity measures. The closure will cost Paris tourism almost €387,500 (£280,000)
Emily Reay, 17, has natural auburn hair but colours it so it is brighter. She claims she has sported the same colour of hair for the last three years. Now teachers have told her to tone it down or she will be banned from lessons .
Mohamed Badie and 13 other defendants were handed their sentences as 37 people were jailed for life. The defendants were found guilty of plotting unrest from their headquarters in a Cairo protest camp. Judge Mohamed Nagy Shehata also sentenced two Islamists who have fled the country to death to death .
Brown signs normally only point to attractions or sites of historic significance. But in Dornoch, tourists are pointed towards the local slaughterhouse, which is being demolished. The bizarre sign caused an online stir after it was posted on Twitter and retweeted by Scots crime writer Ian Rankin .
Glenna Kohl of Barnstable spent years in the sun as a Cape Cod lifeguard and countless hours laying in indoor tanning beds while at college. She was diagnosed with stage III melanoma after she found a golf ball-sized lump in her groin while working out at the gym.
Michele Leonhart, who has run the agency since 2007, was expected to resign after telling a House committee last week there was 'no evidence' that sensitive information had been leaked but it's 'absolutely' possible that information had was compromised. President Obama's top spokesman refused to engage speculation today about Leonhart's employment status nor would not put the weight of the White House behind her. The White House declined to praise her.
The body-building community is in shock after the premature death of Phil Primmer. The Darwin man, aged just 42, had reportedly just been to see a doctor to seek treatment for neck pain. He was given CPR but it was too late by the time emergency services arrived, reportedly to the gym .
The U.S. spends $4bn a year on unnecessary medical costs due to mammograms generating false alarms and on treatment for breast tumors unlikely to cause problems. Breast cancer is the second most common cause of death from cancer among American women, claiming nearly 41,000 lives a year  .
David Cameron said voters were not ‘fully sure’ about the Tories at the last election. He said he only needed 23 seats to win a majority, before adding: ‘If I fall short of those 23 seats I will feel I have not succeeded’ in what I want to achieve'
Gemma Redhead was repeatedly raped at knifepoint by her former partner, Philip Kirby. He was jailed for eight years but was released after three years for breaching a restraining order. The mother-of-four was left terrified when he phoned her after he was released from prison last month.
Lorenzo Simon, 34, forced victim Michael Spalding, 39, to decorate his flat before attacking him. He then dismembered the handyman using a hacksaw and stuffed body parts into two suitcases. Simon, with the help of his girlfriend Michelle Bird, then threw the suitcases into a canal which they weighed down using concrete.
Vladimir Putin said Russia has key interests in common with the U.S. and needs to work with it on a common agenda. In his comments to the state-run Rossiya channel, Putin appeared to soften his anti-American rhetoric. Relations between Moscow and Washington have soured.
Mandy Dunford, 54, was followed around her farm by Kenneth Ward, 67, naked apart from socks and boots. The military historian even performed sex acts in front of her. Ward was jailed for five years in 2011 after admitting 11 counts of exposure and firearms offences. But he has successfully appealed to have restraining order overturned. It means he will be able to return to his cottage next door to Miss Dunford's farm in North Yorkshire.
Bodies of six soldiers were found in a farmer's field in Comines-Warneton, near Le Touquet, Belgium, in 2008 and 2010. It is thought they were given a field burial after they were killed in October 1914, near the city of Ypres. Their graves will be labelled as 'Known Unto God' by Rudyard Kipling.
Some brands contain more than a day’s recommended intake of sugar in a single 300ml serving. Local Government Association accused soft drink firms of ‘dragging their heels’ when it comes to minimising sugar in their products  .
The Acai Berry Bowl Cafe will serve £6 bowls of Brazilian superfood acai berries. The berries taste like blueberries and dark chocolate, with a distinctly earthy aftertaste. The acaí berry is a rich purple fruit indigenous to the Amazon rainforest .
Rosemary Taylor, communications director of the City of Brookhaven in Georgia, fired. Made 'racist' remark to photographer Nelson Jones at Cherry Blossom Festival two weeks ago. She allegedly stopped photo shoot with models Dominique Jackson, 18, and Khamlee Vongvone, 19. Said: 'This is not the image I want for the city' Girls' mouths 'dropped' and they and Mr Jones were asked to leave event by a city official  .
Francis Pusok, 30, fled his home in San Bernardino County, California, on Thursday after cops showed up to arrest him on identity theft charges. He led police on a two-and-a-half hour chase on horseback before they shot him with a taser and he fell to the ground. He was handcuffed for '99 per cent' of the beating and a deputy whispered into his ear 'This isn't over' as he lay on the ground, he said. 10 officers have been placed on paid leave as the FBI investigates the incident .
Timothy Eli Thompson was born premature on March 4 without any nasal passages or sinus cavities. His mother Brandi McGlathery said Facebook removed a photo of her son after a pro-life group tried to post it to promote his story on Facebook .
Robert Bates, 73, appeared in Tulsa district court on Tuesday and pleaded not guilty to second-degree manslaughter in the death of Eric Harris, 44, who was killed during a botched sting on April 2. The retired insurance executive, who is out on $25,000 bond, is allowed to take a month-long vacation to the Bahamas while out on bond. Harris' family said the decision sends a 'message of apathy with respect to the shooting' .
Nasa scientists in California have released new images of Ceres. They were taken by the Dawn spacecraft from a distance of 21,000 miles (33,000km) The spacecraft is beginning to move closer and closer to the dwarf planet. And it will soon study the whole planet - including its mystery bright spots. The images have not yet revealed what the mystery ‘bright spots’ on the surface of Ceres are. They are thought to be volcanoes or volcanoes, but could have different properties.
Miliband used a speech yesterday to say he would 'abolish' the 200-year-old rule for non-domicile status. But in January Ed Balls said it would cost the country money. Mike Keen said he was 'officially confused' over policy.
Scientists reviewed 20 different studies of penis size, including 15,521 measurements of penises from around the world. Most men fall within a couple of centimetres of each other .
Report to French government urges diners to embrace 'le doggy bag' in bid to reduce food waste. Socialist MP Guillaume Garot says change in attitudes could save France up to €20 billion a year. French diners have previously seen doggy bags as 'embarrassing' .
Elite troops were called in from Nairobi to Garissa to aid in the pre-dawn attack on the university. But soldiers did not arrive at the scene until just before 2pm, local media claims. Government representatives have defended the long response time, comparing it to being a goalkeeper. One of the four gunmen responsible for the brutal mass-murders has been identified as a lawyer son of a Kenyan government official. The bodies of the alleged attackers were paraded today .
David Cameron and George Osborne appeared in Bristol and Bath Science Park. The PM was speaking in an almost empty science park on the city’s outskirts, filled with party activists .
U.S. District Judge Lance Africk set a trial date for June 22 for Robert Durst, an estranged member of the wealthy family that operates 1 World Trade Center. He also faces a murder charge in California and two state weapons charges in Louisiana. Durst was arrested last month on suspicion of the 2000 murder of his friend Susan Berman, who was about to talk to investigators.
Turia Pitt experienced burns to 64 per cent of her body during a September 2011 ultramarathon through the Kimberley, Western Australia. She is fitter and stronger than ever and recently ran a half-marathon and beat the time she ran before she was burned. Turia is hosting a fundraising gala on Thursday to raise funds for the Australian charity, Interplast. The gala aims to raise money for more volunteer medicos to head overseas to save lives and livelihoods . She believes Australians take their medical system for granted and is inspired by her recovery .
Star Wars: Episode VII - The Force Awakens is predicted to rake in a global $500m on its opening weekend. That's more than the $483m record set by the final Harry Potter film - Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows – Part 2 - in 2011  .
Robert Penny, 83, of Malvern East, briefly appeared at Melbourne Magistrates court on Monday. He is charged with murdering Claire Acocks and his wife Margaret Penny at a hair salon in Portland in 1991. Penny was remanded in custody to appear in court for a committal mention on July 6, and is expected to apply for bail .
ESPN sports reporter Britt McHenry, 28, has been suspended from the network for a week after being caught on camera berating a parking lot attendant in Arlington, Virginia on April 6. She told Gina Michelle: 'Just being here makes my skin crawl... Maybe if I was missing some teeth they would hire me, huh?' The mother-of-three, a mother of three from New Jersey, is a sideline reporter for ESPN based in Washington D.C. The former model says she is 'taking a stand' against 'sexist' commercials that focus on 'appearance alone'
Ava Gardner called 34 Ennismore Gardens her 'little London retreat' and now a slice of it could be yours for £10,500 per week. The five bedroom, five bathroom apartment is just a short walk from Harrods and Hyde Park. It is spread over 3,054 square feet and boasts two reception rooms, a study and a modern state-of-the-art kitchen.
Lily James, the British star of Disney’s new blockbuster Cinderella, has worn more than £300,000 worth of frocks, shoes and jewellery. From £3,000 Jimmy Choo shoes to a £35,000 gown and a £40,000 necklace  .
A California homeowner's surveillance video captured footage of three burglars, two men and one woman, who broke into their home. The burglars can be seen entering the residence through the kitchen, peeking and even tip-toeing around as they walk through the living room.
Suzy Howlett, 54, has embarrassed husband and wife team Derek Tanswell and Sharon Snook over spelling, punctuation and grammar. In one section they promise that Ukip will 'take back control of our boarders' - so teacher wrote in red: 'I think you mean borders, not residents of a school or guest house' Ukip candidates defected to Nigel Farage's party two weeks ago and hope to be re-elected in May .
Timothy Rogalski, from Wallingford, Connecticut, called the school on Tuesday morning and left four messages on its office answerphone. The fifth time he called, he spoke to an administrative assistant. The 30-year-old accused staff of being behind the December 14, 2012 shooting that left 20 dead .
Iona Costello, 51, and her daughter Emily, 14, were last seen on March 30 near their home in the wealthy seaside village of Greenport, Long Island. Their car was found in a parking garage on 42nd street in Manhattan, but they left no other trace of their whereabouts. Relatives of the family, who own a horse farm on Long Island's North Fork, reported them missing on Tuesday after Emily did not return to school from Spring Break.
Seven of Slager's fellow cops responded to his call forback-up after the shooting - as handcuffed Walter Scott lay dead or dying with five bullet wounds to the back. But the fact that Scott's wounds were to his back do not feature in subsequent accounts of the shooting given to the media or in the force's incident report. Officers also told an internal report that they gave Scott CPR, but the video only shows them checking his pulse and standing over his body. One officer is also present when Slager picks up an object - allegedly his Taser - and puts it there.
Sellers are now wildly over-valuing their houses by around £74,000 - forcing buyers to barter them down. Buyers must now increasingly treat asking prices as a starting point for negotiations as sellers demand silly prices. Study found Britons selling properties refuse to admit.
Miliband bowed his head while church leaders 'put their hands forward towards Ed' as they prayed for him. Last year Mr Miliband described himself as a 'Jewish atheist', but all party leaders are now trying to reach religious groups .
The question, 'So when is Cheryl’s birthday?' was one of 25 questions set in the Singapore and Asian Schools Math Olympiad. Cheryl gives them a list of 10 possible dates: May 15, May 16, May 19, June 17, June 18, July 14, July 16, August 14, August 15 and August 17. Cheryl then tells Albert and Bernard separately the month and day of her birthday respectively. Each of the men does not know what the other has been told .
Helen Dunn, 78, from Stourbridge, West Midlands, was just 17 years old at the time of the cover shoot. Mother-of-two and grandmother was featured on the cover of a raunchy lads' mag from 1955. She went on to marry Manchester United footballer Alan Dunn three years later.
Charlie Kwentus, 42, from Webster Groves, Missouri, was granted his dying wish by the Annie's Hope Bereavement Center for Kids. The charity provided all of his family with star treatment for the day, with black tie makeovers and a limousine included. Tear-jerking footage from the special event shows him dancing with his daughters and giving a heartfelt speech.
Odds on second royal baby being called Sam have been slashed following success of Sam Waley-Cohen. The 33-year-old jockey helped the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge rekindle their romance in 2007. He rode to success at Aintree's Crabbies Topham Chase on Friday and in Grand National on Sunday. The royal baby is expected to arrive later this month, with a rumoured due date of April 25  .
Xiao Ying, 17, dumped her newborn child in the toilets of a shoe factory in Wenzhou City, China. When a cleaner found the baby boy he was 'icy cold' but his condition is improving. The father of the girl said they could not keep baby.
Prime Minister says he will amend Working Times regulations to allow three days of paid leave a year. Will apply to workers at firms with at least 250 staff - an estimated 10 million in the private sector and five million in public sector. Business leaders have criticised the move as 'heavy-handed government intervention' Communities Secretary Eric Pickles says policy is unworkable.
Peter Schweizer's new book, Clinton Cash, is due to be published May 5th by HarperCollins. It claims there is a clear trend of money flowing into the Clinton Foundation and rewards emerging for donors. Claims made against Clinton, Secretary of State from 2009-13, in forms such as free trade agreements and development projects.
Latika Bourke was adopted from an orphanage in India as an eight-month-old baby. She and two of her siblings were adopted by Penny and John Bourke from the same orphanage. Latika has visited the orphanage every year since 2012 and is grateful to have grown up in Australia. The movie Slumdog Millionaire led her to a spiritual journey back to India .
Gold Sachs predicts population growth will slow to 1.25 per cent over the next three years due to low birth rates, high death rates and falling net migration. Property prices are predicted to fall by up to 10 per cent in some states with economists tipping a housing surplus in 2017. The report predicts Australia's population will be 530,000.
Keith Boudreau, 42, of Quincy was pronounced dead on Friday morning following the March 23 attack where he was knocked to the ground and had his head stomped on while at Home Ice Sports Bar. Paul Fahey, 43, allegedly beat him for just staring in his direction. He was taken to hospital with life-threatening injuries following the attack and was removed from life support on Monday. On Wednesday, Fahey was arraigned on assault and battery charges, and pleaded not guilty, but will be charged with murder on Monday .
Flow VR provides passengers with a virtual image of the horizon that mimics the movements of the aircraft. This can help to combat the conflict between the information coming from a person's eyes and their sense of balance in the inner ear, which can lead to travel sickness. Device was created by British company Flow IFE .
Robin Ellis, now 73, was diagnosed with type 2 diabetes by chance in 1999, aged 58. Had none of the tell-tale symptoms such as increased thirst or urination. Was struck by Michel Montignac's book, Dine Out And Lose Weight, which advocates giving up white carbohydrates.
Patrick Randall was 16 in May 1990 when he held a knife to Gregory Smart's throat as his friend Billy Flynn shot him in the head. Flynn was Pamela Smart's then-16-year-old lover and shot her husband dead at her request. Randall won parole Thursday at his first hearing- he won't be released until after June 4. Randall and Flynn pleaded guilty to second-degree murder and after plea bargains eventually got sentences of 28 years.
Andy Murray and Kim Sears to marry in his home town of Dunblane this weekend. The couple will tie the knot at the cathedral in the Scottish town on Saturday . Local businesses have decorated their shop fronts with bunting and bunting ahead of the big day  .
The video shows how Angelo West, 41, immediately jumps out of the car and shoots Officer John Moynihan, 34, under the eye at close range after the policeman opens the driver-side door. West then fires at the other officers as he runs across the busy street. The video, captured from the surveillance camera of a nearby store, shows the beginning of the shootout that led to officers firing the fatal shots that killed West.
Residents claim to have heard 'drilling' noises on Good Friday, but thought it was road work. Police admit alarm went off at the scene after midnight but no police response was required. Former bank robber Noel 'Razor' Smith believes thieves returned a day later to steal more loot after becoming 'greedy'
Stormy weather system,  formed in the Tasman Sea, hasn't hit NSW this strong since 2007. East Coast Lows are characterised by gales or storm force winds that can damage buildings, fell trees and powerlines. They can also dump hundreds of millimetres of rain, causing flash flooding and riverine flooding. An estimated 100,000 homes are without power on Tuesday morning across Sydney, the Central Coast and Hunter region. Ferry services have been cancelled at Parramatta.
 Superior Court Judge Orlando Hudson Jr. said prosecutors had two aggravating factors and that Craig Stephen Hicks is 'death penalty qualified' Hicks is charged with three counts of first-degree murder in the February 10 killings of 23-year-old Deah Shaddy Barakat; his wife Yusor Mohammad Abu-Salha; and her sister, Razan Mohammad Abuha.
Kealeigh-Anne Woolley was just seven months old when she was shaken by Colin Heath in January 2000. She spent most of her life in a wheelchair and could only eat through a tube until her death in 2011. Police arrested Heath, now 43, last September and yesterday he was jailed for three years and two months. He admitted manslaughter at Birmingham Crown Court after admitting the charge.
Unidentified male concert-goer has come under fire for wearing controversial T-shirt at Coachella. The shirt features the words 'Eat Sleep Rape Repeat' on the front. The distasteful choice of words is thought to be a play on the Fatboy Slim song Eat Sleep Rave Repeat.
Conrad Clitheroe, 54, is in a cell with friends Gary Cooper and Neil Munro in Abu Dhabi jail. They were arrested in February at Fujairah Airport over claims they were a 'threat to national security' But his wife Valerie says he has now run out of blood pressure medication and guards 'don't care' None of the men have been charged with any offence since they were transferred there from Dubai .
Lisa Morgan, 40, altered Top of the World Roofing site to expose her cheating ex boyfriend. She said she wanted to stop other women falling for Sean Meade's 'charming' charm . Mr Meade, 45, told MailOnline: 'She's trying to ruin someone's life. I'm not the only person to have cheated on her, but what does that say about her?'     .
Jonathan Leblanc, the company’s top developer, said that the devices would be powered by stomach acid and include mini computers. He said that technology had become so advanced that it allowed ‘true integration with the human body’. Edible capsules could check glucose levels or blood pressure before beaming out encrypted data .
Papamoa Beach, a popular Bay of Plenty destination, was an idyllic haven for swimmers until a shark came into the shore. Onlookers initially got out of the sea sharpish, but soon returned to take photographs and videos of the 2.5m.
Chris Ball made the most gut-wrenching final goodbye video to his family before taking his own life. The 21-year-old told them not to blame themselves because 'depression is a disease and I'm pretty weak-hearted' . His family have shared the video to raise awareness of the crippling disease which takes the lives of more young Australians than car accidents and skin cancer. Chris was sent home from hospital 11 days earlier because of a shortage of beds .
Draft syllabus for 14 to 16-year-olds unveiled by Oxford, Cambridge and RSA Examinations. Students will be asked to study a review of a gritty 15-rated foreign film. Others will look at Spanish tweets on the Olympic Games and online gaming and YouTube .
McDonnell and her husband, former Gov. Bob McDonnell, were convicted in a joint trial in September of accepting more than $165,000 in gifts and loans from former Star Scientific Inc. CEO Jonnie Williams. Among the gifts were almost $20,000 worth of designer clothing and accessories for Maureen McDonnell, vacations, golf outings and $15,000 for a daughter's wedding. They remain free .
Researchers at the University of Sheffield analysed people with a body mass index of 30 or more. They found obese people fall into one of six categories:. 'Heavy drinking males' showed similar characteristics, but consumed a high level of alcohol. 'Younger healthy females' were the group most likely to display positive health characteristics. 'Physically sick but happy elderly' had a higher prevalence of chronic health problems including high blood pressure and above average alcohol consumption.
Psychologists from Goldsmiths University of London, and Ohio State University in the US studied more than 13,000 twins aged nine to 16 from six countries. They found that 40 to 50 per cent of the differences in children’s motivation to learn could be explained by their genetic inheritance from their parents. The researchers said they were surprised by the results, believing that the twins’ shared environment would be a larger factor.
Andrew O'Clee, 36, married Michelle Agbulos, 39, in 2008 in West Acton, West Sussex. But while they were trying for a baby, he started affair with Philippa Campbell, 30, in 2011. He married again in August 2013 - even forging divorce documents so his family could attend wedding. Michelle discovered deception when she came across video of him completing ice bucket challenge on Facebook. He was jailed for eight months yesterday after admitting bigamy at Chichester Crown Court for four years .
Samantha has received death threats for standing up and saying 'I'm beautiful' The 44-year-old says Dove's new campaign exploits women's need to act modestly. She has received thousands of emails from critics.
Ralph Cramer, 70, and his wife, Lynn, 59, were returning home from the Creekside Café in Mount Joy at about 9 p.m. on Sunday when the accident occurred. First responders arrived to find that the couple had died from multiple traumatic injuries suffered .
Several DEA agents were taking part in these parties in Bogota as early as 2001, said a summary of a DEA report released by the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. This news comes two weeks after a report found that at least 7 agents admitted sleeping with prostitutes while overseas .
Prosecutors say the driver with a concealed carry permit shot a 22-year-old man who opened fire on a group of pedestrians in Logan Square. The man, identified by The Washington Post as Everardo Custodio, shot at people walking in front of the driver’s vehicle on Friday night. The driver - a 47-year old man from the Little Italy neighborhood - then grabbed his own weapon and fired six rounds at Custodios multiple times.
Dramatic rescue earlier in the week led to 210 mainly-Burmese nationals being identified. Majority of them said they were desperate to leave island village of Benjina, Indonesia. Those who said they wanted to stay did so because they were owed years of back pay. Last week, Indonesian authorities rescued 330 migrants .
Tony Lopez Lozano, 35, was charged with the August 2013 murder of his boyfriend, Brian Romo, after fatally stabbing Romo in the heart following an argument at their Oregon City home. He pleaded guilty to first-degree manslaughter as part of a plea deal and, on Monday, a judge sentenced him to 10 years in prison -- much to the dismay of the victim's mother, Kathleen Tapia  .
Chief executive George Whitesides has said the new spacecraft is nearly ready. He said it could begin test flights by the end of this year. Its predecessor was destroyed in a crash in the Mojave Desert in October 2014. Co-pilot Michael Alsbury was killed and pilot Peter Siebold was injured in the crash. The company said it is planning to use lessons learned from the crash to ensure that the new spaceship works ‘better’. The National Transportation Safety Board is yet to publish its report on the crash .
Three young people got out of a red ute to confront another driver at a set of traffic lights. One woman pulled out a dagger and stabbed the car's bonnet before walking back to their ute. The driver has been suspended for 12 months from driving and hit with a $2000 fine .
Herpes is highly contagious and spreads from one person to another via skin-to-skin contact. It is commonly passed on through sex and oral sex. When a person sweats, it provides a breeding ground for bacteria or viruses to survive .
Body of Sarah Fox, 27, was found by police on Thursday night in Bootle, Merseyside. Her mother Bernadette Fox, 57, found dead at sheltered accommodation just half a mile away. Police say Mrs Fox died of asphyxiation, while her daughter was repeatedly stabbed . Police are now appealing for the public's help to track down Peter Fox, 26, in connection to the deaths. Mr Fox is described as white, between 5ft 2in and 5ft 5in and of slight build with brown eyes.
Police have returned to the home of Bill Spedding for the third time this year. The 63-year-old repairman is a person of interest in the case of missing toddler William Tyrrell. He was due to fix William's grandmother's washing machine around the time the boy vanished in September last year. William's parents made an impassioned plea for their son to be returned to them on Friday. Police have revealed that they believe William may be alive, despite fears that he was abducted by a paedophile ring operating on the mid-north coast of NSW. The focus of the investigation has shifted dramatically and is now 'progressing rapidly'
The clip, which features Jesse and Melissa Meek rapping as they drive in a car, has been viewed over 1.7 million times on YouTube. The original song for the popular NBC sitcom, sung by star Will Smith, details how his character grew up in West Philadelphia, where he got into a neighborhood fight - and at his mother's insistence, moved to his aunt and uncle's home in their wealthy Los Angeles neighborhood.   .
A dramatic road rage incident between a truck driver and two young men has been caught on camera. The footage was taken last Monday in Forrestville in northern Sydney. It shows a driver behind the wheel of an AC & S truck tailgating, yelling and flashing his lights aggressively. The incident started on Warringah Road and continued for 8.5km until both the car and the truck were forced to stop.
Researchers in North Carolina claim that zapping the brain with a mild electric current can boost creativity by nearly eight per cent. They tested their theory using a 10-Hertz current on volunteers.
Aydian Ethan Dowling has around 40,000 votes to win the publication's annual Ultimate Guy Search. If he wins he would follow Iraq war veteran and amputee Noah Galloway, who clinched the top spot last year. The magazine said he embodies the values they are looking for in a cover star.
Cathryn Parker, 72, has been living as 74 different people, mainly Hollywood production workers. She was arrested after she was stopped for a traffic violation and gave police a false name. The case is one of the biggest cases of identity theft the state has ever seen.
Sue Sim came to national prominence five years ago as Northumbria Police dealt with the Raoul Moat manhunt. She said she was 'sad' to leave the force but was retiring to spend more time with her family after 30 years.
David Silva and Everton's Phil Jagielka among around a dozen players sponsored by the firm. Arsenal forward Walcott tweeted: 'For 25 hours you can get 25% discount on Adidas.co.uk if you use friendsoftheo'
Those championing pink include Christine Lagarde, the first female chief executive of the International Monetary Fund. Plaid Cymru's Leanne Wood chose a bright shade of the colour for her live election debate last Thursday. Samantha Cameron and Lorraine Kelly and Ruth Langsford have also been seen wearing different shades of pink.
Hafeez Ahmed Bhatti was racially abused along with his wife on a Sydney train on Wednesday. Stacey Eden, 23, stood up for the Muslim woman and her partner after witnessing the racist tirade. She recorded the woman berating the Muslim couple for wearing a black headscarf on the Airport Line train. Ms Eden said the woman was 'bullying' the couple and called them 'ISIS supporters' . Police are urging anyone who witnessed the attack, caught on camera, to come forward.
John Tuite, 22, and Carlos Santolalla, 25, are the first openly gay couple to be signed to a modeling agency. The couple, who go by the nickname Jarlos, have been pictured with celebrities like Gigi Hadid and Paris Hilton and Harry Styles .
Shezoy Bleary, 22, was seen leaving New York City's 10th police precinct on his way to court just as Chris Copeland was undergoing surgery for his injuries on Wednesday. Copeland, a former player for the New York Knicks, was slashed in the elbow and abdomen and underwent surgery to repair the wounds. His wife, Katrine Saltara, 28, was also stabbed during the early-morning altercation after they left popular New York club 1 OAK. Two other NBA players were arrested at the scene of the attack.
Kim Hill was abused by her step-father Derek Osborne from the age of four. The 31-year-old was forced to dress up in her mother's lingerie and watch porn films. For years Kim bottled up the memories until she met her husband Rob, 34, who guessed she had been abused. Rob encouraged her to approach the police about attacker.
The 34-year-old reality star said she is creating an 'archive' of her most infamous outfits, which she stores in clear plastic bags. Kim credited her husband for 'introducing' her to the fashion world and added that she wants their daughter to follow in their footsteps .
Total revenue over the 12-month period grew 11.8 per cent to just over £1.1bn. Poundland has become Europe's largest single-price discount retailer. Firm began as a single shop in Burton-on-Trent 25 years ago.
According to Nielsen ratings, ABC's World News Tonight with David Muir attracted 84,000 more viewers for the week ending April 3, with the show pulling in 7.997 million viewers compared to Nightly's 7.913 million. NBC's 288 consecutive week winning run had stetched back to September 2009 and the drop from the top spot comes two months after anchor Brian Williams received a six-month suspension for misleading viewers about his coverage of the Iraq War. In Williams' absence, well-liked veteran Lester Holt continues to fill in as substitute anchor.
Jason Edward Harrington, who worked with TSA for six years, claims groping is a daily occurrence at security checkpoints. Said staff will often pull attractive travellers aside so they can inappropriately touch them. Comments follow revelations that two TSA workers were fired for manipulating body scanners in Denver .
Matthew Whelan, 35, from Birmingham, has spent more than £40,000 on tattoos and body modifications. He has changed his name to King of Inkland King Body Art The Extreme Ink-ite but goes by Body Art for short. He says his unusual looks have made it difficult to find work because of workplace discrimination.
Nasa scientists in California have revealed new images of the dwarf planet Ceres. They reveal new views of the two brightest spots in a crater. However, scientists are still not able to explain what they are. Several theories currently exist for what they might be, with the favoured being salt flats or ice - both reflecting sunlight. Dawn will begin its first science orbit around Ceres on 23 April. There is high interest in the mission because Ceres is seen as being a record of the early solar system, and may have shifting ice.
Swiss researchers measured the temperature of 'Hot Jupiter' HD 189733b. They found the temperature reaches up to 3,000°C in the atmosphere of the planet. And wind speeds are in excess of 620mph (1,000km/h) The findings were made using a novel technique relying on sodium signals. The technique works by measuring the ‘sodium signal’ from distant worlds. When a planet passes in front of its star, the intensity of this signal varies. Depending on how weak or strong the signal is, it is possible to work out how hot the planet is   .
The driver of the car said he got into an argument with the suspects while he was pumping gas at a 76 Station in South Los Angeles. The group covered his white Dodge Charger in gasoline and lit it ablaze while there were two passengers inside.
Dashcam footage shows the officers using their patrol vehicles to steer the one ton bison off the road and back to his farm near the city of Round Rock. The animal, named Big Boy, continues to run along the sidewalk but at one point he veers in front of the police car and over to the other side of the road. Despite the detour, the buffalo made it home safely free of injury.
The test was carried out by Cardiff-based iPhone repairs specialist iPhoneFixed.co.uk. It used a sapphire screen from a 38mm Apple Watch for its experiment. Two out of the three models of Apple Watches, which are available to pre-order from today, have sappire glass screens. The only one that doesn't is the Sport model, which has a strengthened Ion-X glass screen, thought to be more shatterproof.
Care Mulligan's grandmother Margaret Booth suffers from Alzheimer's disease. The 29-year-old actress said her gran hasn't recognised her in at least five years. She said there is a 'shame or humour' attached to the illness, which causes memory loss and language problems  .
Annegret Raunigk, from Berlin, is expecting quadruplets at the age of 65. Her youngest child told her: 'I want to have a little brother or sister' Sue Tollefsen gave birth to her only child, Freya, in 2008 when she was 57. She said she thinks Annegret is 'selfish' for having more children .
Gary Barlow is preparing for his musical Finding Neverland to open on Broadway and the new Take That tour to begin. He told MailOnline that Jason Orange is excited to come and see his former bandmates on their new tour. He said: 'He wants to come to the shows, he'll definitely be there. I don't think we'll be able to get him up on stage but he'll be there' . Jason left the band last September.
Cle 'Bone' Sloan told police Suge Knight growled 'I'm going to kill you' before 'everything went black' Police say that was the moment before Knight killed Terry Carter and tried to kill Sloan by ramming over them in his pick-up truck. Knight, 49, has denied killing Carter and trying to killing Sloan .
Truck drivers in Victoria are dealing drugs from the behind the wheel of 60-tonne rigs, using secretive codes over their radio systems. 156 truck drivers tested positive for drugs on Victoria's roads in the past year alone. One in every 12 truckies are high on illicit substances when they are pulled over by police. Police say flippant drivers are treating other motorists like roadkill and risking lives.
More than £1.5billion worth of unwanted online shopping items are piling up in wardrobes. Four in ten Britons have an average £77 of unwanted good lying around because they have not got around to returning it .
Ruzena Tancosova, 34, brother Petr, 35, cousin Martin and Nela Dzurkova, 26, and Katerina Kurejova, 35 all on trial for people trafficking. They are accused of illegally trafficking Czech migrants into the UK and 'treating them like dogs' Court heard they were forced to urinate in buckets and live and eat outside in winter .
Zeynab Daghastani, 13, was reportedly gunned down by ISIS snipers as she fled the militants. She was reportedly trying to flee Al-Yarmouk Camp, on the outskirts of Damascus, when she was killed. Thousands of Palestinians have been trying to escape Yarmouk since ISIS captured the area earlier this month.
Holly Beard, 24, and Steve Hancock, 27, tipped the scales at 41st between them when they got engaged. But after Holly received cruel taunts in her workplace the couple went on a joint diet losing 11st in nine months .
The Maldives have been on the top ten of honeymoon destinations for years. The sea is breathtakingly cerulean blue, the sand as soft as flour and the air so clear it feels like there might be a fourth dimension. Even the fruit bats are happy .
Lindex opened its first UK store in Westfield Stratford, London, on March 27. Christy Turlington, Liya Kebede and Toni Garrn are the faces of the brand's Spring 2015 campaign. Christy founded charity Every Mother Counts in 2010 .
Former Royal chef Darren McGrady said that as children the brothers swapped the instructions from their nanny for their own in which they asked for fast food. William and Harry were apparently fed up with the endless diet of traditional English food so wanted a change. Mr McGrady is the former chef to The Queen and Princess Diana and spent a total of 15 years cooking for them at Buckingham Palace and Kensington Palace.
The government has approved funding for Cambridgeshire-based Mole Solutions to develop the idea. The plan aims to reduce the level of road freight within urban areas by using freight pipelines. The development project is set to last nine months and if successful could be rolled out in other towns  .
Jodie Bredo, 26, from Essex, has been a professional Kate lookalike for six years. Wishes the Duchess of Cambridge would 'change her hair for once' Says she fancies Prince Harry more than Prince William and is not tempted to have her own happy ending like the royal couple .
Families in the UK are more indebted than those in many other major developed nations, says IMF. UK singled out as having problem with household debt, along with Portugal. Soaring house prices have pushed up household debt in Britain in recent years.
'He should have been in a retirement home, not out there on the scene killing my dad,' Aidan Fraley said of Robert Bates. The 16-year-old believes everyone on the Tulsa force is to blame for the April 2 death of his father Eric Harris and says 'they should all go down'
'Red' Len McCluskey gave me the time of day on a street in Neath as he conducted a two-day tour of the Principality to drum up support for Labour's cause. But his union is a potent, sinister force.
Norma Esparza, 40, testified Thursday at the murder trial of her ex-boyfriend, Gianni Van, 45, who is charged with killing Gonzalo Ramirez in 1995. Prosecutors say Van and friends kidnapped and beat Ramirez and dumped his body on the side of the road in Irvine, California. They say he was killed as revenge for raping his on-and-off girlfriend, who went on to become a psychology professor in Europe. Van's lawyer said his client had no role in the murder and knew nothing of any plans to kidnap or kill Ramirez. Prosecutors allege Van was aided by his friend Kody Tran and his wife Diane Tran.
New app, Honest, allows users to pose questions, remain anonymous and get feedback from fellow anonymous users. Personal dilemmas range from relationship questions to sexual dysfunction and secret crushes. Launched last month by two London advertising executives .
Liverpool players Raheem Sterling and Jordon Ibe have been pictured smoking a shisha pipe. The pictures were taken in a London bar earlier this season. It is the second time Sterling has been seen smoking from a pipe in the past few days. Click here for more Liverpool news .
Serbian-born Andreja Pejic, 23, is the new face of Make Up For Ever. The model, who underwent sex reassignment surgery last year, is thought to be the first ever transgender model to land a major cosmetics campaign. She appears in the May issue of Vogue.
 burger chain contacted newly-engaged couple via Skype and gave them the good news. BK will be paying for the wedding and providing personalized gift bags, Mason Jars and Burger King crowns. Burger and King have known each other since kindergarten .
ComRes survey of 4,000 undecided voters found a slim majority more impressed with Cameron than Miliband. 37% of floating voters have been impressed with PM's performance on the campaign trail so far. Separate poll of marginal seats by Lord Ashcroft suggests Ukip's vote is being squeezed in key constituencies. Education Secretary Nicky Morgan is set to hold her marginal seat in Loughborough.
US scientists have found a way to use discarded corn husks and stalks to make cheap hydrogen fuel. Breakthrough could one day see the fuel being produced locally and drivers stopping to refuel their vehicles at roadside bioreactors. It could accelerate the take up of biogas for cars and speed up the take-up of hydrogen cars .
Lisa McElroy, 50, who teaches legal writing at Drexel University, reportedly sent the inappropriate message on March 31 under the subject line: 'Great article on writing briefs' When recipients opened the enclosed link, they were directed to a video of 'a woman engaging in a sexually explicit act'
Out of 384 applications that have inundated the department about 80 per cent have been approved to use the word Anzac. Forty-four items were rejected for a range of reasons, including it was too commercial or its name was inappropriate. The deadline for applications is April 25.
Gang broke into an aviary and bundled 200 of the animals into sacks and containers on January 12. They dumped them on the floor before kicking them and forcing them out of barely open windows. One resident reported that a dead bird was posted through his letterbox while others were dropped through windows .
A New Jersey woman is lucky to be alive after being rescued from her overturned vehicle just as it started to catch fire. Police in the borough of Kinnelon race to the incident just after 6 p.m. on Thursday following a tip-off about someone driving erratically. The woman pulled from the wreck has been identified as Dawn Milosky, 45, of Beachwood, New Jersey .
The marine mammal was discovered bleeding from its head along the south end of Sharp Park State Beach in Pacifica on Tuesday. On Wednesday scientists and biologists sought to determine how the massive animal died. It is the seventeenth dead sperm whale to beach along the North Coast of California in over the 40 years that the California Academy of Sciences, has been handling such cases, a spokeswoman said .
Jessica Silva's ex partner, James Polkinghorne, sent her a text message threatening to 'cave her f***ing head in' and 'bash the f***' out of her. He arrived at her Marrickville home fuelled on 'ice' on Mothers Day in 2012. Fearing for her life, Ms Silva called her brother to come help her and sent her mother a desperate text message that said, 'Mum, the psycho is coming'
The world's largest cattle station is for sale in Anna Creek, South Australia. It covers a huge 23,000 square kilometres and includes original stock and equipment. The 11 farms are being sold by the family business S. Kidman and Co and have 155,000 cattle .
Two women aged 47 and 22, and two men aged 24 and 22 held at Manchester Airport. They were among eight relatives stopped at the Turkish border with Syria on April 1. University student Waheed Ahmed, 21, is the son of Labour councillor Shakil Ahmed. Pictures emerged yesterday of Ahmed smirking on his way to the airport just hours before his arrest.
The First Lady and 'Grandmother-in-chief' Marian Robinson, 76, dined at Lupa restaurant in New York's Greenwich Village on Saturday. The pair enjoyed a five-course set meal at the small Italian eatery. Owner and restaurant mogul Mario Batali was heard describing Michelle as 'a lovely woman' .
Aeman Presley, 34, faces charges for the killing of two homeless men in Atlanta, another man sleeping outdoors in DeKalb County and a hairdresser in a parking garage in Decatur. District attorneys in both counties have said they will seek the death penalty. The man had taken a Greyhound bus from Los Angeles to Atlanta last May 'hoping to rejuvenate his beleaguered acting career' After killing the first man, he felt a 'self-described adrenaline fueled high' .
Alanna and Stephan Goetzinger lost their daughter Rana during a stillbirth in 2012. Coroner found that the midwife who assisted at the birth was 'grossly inadequate' and may have contributed to the death of the baby. But the couple have spoken out against the coroner's report which blames their midwife. Alanna, 39, and Stephan, 57, are adamant that Rana was stillborn, and that it was very clear from the moment she was born.
Tipu Sultan was gunned down shortly before 10pm last night at the back of the Herbs n Spice takeaway in South Shields. Emergency services found Mr Sultan, who lived in Sunderland, with a gunshot wound and he was pronounced dead at the scene . Witnesses report seeing two men wearing crash helmets and dressed in dark clothing on a motorbike driving away from the area immediately after the shooting .
Neil Moore, 28, was on remand at Wandsworth Prison for £1.8m fraud when he sent fake email. He emailed wardens posing as a court clerk manager at 'Southwalk Crown Court' Judge described escape as 'sophisticated and ingenious' and jailed him for seven years.
Vulcan will use new engines, mid-air recovery and a new upper stage aimed at enabling complex on-orbit manoeuvres. ULA's plan is to skip returning the whole booster, an approach favoured by rival SpaceX .
More than a third of mothers clothed their second baby in one or more hand-me-downs. Only 23 per cent have a keepsake of their second child, compared to 82 per cent who have a memento of their first.
Cassandra Cassidy, 24, was fatally wounded as she tried to help two women 'afraid of men in a car' She had just arrived for her late-night shift at a half-way house for people struggling with substance abuse in Las Vegas.
Kim Sears watched Andy Murray lose to Novak Djokovic in the men's final of the Miami Open. The bride-to-be wore a short black silk dress with a zip front and a straw hat to keep her glowing complexion intact for her wedding on April 11.
'The only money we should waste on you is the cost of a bullet,' Jackson County Chief Circuit Judge Thomas Wilson told 'monster' James Tingley of Michigan on Thursday. 'You are basically you are a monster who has destroyed the innocence of numerous children,' Wilson said. Tingly was convicted on March 3 of heinous sex crimes against two girls over a six year period. His crimes span a period of 50 years. Police know of at least five other girls he abused .
The University of Wisconsin Badgers defeated the University of Kentucky Wildcats 71-64 in Saturday night's semi-final game. The Badgers will now face off against Duke in the NCAA final on Monday - the school's first final since 1941 . While the Badgers were celebrating on the court Saturday night, violence broke out on the streets of Lexington where a huge crowd gathered to vent the loss. 31 people were arrested on charges of public intoxication and disorderly conduct.
Travel doesn’t come cheap, but it is possible to see some of the most amazing places on the planet on a tight budget. House-sitting is one of the easiest ways to trim costs on a trip abroad because it eliminates the need to spend a huge amount of money on accommodation. .
Gareth Huw Davies enjoys the new stability on the teardrop-shaped island in the Indian Ocean. The island's unique subspecies of elephants are a vestige of ancient Sri Lanka. Sigiriya is an ancient palace of ages.
Mai Mach, 60, was stabbed 23 times with garden shears in the backyard of her Melbourne home last Tuesday. Hours earlier her grandson Alistair Mach, 4, was also stabbed 18 times as he slept in his bed. Chinese tourist Cai Xia Liao, 45, has been charged with their murder. A fundraising page set up by friends of the family to help pay funeral expenses has raised almost $50,000 in less than a week.
Alan Davey was asked about changes to general classical music knowledge over 30 years. Radio 3 is the least listened-to of the BBC's main stations, with just two million listeners to its name .
Keir Starmer ran the Crown Prosecution Service for five years. He was in charge when Operation Elveden began its tainted 'witch hunt' into tabloid journalists. He pushed use of 13th century misconduct in public office law.
WARNING: GRAPHIC FOOTAGE. In two videos, Mario Valencia is captured walking along a street in Marana, Arizona, carrying a rifle. He points loaded weapon into the air and a shot rings out as he points it in the air. Officer Michael Rapiejko tells colleague in other car: 'Stand off, the gun is loaded' But apparently ignoring his advice, he overtakes car, before speeding straight toward Valencia. Seconds later, his vehicle mounts the curb and smashes into the suspect's body. Valencia is sent flying into air, while the car crashes through a concrete wall before coming to a halt. He was rushed to hospital in serious condition and booked into jail two days later.
Lamborghini owner Safer Hassan has 30 days to get rid of '370H55V' license plate. Texas Department for Motor Vehicles deemed it 'offensive' and will cancel it .
April Morris of Bennettsville thought she’d never see her beloved pit bull, Nina Louise, again after she went astray in December 2013. Months of searching and a $500 cash reward proved fruitless. But this past Saturday she couldn't believe her eyes when she saw footage of the malnourished pup's heartbreaking rescue on local news. The emotional reunion was caught on camera.
Angela Merkel and husband Joachim Sauer have been spending Easter on the small island of Ischia, near Naples. The couple traditionally spend their holiday at the five-star Miramare Spa Hotel on the south of the island near Naples .
The Royal County of Berkshire Polo Club has become one of Britain's most elite sporting venues. It's attracted royals and celebrities including Prince William and Harry, Stephanie Powers and Bill Wyman. But attempts to launch a brand of polo-related goods have been scuppered.
Mei Ru, 50, and her husband Song Ming, 53, were going shopping in the city of Fuzhou, south east China. Mr Ming climbed out of the passenger door and stood behind the car as his wife reversed, knocking him down and backing up over him.
Nigel Farage caused controversy last week by attacking high cost of giving anti-retroviral drugs. He said foreign nationals with HIV accounted for 60% of 7,000 cases a year. Ed Miliband said his comments were 'disgusting' and Nick Clegg said they were 'politics'
Brits spend £815m a year to 'social media proof' their wardrobe, according to a new study. Almost a fifth of those polled said they would refuse to wear an outfit again if they knew there was a chance of appearing in the same outfit online .
Claudia Alende, 21, came second in last year's Miss BumBum competition. Claims Indianara Carvalho, 23, has 'revealed who she truly is' with risqué Easter stunt. She said: 'She is an attention-seeking sl*t, and now she's revealing to everyone else who she is' Miss Alende said she was left 'shocked and ashamed' by her rival's stunt.
Charles Collins, 28, was walking ahead of Alfred McNamee when he heard him slip and fell onto the tracks. He jumped down and pulled the elderly man to safety at the 15th Street station in central Philadelphia. Collins was praised for his actions, but insisted that he's 'not a hero' and put it all down to 'instinct' and 'just instincts'
Valbona Yzeiraj was arrested on Thursday and pleaded not guilty to charges of assault, unauthorized practice of a profession and reckless endangerment. The 45-year-old did injections in people's mouths, performed root canals and on several occasions pulled patients' teeth. She claimed to have dental training in her native Albania but authorities said she had no license in the U.
Steve Esmond and his wife, Dr Theresa Devine, and their two teenage sons fell seriously ill during their stay at the Sirenusa Condominium Resort on the island of St. John. Sean, 16, and Ryan, 14, were airlifted to separate hospitals in Philadelphia suffering major respiratory trauma. They remain in critical condition .
Exercise can increase grey matter in the brain, increasing the size of areas that contribute to balance and coordination. Changes in brain may have health implications in the long-term, such as reducing the risk of falling, says study's author.
Average cost of the big day hits £25,000, but thrifty brides are on the hunt for ways to budget. FEMAIL has compiled the best budgeting tips for brides-to-be on a budget.
Clarkson set to appear as guest presenter on Have I Got News For You on April 25. It is believed he was booked to appear on the show before he was sacked from Top Gear. He was dropped from the motoring show by the BBC on March 25 after punching a producer over a steak dinner.
Gary Saurage, 45, who runs the Gator Country wildlife park in Beaumont, Texas, was called out on Monday morning to catch a giant 400lb, 11ft-long alligator from a family pond.
The White House Kitchen Garden was full of school children on Wednesday afternoon as FLOTUS oversaw a session of planting spinach, broccoli, lettuce, radish and bok choy. The first lady, who wasted no time getting stuck in in in her black leggings and burgundy hoodie, was announcing the launch of the latest part of her ongoing Let's Move initiative. She then changed into a flawless black dress for the annual Grammys On The Hill Awards which were held at Hamilton Live in Washington, D.C. .
High-end ski-tour company Haute Montagne has fulfilled requests made by guests. Guests requested a horse and carriage on stand-by 24 hours a day, two grand pianos and a live-in tailor. One guest requested a bouquet larger than Kate Middleton's.
Kimm Hang, 22, is the youngest designer to show at Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia. The Brisbane-based designer is committed to looking after workers in his family's home country of Cambodia  .
Clip appears to have been taken after Sunday's Manchester derby which United won 4-2. It shows police on horseback on the forecourt behind the away section struggling to keep the two sets of rival fans apart. It then appears to capture City supporters singing the song which mocks the 1958 tragedy.
Tracy Spraggins, 39, has suffered from Lupus, a chronic inflammatory disease, since she was six. She was placed on the transplant list in 2013 after her sister died from the disease. Her husband PJ, a musician from Birmingham, Alabama, was told he was a perfect match but needed to lose 70lbs .
First identified in 2000, Jerusalem syndrome is characterised by anxiety, agitation and nervousness. Sufferers are often consumed by a need to be clean, before donning a toga-like gown. The next stage sees sufferers overcome by the need to scream, or sing out loud psalms, verses from the Bible or religious hymns.
Polling last night showed that the nationalists are extending their lead - threatening to all but wipe out Labour. But Ed Miliband refused four times to rule out going into a power-sharing agreement with the SNP. SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon dominated the so-called ‘challengers’ debate’ on Thursday.
Photographer Laura Stevens, 38, asked friends and women she met to pose 'as she was feeling' for the project. The British photographer, who lives in Paris, found inspiration for the series after her own painful break-up  .
Johnny Manziel and Colleen Crowley were spotted together in public for the first time since he entered rehab when they attended Tuesday night's Texas Rangers game. The pair appear to remain an item, but Crowley has been taking heat on Instagram for refusing to give up her wild ways. On Tuesday, Crowley posted a video on her Instagram page of the Texan socialite enjoying a drunken night.
The shares are one of the most popular in the UK due to the hugely successful ‘Tell Sid’ advertising campaign when British Gas was privatised. The share sell-off encouraged people to spread news of the offer with the slogan ‘If you see Sid, tell him’, saw more than 1.5million people pay 135p a share.
The woman, named only as Ms Zhao, lives in a house bursting with frozen dishes and snacks. Husband Yin Yunfeng spent the last week of his annual holiday making all sorts of stir-fried dishes. He also made about 1,000 dumplings as a way to show his love to his wife before returning to service .
The fire was sparked by a cooking stove in the Prado Dam Flood Control Basin north of the city of Corona, California. Hundreds of people were forced to evacuate their homes in the middle of the night. Evacuation orders were lifted.
Nathan Baggaley has been taken back into custody for allegedly assaulting a police officer. The 39-year-old was found in a toilet cubicle at the Byron Bay Blues Festival with white powder. The former kayker was already facing serious drug charges. The Olympian will remain in custody after his bail application was rejected on Thursday.
Pippa, 31, looked glamorous in a tweedy skirt, black blouse and cropped black blazer. She accessorised her look with £159 black pumps by Jemima Vine and oversized sunglasses .
The two-bedroomed terraced house - Number 20 The Lindens in New Addington, near Croydon - was bulldozed in June 2013. In its place, two new houses have been built, which will be numbered 19a and 19b, completely wiping number 20 from the map. The two identical houses come with a garden, shed and new solar panels on the roof of the roof .
Aubrey de Grey is a charismatic Harrow School and Cambridge-educated biomedical theorist. He believes there is no reason why any of us shouldn't reach 500, 1,000 or even 5,000 years of age. His theories have gained him some high-profile supporters in Silicon Valley. Peter Thiel donated £2.4 million to his anti-ageing institute.
Traffic came to a halt and pedestrians stood at attention for two minutes as the sirens rang out. Commemorations began at sunset on Wednesday and were to continue Thursday with Israeli leaders attending official ceremonies at Jerusalem's Yad Vashem Holocaust memorial, parliament and elsewhere.
Ten-week-old Qingqing is currently in a critical condition in hospital in eastern China. Her mother, identified only as Ms Li, left her by herself while they worked in nearby fields. Dog believed to be a stray stray .
All photos and videos taken using the app are added to a hidden album that only becomes visible the following day. All attendees of the event can see this album, and users can only delete photos they took themselves. Photos will be deleted by the Flashgap support team if the reason is legitimate, but this team has no access.
Chef Jacques LaMerde - which roughly translates to 'jack sh--' - pokes fun at high-end dining by dressing up cheap, fattening, convenience store goods to look like fancy gastronomic creations on Instagram.
Hercules and Leo are the first animals in history to be covered by a writ of habeas corpus. They are currently living in a lab at Stony Brook University, Long Island, New York. A representative of the university have been ordered to appear in court next month to respond to a petition by the Nonhuman Rights Project.
Charnelle Hughes, 20, was struck on the side of the head by the empty pint glass at the Adelphi Pub in Preston. The glass was hurled into a group of 40 people during a heavy metal gig by Jordan Goode, also 20. Goode had been dancing aggressively to heavy rock music and suddenly picked up the glass and threw it randomly. Miss Hughes had to be rushed to hospital after she started bleeding profusely and was suffering concussion  .
Chloe Knapton, 21, was driving home from a night out in Holmfirth, West Yorkshire, when she was attacked. A man smashed down her car window with a bottle while she was sitting in a traffic jam. She has been left with deep wounds to her shoulder, neck, nose and mouth.
Delroy Facey, 34, denies conspiracy to commit bribery at Birmingham Crown Court. Ex-Bolton Wanderers striker accused of acting as a middleman for two men convicted of match-fixing. Former non-league player Moses Swaibu, 25, also denies the charges. The pair are standing trial at the Crown's trial for three weeks .
More than 8,000 migrants took advantage of calm weather to cross the Mediterranean over the past weekend. More than 500 migrants have already died crossing the Mediterranean so far this year. This number is a sharp rise from just 47 in the same period of 2014 . The total rescued since Friday has now reached 8,480, from 40 boats.
Eric Coins, who was drinking in the city of Sunrise, Florida posted the video to YouTube accusing the man of wearing the uniform to get free drinks and meet women. The stand-off between the two men almost comes to blows as Coins tells the man: 'There are people who f****** die in that uniform' The young man is seen on camera asking the alleged fake service member, a series of questions including where he did his basic and boot camp training before asking for his name badge .
Lauren Perry, 25, had her waters break just 23 weeks into her pregnancy. Her twins Mason and Chloe were delivered early via an emergency caesarean at 30 weeks. Eight months later when Mason was admitted to hospital to have his colostomy removed he nearly lost his life to a dangerous flesh-eating virus. Mason had contracted necrotising fasciitis .
Ulysses Beaudoin, 39, of Texas, is accused of killing his 22-year-old son and namesake, Ulysses Nelson, when the young man tried to intercede on behalf of his mother during a heated domestic argument . The father allegedly pulled out a 9mm handgun and shot his son twice in the back as the boy tried to intervene . Beaudion then jumped into his girlfriend's car and fled the scene, but police tracked him down and arrested him at a nearby gas station.
In England alone, there are more than 670,000 unpaid carers helping someone with dementia. In the final week of our major Good Health series on dementia, we turn our attention to the carers and what can be done.
The 51-year-old actor played the Doctor for just 13 episodes during the first series of the show's revival in 2005. He proved a huge hit with fans, but only stayed for one run after falling out with show boss .
Peter Hamilton heard the woman's cries for help as he was walking his dog in Toronto, Canada. She was bound by handcuffs and naked from the waist down begging for help. Police say Rejean Hermel Perron, 43, held her captive for five days and sexually assaulted her. He has been charged with sexual assault and kidnapping .
Ecuador's leader Rafael Correa was pictured with his arm around the boy wearing the T-shirt. The 52-year-old is said to be able to speak fluent English but failed to pick up the meaning of the message .
Thieves targeted 294 security vaults during a break-in at the Volksbank in Steglitz, Berlin, in January 2013. The gang fled the bank with diamonds, gold and silver worth more than £8.3m, but have never been found. It now appears that the Berlin heist bore all the hallmarks of the Easter weekend raid in London two years earlier  .
Dmitri Kovtun, who is wanted for Litvinenko's murder, says he was not involved in the dissident's death. Former KGB agent claims he was carrying around polonium rather than being given it by Kovtun and Alexander Lugovoi. Kovtun will give evidence if he is given right to examine secret police evidence .
Toddler's mother was holding him and another child when he slipped and fell between 10 to 12ft into the pit. The child was rescued by his parents before firefighters and paramedics arrived on the scene. He suffered from minor bumps and bruises and is listed in stable condition at the hospital  .
Gianna Toboni traveled to India to explore the country's rapidly growing surrogacy industry for the HBO documentary series Outsourcing Embryos. The journalist from Brooklyn, New York, went undercover to meet with an agent in India who claimed she could get her a Caucasian baby in two to three months. The agent then tried to convince Gianna and her team to buy the baby that they had brought with them to the restaurant - but the offer was never made  .
Colin Cromie told Xara Grogan, 29, they should jet to Barcelona for a break and claimed they were both stuck with the wrong partner. But when she turned down his advances their working relationship soured and Mr Cromie became increasingly hostile. He would snatch instruments from her in the surgery and be 'abrupt and rude' and blamed her for a fall-out.
Todd Kincannon, 33, was arrested and booked into the Lexington County Detention Center on Monday evening. His wife, Ashely Griffith, told deputies that he grabbed her arm during a March 26 argument in their car, 'squeezing it tightly, thus preventing her from exiting the vehicle' Griffith told police he threatened to kill her, himself and her family during the incident – threats he is accused.
Victorino Chua, 49, denies murdering patients Tracey Arden, 44, Arnold Lancaster, 71 and Derek Weaver, 83. Also accused of poisoning 18 others at Stepping Hill Hospital, Stockport, in 2011 and 2012. Prosecution claim he tampered with saline bags and ampoules to kill and injure people he was caring for. Chua has pleaded not guilty to 36 charges in all, including three alleged murders and 23 attempted murders.
Sue Perkins, 45, was bookmakers' favourite to replace Jeremy Clarkson on Top Gear last week. Last week, a flurry of bets propelled her to the top spot for the now-vacant position. She tweeted: 'My timeline has been full of blokes wishing me dead' .
Opened in 1818, the asylum once housed nearly 1,000 patients and expands over 350 metres in length overlooking Stafford in the West Midlands. It closed in 1995 but is now set to have new life breathed into it after planning permission was granted to build 102 apartments. Patients were restrained by means of 'the leather muff,' 'iron handcuffs' and 'restraint chair' There are also reports of prevalent dysentery and syphilis.
The freshmen students from Yichuan, Shaanxi province took the exam on Saturday. It was the first attempt by the school to allow pupils to sit exams in the open. The school said the reason behind the unusual move was the lack of sufficient indoor space .
Nina Anderson, 78, searched pawn shops after gold and silver necklaces were taken from her bedroom. Great-grandmother spotted two of the stolen items in the window of a Cash and Cheque Express in Portsmouth. Her actions echo those of Agatha Christie character Miss Marple, played by Geraldine McEwan. Martin Campbell, 28, has now been jailed for three years .
Baby Malaja was in a car seat in the back of a silver Chevrolet Impala with her parents in the front seat when a black car pulled alongside at 4.30pm Thursday. Police say the driver and passenger of the black car opened fire, striking the 1-year-old in the head. She remains in 'very critical condition' at Harborview Medical Center in Seattle .
Shadow chancellor said the letter was just a 'jokey note' left in the Treasury by former Labour minister Liam Byrne in 2010. Mr Byrne's glib note to his successor as Treasury Secretary stated: 'Dear Chief Secretary, I'm afraid there is no money. Kind regards – and good luck! Liam' .
Porche Wright, 27, was scheduled to appear in court on Tuesday afternoon on attempted murder charges. The seven-year-old girl is expected to survive but she is suffering from severe wounds. Wright has a criminal history with charges that include prostitution and domestic violence.
Tony Abbott said the EU should 'urgently' follow Australia's 'stop the boats' policy. He said harsh measures are the only way to prevent tragedies such as the loss of 900 lives in the Mediterranean. Operation Sovereign Borders involves naval gunboats turning back asylum seekers before they reach Australia. EU leaders including David Cameron are meeting tomorrow in what charities are calling a 'life or death' summit .
Geordie Shore star Charlotte Crosby has lost over two and a half stone in the last year . The 24-year-old actress has lost four dress sizes over the past 12 months . But some fans have questioned whether she has taken things too far with her diet    .
Carl Hendrick has attacked the ‘tidal wave of guff’ in classrooms. These ‘missives in mediocrity’ often tell pupils to ‘live your dream’ and ‘you can do it’.
Gold Coast personal trainer Ashy Bines mistakenly advertised the price of one of her courses as $US49,500 per year. An extra zero was added to the cost of the yearlong program - the real price was a tenth of that, or $4,950. Ms Bines apologised to her 'very angry and upset' followers. She blamed the confusion on an unnamed editor  .
Kenneth Wanamaker Jr, 37, pleaded guilty on Friday, weeks before a scheduled trial in the Northhampton County, Pennsylvania, case against him. A dentist testified the girl's teeth were in such bad shape they posed a potentially fatal threat to her health. Fourteen of her 20 teeth were either abscessed, and two more needed to be pulled or had severe root and tooth decay. She had been scheduled to have surgery on her teeth in March but did not end up having an procedure because her parents never scheduled a pre-operation examination.
Around two million high school students admitted to buying vaporizers in 2014. This is more than triple the 660,000 recorded the year before. But smoking of traditional cigarettes plummeted to about nine per cent. CDC report based on national survey of 22,000.
Bobby Flay filed for divorce on Friday, just one day after it emerged he had separated from his wife of ten years. Stephanie March is 'mighty unhappy' with the prenup, according to TMZ. She asked her spouse if he had any romantic liaisons with Mad Men star January Jones in 2010. He allegedly said no and denied any romance .
An alligator reportedly attacked and ate a 100-pound dog at an Alabama park in early April. Pooch Mavis was brought to Arlington Park in Mobile sometime last weekend by her owner for a fishing trip. She was reportedly close to the park's boat launch as the alligator attacked her after it jumped out .
The group working in the North-West has been accused of filming the attacks. They then send online messages demanding money to keep the film secret. One 19-year-old thought he was meeting girl he had spoken to on the internet in Atherton after dark. But when he got there he was attacked by a gang of men who accused him of being a paedophile.
Ricky Ricardo Chiles III, 27, killed himself with a single shot as police closed in on him at the Presidential Inn & Suites in Lyon, Illinois on Thursday morning. He was suspected of fatally shooting two people at the scene of a traffic accident that killed his nephew on Sunday. Archie Brown Jr, 40, struck and killed two-year-old Damani Terry after he darted into the street in front of his van in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. Damani's brother, Rasheed Chiles, 15, was also struck by the gunfire and later died at a hospital  .
The images were taken between 1850 and 1855 by photographer Hugh Owen and could fetch up to £30,000 at auction. Everything from the waterfront, city centre and St Mary Redcliffe church can be seen in the shots, as well as The Fourteen Stars Tavern building in Bristol .
The 78 Irish travellers, who hail from just four families, had refused to budge despite facing three different courts, a planning inquiry and a council. Locals in Hardhorn, Lancashire, accused the group of trashing their leafy village and branded them the 'neighbours from hell' Last October, the camp, which had flouted planning rules, appeared to have lost its case after being told to move out.
Apple has bought Israel-based Link Computational Imaging in a deal reportedly worth $20 million (£13.5 million) LinX makes 'multi-aperture' cameras small enough to fit into smartphones and tablets that come with depth-sensing technology. Rather than capturing a flat 2D image, the technology is able to sense the depth of each object in a photograph.
The 39-year-old Ethiopian-born stunner fronts Vogue Paris's upcoming May issue. Mrs Kebede is the first black woman to grace the cover since Rose Cordero in March 2010. American Vogue featured more black cover stars in 2014.
Sophie English was one of thousands of babies born at the height of the Vietnam War and adopted by an Australian family. For more than 40 years she has had many questions about her heritage. She was finally given a chance to find closure with ABC's Foreign Correspondent Sally Sara who travelled with her to Vietnam in search of answers. She met another adoptee.
Comedian Sarah Silverman claimed she was paid less than her male counterpart for a gig. She said she was a guest at the New York Comedy Club and was paid $10 for a 15 minute set. But club owner Al Martin revealed the story was false in a Facebook post. Silverman has since apologized and said she regrets mentioning club owner by name .
Jason Rezaian's lawyer Leila Ahsan detailed the four serious offences her client faces. The 39-year-old journalist, the Post's Tehran correspondent, stands accused of gathering classified information. He is also accused of disseminating propaganda against the Islamic republic. The charges had been shrouded in secrecy until now .
Finley Lamb suffers from a rare brain abnormality called Periventricular Nodular Heterotopia. It means many of his 'grey matter' cells have not migrated to the correct position. Left him unable to walk and talk and with a 90 per cent chance of developing Epilepsy   .
Labour leader said it was unacceptable to abandon thousands of immigrants boarding makeshift boats. He also called on the UK to take a 'fare share' of refugees fleeing civil war in Africa. Around 1,300 people are believed to have drowned in the past two weeks trying to reach Europe in boats launched from Libya. WARNING: GRAPHIC CONT.
The 'goblins' are scientifically known as 'hoodoos' - rock protrusions consisting of relatively soft rock topped by harder stone that preserves each column's spire-like shape from weather erosion. Once known as the Mushroom Valley, the area was first discovered by cowboys searching for cattle.
The Edwardian-style building and shopfront on Brunswick Street in Fitzroy was once owned by Wei Tang who was convicted in 2006 of keeping five Thai women as sex slaves. The brothel, formerly known as Club 417, has six bedrooms each with its own shower or spa, as well as a large lounge with a bar and a sitting room. The property is currently between a t-shirt shop and a television repair company .
Ranulfo Perez, 48, was arrested for allegedly groping a 16-year-old girl outside a Toys R Us store in Times Square. He was later released after police could not be sure it was him who grabbed the girl's breasts. The incident is the latest involving people dressed as costumed characters in the area  .
The Rosehall Estate near Inverness boasts a 22-room main house along with 700 acres of land and five separate out buildings. It was built in the 1820 but its most colourful period was during the 1920s when it was bought by the Duke of Westminster. The super-wealthy land owner would spend his summers at the property with the fashion designer, with whom he had an affair between 1923.
Body of Charmain Adusah, 41, was discovered by hotel staff face down in a bath in Koforidua, Ghana. Husband Eric Isaiah AdUSah, 28, is being held in police custody on suspicion of her murder. He is a self-proclaimed prophet and evangelical preacher from Tottenham, north London. The couple were married last September after a whirlwind romance .
Leroy J. Toppins went missing about 6pm Friday while playing with his siblings in the front yard of his family's home in Washington Court House, Ohio. His body was found Saturday night in a pond at an old stone quarry a short distance from where he was last seen   .
People who have never been divorced can expect a retirement income 13% higher than a colleague. One in five divorcees who stop work this year will retire with debts to drag down their disposable income and lifestyles, according to Prudential.
Labiaplasty is surgery to reduce the size of the inner ‘lips’ of the vagina. More than 2,000 operations were performed on the NHS in 2010. Experts at the Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists.
Indian Creek Island Road's median house price is $21.48million, and tops the list of America's richest streets. Its 86 residents include four of America’s top 500 richest people, according to Forbes. The island has its own police force which guards all of the amenities, including a private 18-hole golf course. Each property boasts waterfront locations and stunning views  .
Garnet in Montana was established in the 1860s by miners looking for gold and silver. It was devastated by fire in 1912 and abandoned, but is now set to become a tourist mecca. But workers are needed to run it.
Kim has revealed that she changes her food intake every ten days. She works with a nutritionist to create meal plans for her and husband Kanye West. The reality television star even snacks, saying she enjoys Justin's peanut butter packs.
Hannah Overton, 37, will not be tried on murder charges again in the death of her adopted son, Andrew Burd, 4, who died from salt poisoning in 2006. She was convicted of capital murder in 2007 but her conviction was overturned last year due to ineffective counsel. District attorney Mark Skurka had said he would try her again, but has now dropped all charges. New details have emerged that allege the prosecutor in the case withheld evidence, like details on the boy's stomach content at the time of his death. The defense said the death was accidental and was likely due to a medical condition, pica, that can cause a person to crave non-edible salty items like clay, sand or dirt  .
Teachers say youngsters have been playing truant as they attempt to find instant stardom on ITV talent show. For the first time producers have held auditions at dozens of secondary schools and colleges. Move has helped reduce unauthorised absence levels in some schools on auditions.
Aaron Jones and Jamie Toms spent £9 on DIY boat made from scrap wood, insulation board and polystyrene. The pair took the boat out to sea the day before and it floated for two or three hours without any problems . But an oar snapped 200 yards off Jaywick, Essex, and they had to be rescued by a lifeboat crew . One of the men has vowed to make another boat.
Former supermodel, 46, is gearing up for the London marathon on 26 April. Suffered potentially life-threatening complication shortly after delivery of daughter Grace in 2003. Now runs marathons in aid of Every Mother Counts, an organisation dedicated to making pregnancy and childbirth safe.
Iowa-based writer Daniel P. Finney, 39, is documenting his efforts to lose more than 300lbs without weight loss surgery. He started out weighing 563lbs and has lost 20lbs in a month. He is working with a mental health therapist, a physical therapist and a nutritionist .
Deputy Prime Minister said he would not allow Lib Dems to prop up David Cameron in power. Said he would veto a new deal unless Tories agreed new taxes on the rich. But the Deputy Prime Minister defended his record in government with Mr Cameron, saying: 'Hell yes'  .
The 34-year-old beauty was seen walking for Colcci during São Paulo Fashion Week in her native Brazil on Wednesday. The mother-of-two has announced she is retiring from the runway.
Armed robbers are suspected of stealing $5 million in gold from an 18-wheeler taking the precious from Florida to Massachusetts on Interstate 95 in North Carolina last month. Two security guards working for Transvalue Inc of Miami were reportedly approached by three armed men driving a white van after pulling over on the interstate. The men 'ordered the guards to lie on the ground, tied their hands behind their backs and marched them into nearby woods, before taking 275lbs of gold'  .
Leah Williamson stepped up again to take the spot-kick in the 18-second rematch against Norway. The Arsenal star scored a 96th-minute penalty to give England a 2-2 draw against Norway last Saturday. Referee Marija Kurtes made a startling error and gave Norway a free-kick. The match was replayed five days later in Belfast .
Police raided Alan Greaves's home in Colne, Lancashire, in September 2013. They found almost 20,000 images of child abuse on his computer and mobile. Almost 700 of the images were of the most serious category, Burnley Crown Court heard. Greaves claimed he was conducting an investigation on the 'Illuminati'  .
David Wihby, 61, was arrested on Friday in Nashua on a misdemeanor charge for solicitation of prostitution and resigned on Saturday. He has been the New Hampshire Republican's state director for the last year and her number-two staffer behind the chief of staff. He is a former longtime Manchester city alderman and interim commissioner of the state Department of Labor. He also has an elected seat on the Manchester school board .
Chris Appleton has been working with natural brunette Rita, 24, for the past two years. The singer's blonde locks need to be colored every three weeks, and he also makes her sleep in a hair mask every day .
Angela Maxwell said she would not give up her five-hour shift at Coningsby Community Hall in Lincolnshire. The 67-year-old was seen arriving at the lunch club yesterday morning just days after winning £53million . Mrs Maxwell had just returned from her shift at the community hall with a stack of dirty tea towels for washing  .
SS City of Cairo was travelling from Bombay to England in 1942 when it was torpedoed by a U-boat. 100 tons of silver coins worth £34million were taken with it to the bottom of the ocean. It was long assumed that the cargo, belonging to the UK Treasury, would be lost forever. Underwater company Deep Ocean Search used powerful sonar to locate the vessel.
The march was organized by National Actions to Stop Murder By Police. Many of the protesters cited the deaths of Eric Garner in Staten Island and Walter Scott in South Carolina. The protesters marched from Manhattan's Union Square and across the Brooklyn Bridge where they partially blocked traffic. Police began making arrests around 4:30 p.m. .
Jason Lee forced himself on the 20-year-old in a bathroom and told her to 'shut the f*** up' so her friends in the next room would not hear. The assault ended when the girl kneed him in the groin and staggered out in such a 'hysterical' state she was unable to talk.
Statistics collected at Maastricht University in Holland, where cannabis is decriminalised. Students who were able to buy drug from coffee shops were five percent less likely to pass courses. But foreign students who did not have ready access to the mind bending drug did better on average.
A new Channel 4 series shines a light on the UK's billion-pound supercar industry. Expert seller Saba Syed says more and more women are coming into the showroom. Supercars: The Million Pound Motors airs tonight at 9pm on Channel 4 at 8pm  .
Lord Janner of Braunstone was one of the most prominent Labour politicians of his time. MP for Leicester West (1970-97) has repeatedly denied claims he abused young boys at care homes. Police have interviewed more than 20 men who claim they were abused by Janner in their youth. But Director of Public Prosecutions Alison Saunders ruled it was not in the public interest to put him on trial. Janner, 86, has not been seen outside his flat in Hampstead, north-west London, since police raided it in 2013. He is suffering from advanced dementia and dementia .
Violeta Tupuola, who lives near Canberra, has joined the #kyliejennerchallenge craze. The new craze is popular among teens desperate to emulate Kylie Jenner's famous plump lips. It involves placing a shot glass over the opening of any narrow vessel and sucking in until the vacuum causes lips to swell.
Little Stella Schaefer is being cared for in prison by Mack, 19, who is accused of murder. She allegedly murdered her socialite mother Sheila Von Wiese-Mack in a Bali hotel last August. Mack and boyfriend Tommy Schaefer, 21, are accused of stuffing her body in a suitcase. A blanket fell away, revealing the child's face to the world for the first time.
UK researchers studied the asteroid impact 66 million years ago. They found the heat near the impact site in Mexico was not intense enough to ignite plant material. A heat pulse lasted less than a minute, too short to set plants alight. It suggests our understanding of the mass extinction event that wiped out the dinosaurs may not be as complete as thought. The core they hope to retrieve will allow them to look back in time 10 million to 15 million years into the past.
Natasha Hope-Simpson's leg was crushed in a tragic hit-and-run accident in 2013 and she lost a part of her left leg below the knee. She has a handicap permit on her car but that was not enough to convince a furious onlooker that she has a true handicap. She received weekly angry notes on her windshield scolding her for parking in the handicap space and threatening to call the police .
Mr Yuan, from Changsha, was involved in the accident on March 24 and has been in hospital ever since. None of the women knew he had been seeing anyone else - some for up to nine years - and one even had a son with him.
Lamborghini Gallardo crashed into a tree and a bollard in Beaumont Leys, Leicestershire. One of the rear wheels of the £250,000 supercar flew off and narrowly missed a man walking his granddaughter. Driver laughed and said he would buy another.
The unidentified Newark resident, 22, said he recognized the 44-year-old rapper, whose real name is Earl Simmons, while at an Exxon station on Sunday. Police said the victim reported that he had a brief conversation with DMX about rap music around 12.30am .
Al Pacino is offering die-hard fans the chance to fly with him on a private jet from Glasgow to London for £25,000. The VIP package includes three nights in a five-star hotel in London, transfers and a ticket to the actor's May 22 show at the Hammersmith Apollo.
Four-vehicle pile-up happened in Goodge Street, central London, this morning. Two people were treated at the scene by paramedics following the crash. It forced the closure of the road near the junction with Tottenham Court Road .
Corey Edwards was born with a complex congenital heart defect and had eight open-heart surgeries. His greatest wish was for his parents Jemma and Craig to tie the knot in Bristol Children's Hospital. Staff at the hospital pulled out all the stops to allow them to marry at his bedside on Saturday. The five-year-old died just five days after the ceremony .
Thief scaled a two-storey antique market before breaking into a rooftop vent and squeezing down a narrow shaft to reach the store. He picked three sets of locks and crawled on the floor 'like a snake' to avoid setting off infrared beams. burglar stole 124 rare timepieces before climbing back up the shaft and escaping in a waiting 4x4. The eight-minute raid has been likened to Mission Impossible.
The Karen was towed at 10 knots during yesterday's incident 18 miles from Ardglass, Northern Ireland. It is the second time in two months that fishermen have reported being dragged by a suspected submarine. The 60-foot boat's captain Paul Murphy was pictured holding a snapped steel cable on board his boat.
Rodney Stover, 48, a convicted sex offender lived in Bellevue Men's Shelter with a group of convicted pedophiles, rapists, and other sex-offenders. The shelter is located just one block from the K through 12 Churchill School for learning-disabled children that has tuition of $27,000.
Sharon Edwards, 55, was last seen alive at her Grafton home on Saturday March 14. Her car was left parked in her driveway and her clothes were thrown in the washing basket in her bedroom. Her phone and bag were gone and there was no sign of forced entry at her home. Her husband, John, appeared in court on Monday on unrelated unregistered firearm possession charges. Strike Force Burrow will investigate the circumstances of her disappearance.
WARNING GRAPHIC CONTENT . Justin Whittington, 23, of Bakersfield, California was taken into custody on Thursday night on suspicion of child endangerment after the video of the alleged abuse surfaced online. The relationship between the toddler and his father has not yet been revealed by police but the owner of Vest Market Harry Dindral said the man was the boy's father and they were together.
Bobby Flay has filed for divorce from his wife of 10 years, Law & Order: SVU star Stephanie March, TMZ reported on Friday. The Iron Chef Of America star is 'heartbroken' about the split and his wife is 'mighty unhappy' with the prenup which is said to favor Bobby, according to the site. March reportedly asked her spouse if he had any romantic liaisons with Mad Men star January Jones in 2010 .
Two 49-year-old women and man, 23, arrested for being drunk and disorderly. Ryanair flight from Bristol to Faro was about to leave Britain for the Algarve. Bristol Airport confirmed that the drunk passengers' actions caused delays.
Jamar Nicholson, 15, and his friends were hanging out in an alleyway in South L.A. before school on February 10 when two police officers working for the LAPD's criminal gang-homicide unit approached the boys with their guns drawn. One of the teenagers was holding a toy gun that the officers thought was real and  it prompted the officers to fire. Nicholson was shot in the back by officer Miguel Gutierrez and is in pain but he says he and his friend Jason Huerta feel lucky to be alive.
Andrea Bradley, 28, and Glen Bates, 32, have been indicted on murder and child endangering charges in the beating death of their 2-year-old daughter last month. Glenara Bates was brought to an Ohio hospital last month dead and weighing only 13lbs - the average weight of a 3 or 4-month-old infant . The child had been badly beaten and had bruises, belt marks and bite marks, and injuries had been inflicted over an extended period of time. At the time of her death Glenara's parents dropped her from 6 feet above ground, and her mother tried to sew her wound.
Female victim collapsed and started violently fitting in a seizure at Ryemarket Shopping Centre, Stourbridge. Passers-by rushed to comfort her but police believe one person took advantage of the drama and stole £60 cash. Detectives have released CCTV image of woman.
BBC boss Danny Cohen wants sci-fi series to be turned into a movie to capitalise on its worldwide success. But show runners are reluctant to rush into making a film that could flop and tarnish its reputation, leaked Sony emails reveal.
Edwin Mee, 46, is said to have abused his position of power to abuse or rape 11 alleged victims. Alleged offences took place while he worked at an Army careers centre in Croydon, south London. Mee denies each of the sexual assault allegations saying 'I did not sexually assault any person' He was medically discharged from the Army in April 2014 and was suspended in 2011 over allegations .
Barry Lyttle, 33, will now be sentenced in Sydney's local court, where the maximum jail term is two years. He was charged with recklessly causing grievous bodily harm after leaving his brother, Patrick, in a coma. Patrick, 31, was rushed to hospital and spent six days in an induced coma after he was allegedly struck by his brother in Kings Cross, Sydney's inner-city, on January 3   .
Mandi L. Walkley, 39, and Jacob M. Austin, 52, were in the Dungeness Bay, where swells were as high as 3ft, for one to two hours before they were rescued by the Coast Guard. Both passed away after they were transported to nearby hospitals. William D. Kelley, 50, who was also rescued, has improved from critical to serious condition in hospital .
Royal fans set up camp outside St. Mary's Hospital in Paddington ahead of Kate's birth. John Loughery, 60, was the only member of the public to attend every day of the inquest into Princess Diana's death. Margaret Tyler, 71, has amassed a trove of royal memorabilia worth £10.
Best mates Jeff McCubbery and Ian Bullock devised Captain Cootie Cards over 20 years ago. The pair have designed a range of greeting cards, coffee mugs, stubby-holders and calendars . They say the rise of television and the internet has let a torrent of lingo loose from Britain and America. They were spurned by the companies they pitched their products to.
The High There! app is described as the world’s first global social network of cannabis enthusiasts. The network is designed to let users meet one another online to make friends and form relationships. Users swipe to choose to connect to people - like in the popular dating app Tinder. It deletes the accounts of people who post photos of the drug .
The brass lamp was given as a gift to two sisters who worked as servants for the Nightingale family. It will go under the hammer at Hansons in Etwall, Derbyshire, on June 26 . The lamp dates back to around 1840 .
Lance Futch, 26, drove to Hill Air Force Base in Utah thinking he was going to talk about how to help veterans get more jobs in the infinitely abundant field of solar energy. Instead, Futch was sat at a table with Obama, Utah Senator Orrin Hatch, and Salt Lake City Mayor Ralph Becker .
A series of bronze artefacts were found at the 'Rising Whale' site in Cape Espenberg, Alaska. Bronze-working had not been developed at this time in Alaska, and researchers believe they were created in China, Korea or Yakutia. Bronze artefacts give the best evidence to date that non-ferrous industrial smelted metals were arriving in Alaska via prehistoric trade across the Bering Strait  .
Jondrew Lachaux, 39, and Kellie Phillips, 38, turned themselves in after the three children were found. They have been arrested and face child abuse charges and concealing evidence charges. A teenager is also being held on a child abuse charge. The couple took five of their children on a trip to Oakland, California, eight months ago. They left behind two daughters - a teen who is Phillips' biological child and a stepdaughter and a sickly toddler  .
Claire, Emily, Christine and Lily Vincenti were taken from their Italian home by their mother in 2012. Their mother, Laura Garrett, had Australian passports made for the girls and fled to Australia. She claimed she had to escape her abusive partner, Tomasso Vincenti. The sisters were returned to Italy in 2012, after Ms Garrett's story fell apart. The two eldest girls, Claire and Emily, told 60 Minutes they had moved on from the ordeal.
Residents from Fairdale, an unincorporated town 80 miles northwest of Chicago, were told they could return to their homes on Saturday to salvage what they could. But buildings in the settlement were virtually flattened when the vortex slammed into the area at around 7pm on Thursday night. Officials reported that 17 of the 50 buildings are completely destroyed, while the other 33 have all been damaged in some way.
Abubaker Deghayes, 46, has left his home in Brighton in an attempt to rescue his son Amer, 21. The 21-year-old has been fighting for the organisation Jabhat al-Nusra, a group affiliated with al-Qaeda. His two younger sons were killed fighting Syrian government forces in two separate incidents last year. He has now travelled to Libya in a bid to find his eldest son and rescue him.
Lance Corporal Joshua Leakey braved heavy Taliban fire to rescue a wounded comrade in Helmand in 2013. The 27-year-old is the second member of his family to receive the highest military decoration for valour. He is only the sixth living British soldier the Queen has given a VC to a living, British recipient. The other two awards were made posthumously.
Measure would require all new or replacement dryers to operate at a noise level no louder than 84 decibels. It also wouldn't allow hand dryers blowing air downwards to blow air faster than 115 mph. Democratic Senator Chris Edwards sponsored the bill after his autistic son had episodes after hearing loud dryers.
Victoria Ayling made comments after being confronted by her local party over non-attendance at meetings. She said it was because she had spent 'five months nursing her son back to health after being blown up in Afghanistan' Lieutenant Colonel Ron Shepherd launched an investigation into the claims.
Four-year-old Austin West passed away last Saturday after he slipped while chasing a bumblebee in the backyard and fell into an in-ground pool at his family's home in Gastonia, North Carolina. Austin's grandfather, Jeff West, says that when he attempted to launch a GoFundMe campaign to raise money to cover his grandson’s final expenses, he was shocked to find several fake pages .
Eight-month-old boy was trapped in Range Rover in Surbiton, south-west London, as temperatures hit 23C yesterday. Mother frantically tried to open door when keys were locked inside and called police for help. Kingston Police officer PC Resteghini smashed window with baton to save the boy and his mother. Incident occurred when temperatures peaked at 22.8C at St James's Park in London yesterday. It was the second hottest day of the year so far, beaten only by today's 23.6C and rising. Forecasters said today will be the warmest day for the rest of the month as temperatures are predicted to return to average or just 17C later this week.
Jean-Marie Le Pen, 86, infuriated daughter Marine, 46, with racist and anti-Semitic remarks last week. He called the Holocaust 'a detail of history' and praised France's wartime leader Marshal Petain. Now he wants granddaughter Marion Marechal-Le Pen, 25, to replace him in the party's regional elections .
Ashley Graham, 27, is the first plus-size model to appear in Sports Illustrated's swimsuit issue. The Nebraska native says she's been stripping down to her skivvies since she was 14. She recently launched her own lingerie line with Canadian company, Addition Elle.
Wildlife photographer Einar Gudmann caught the violent encounter on camera. The animals tumbled down a snowy Iceland mountainside and crashed onto the rocky beach below during the vicious struggle in sub-zero temperatures.
Edwin 'Jock' Mee, 45, allegedly targeted 11 cadets aged between 15 and 25 during army interview process. Southwark Crown Court heard he had a preference for vulnerable black women born overseas. Many of his victims were threatened with deportation if they did not submit to his sexual demands. Mee denies 17 counts of sexual assault, three counts of rape and assault.
As California struggles with a devastating drought, huge amounts of water are mysteriously vanishing from the Sacramento-San Joaquin Delta - and the prime suspects are farmers whose families have tilled fertile soil there for generations. A state investigation was launched following complaints from two large agencies that supply water to arid farmland in the Central Valley and to millions of residents as far south as San Diego. Delta farmers don't deny using as much water as they need, but say they're not stealing.
The unnamed woman, whose email was shared by a recipient yesterday on Reddit, demands a $63.99 water table from WalMart, a $19.99 play tent and a $14.99 tunnel from Ikea. She also asks for a $7.99 Cheerios book and asks for receipts for each gift so she can get the full value back if she needs to return them   .
Maurice Thibaux stormed onto the catwalk at Sydney's Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week on Sunday night. The 67-year-old French native said the noise was as loud as a jumbo jet flying overhead . He said he had no problem with the music but the rumble that came with it . Mr Thibaux said he was 'very sorry' to have disturbed the show, which finished at 7pm .
The divorce petition was filed in late February in Tarrant County, Texas, where Hamilton played five seasons with the Texas Rangers before moving to LA. The petition doesn't detail the reasons for the split and only cites 'conflict' Katie Hamilton, who will appear on the 10th season of The Real Housewives of Orange County, has custody of the couple's four daughters. Hamilton is not allowed to see the girls without supervision, according to court records.
Images of Fidel Castro meeting with Venezuelan visitors to Havana were published in Cuban media on Friday. The former Cuban president is shown meeting with a group of Venezuelans visiting the capital. He was last seen in public in January 2014 at the inauguration of an artist's studio . It is his first public appearance since a landmark deal to reestablish ties between the US and Cuba earlier this year .
The Prince of Wales and the Duchess of Cornwall married a decade ago at the Windsor Guildhall. The couple are spending their 10th anniversary privately at Birkhall in Deeside, Scotland. The intimate shot was taken in the run-up to last month's visit to the U.S .
The 6,825-tonne passenger ship sank off the southwest coast on April 16 last year with most of the victims, high school students. President Park Geun-Hye has pledged to 'actively consider' raising the Sewol. But senior government officials said the salvage operation would cost £68million and is only an estimate .
Brian Klawiter posted a message on his company's Facebook page on Tuesday in which he announced that openly gay people are not welcome at his business. 'Homosexuality is wrong, period. If you want to argue this fact with me then I will put your vehicle together with all bolts and no nuts and you can see how that works,' he wrote. Michigan has no LGBT protections.
Until two years ago, Roxy Wallace was a bodyguard called Bob, who lived a reclusive life plagued by depression. Condition was caused by Bob's belief he had been born into the wrong body. It made it impossible to have meaningful relationship with his son William, nine, who is autistic. Roxy, 50, told her wife Jo, 44, about her feelings in October 2013 while watching TV. She hopes to have gender reassignment surgery this year and is now happier than ever .
The family of 81-year-old Larry Upright added the political message to the obituary announcing the Kannapolis man's death and burial this week. His daughter, Jill McLain, said the rock-ribbed Republican was passionate about politics. 'We did it solely to do something nice and honorable for our dad,' she said, not necessarily to spark controversy   .
Viv Nicholson and her coal miner husband Keith won £152,319, 18 shillings and 8d on the Littlewoods Pools in 1961. She announced that her life from now on would emphatically be neither sensible nor boring. The couple quickly moved out of their council house and into an £11,000 bungalow.
Vincent Stanford, 24, has been charged with the murder of bride-to-be Stephanie Scott. He was arrested on Wednesday night and charged after police discovered discrepancies in his alibi. Police allege they found blood inside his Toyota Hilux and a burnt body on his mobile phone . The three-bedroom property is on the market for $179,000 and is located on Maiden Avenue, Leeton . Neighbours told Daily Mail Australia the Stanford family have lived at the property for 'around 13 months' The property was built in 1960 and features wooden floorboards.
Tibor Racsits, 42, had gone to pick up his daughter Kiara from the movies at Charlestown Square in Newcastle, north of Sydney, on Sunday night. He was dragged across the road by at least three young men before being kicked in the stomach and head. His daughter can be heard screaming as she runs to help, but she is pushed face-first.
Johnny Manziel has been released from rehab after checking into a facility on January 28. The Cleveland Browns quarterback is out and ready to begin offseason workouts with the team, which begin on April 20. This after Manziel's partying had been a topic of conversation since his rookie season began last July, with some worried his drinking was a priority. The aqthlete's hard-partying and off-the-field antics were well known while he was in college. Manziel was known for his partying while at Texas A&M, but said he was a changed man during the 2014 NFL Draft.
Heidi Bretscher's troubles began around mile 17 of the Rock N' Roll Raleigh Marathon that took place earlier this month. The 28-year-old runner was so far ahead of the pack it wasn't clear which way she was meant to go. She ended up running entirely off the planned route and around a lake that wasn't even on the course .
Paul Tudor Jones II, the billionaire founder of Tudor Investment Corporation, bought the Casa Apava estate in Palm Beach last week. The Mediterranean-style seven-bedroom, 18-bathroom property was built in 1918 and has 420 feet of oceanfront access, as well as a tennis court, movie theater, swimming pool and gym. The hefty purchase came days after Jones, 60, warned that increasing inequality could spark a revolution as he gave a sold-out TED talk in Canada in March. He has an estimated net worth of $4.6 billion.
Richard Kerr, 53, said he was one of three youngsters taken from home in Belfast to London in 1970s. Claims he was abused by politicians and other Establishment figures at Dolphin Square and Elm Guest House. Claims will add weight to calls for allegations about Irish children's home to be covered by official abuse inquiry .
Custom officials at Domodedovo airport found 55 snakes, 35 lizards, seven turtles, six lemurs, two monkeys and a suspected leopard cub. Two baby crocodiles died on the journey from Jakarta to Moscow and all the survivors appeared terrified. The animals were packed in tiny cages and plastic boxes and each snake was in a small bag made of cloth. Suspect claimed she bought the animals for £130 in a market in Indonesia .
The chair was on the first class promenade deck when the liner sank after hitting an iceberg. It was found bobbing on the surface of the Atlantic by the crew of the Mackay-Bennett. It has since been owned for 15 years by an English Titanic collector who kept it by a large window overlooking the sea at his home.
A dog on death row will for the first time in history have its case heard in the High Court of Australia. Staffordshire terrier Izzy is set to be destroyed after she bit a woman in August 2012 after escaping from her owner Tania Isbester's backyard. The woman who bit her suffered a 1.5cm cut on her finger, deemed a 'serious injury' Izzy was seized by Knox City Council in June 2013 and will be destroyed. RSPCA South Australia has offered to rehabilitate the pet.
Bob Heslip, 50, suffers from Neurofibromatosis type 1, or NF-1, which is caused by a gene malfunction. The noncancerous lumps began appearing on his body around puberty and became more severe as he aged. He said he feels comfortable in his skin for the first time in his life now that he has joined the Venice Beach Freakshow where he has met performers including a bearded lady and America's smallest couple.
Kyle Schwartz has been a teacher for three years, and says that many of her students at Doull Elementary School come from underprivileged backgrounds. Last month she devised a lesson plan called 'I wish my teacher knew...' She asked her students to write down one thing they wanted to tell her, but wouldn't normally in the classroom.
Prince Harry is pictured taking part in exercises with Royal Australian Artillery troops in Darwin. The 30-year-old has completed the first two weeks of a month-long attachment with the Australian 1st Brigade. He is due to leave the British military in June after 10 years' service in the British army. The Prince is expected to spend several weeks on a conservation project in Africa before deciding on a fulltime job, most probably in the charity or public service sectors.
Nearly 10,000 Edwardian felons are listed in the UK Midlands criminal registers providing fascinating insight into the murky underworld of Birmingham's metropolis more than a century ago. They include drink-driving a steam engine, riding a horse while drunk and being intoxicated to the point of 'complete incompetence' They were all placed on the 1904 blacklist after four convictions under the Inebriates Act.
Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran lost a bid to challenge their clemency rejections in the state administrative court. They are now appealing to Indonesia's constitutional court to make clear the president's obligations. The pair's lawyers also intend to challenge the barrier preventing foreign citizens from constitutional court appeals. Attorney-General HM Prasetyo has declared the move as a delay tactic .
Professor Ninian Peckitt, 63, has been struck off after repeatedly punching a patient to fix a broken cheekbone. He claimed he was attempting to reduce the fracture when he hit the patient up to ten times while a colleague held his head. He was 'erased' from the medical register after the Medical Practitioners Tribunal Service found his fitness impaired.
Lobster Pound and Moore in Cape Breton, Nova Scotia, Canada, kicked off a Internet debate when it announced that it would no longer allow 'small screaming children' into its dining room. The Canadian seafood restaurant had said that it was 'an adult themed restaurant that caters to those who enjoy food and are out to enjoy themselves' Commenters began giving the restaurant's Facebook page one-star reviews and said they would never return.
Judy Murray left newlyweds to it as they took to the floor at reception in Cromlix House Hotel. Former Strictly Come Dancing star, 55, says she is 'terrible' at dancing and 'can't remember the steps' Andy and Kim married at Dunblane Cathedral on Saturday .
Charles Kingham, 86, and partner Pauline Moore, 68, have been together for 40 years. They bought their home in Mablethorpe, Lincolnshire, for £35,000 in 1987. It became a 'living hell' after it was converted into an offender management centre. They have both suffered health problems as a result of ordeal.
Summer Elbardissy, 19, was partying at Beta Theta Pi fraternity house at Wesleyan University last year. But instead of making it onto roof deck, she fell out of third-story window, according to police reports. She was rushed to hospital with serious injuries, including brain swelling, broken skull and pelvis. Had to relearn how to walk, swallow food, brush teeth, get dressed and wash herself seven months on. Lawsuit has been filed against the college, accusing it of failing to protect her from dangers. It also accuses the fraternity house of failing safety violations .
The 34-year-old reality TV star was captured dining in a non-kosher restaurant in Jerusalem with her husband, rapper Kanye West, 37, and Jerusalem's mayor, Nir Barkat, on Monday. Following the outing, Mr Barkat posted a photo of him and the famous couple on his Twitter page, writing that he had joined Kanye and Kim 'to toast and celebrate hosting them in our beautiful city' However, the next day, only Kanye andMr Barkat were pictured in the photo, reprinted in an article on the ultra-Orthodox news site, Hakikar. Kim was obscured out.
Firm will show off the watch to the public for the first time from tomorrow at its retail stores and several special popup stores around the world. Customers in Australia, Canada, China, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Japan, the UK and US.
One superyacht owner threw a party with two live tigers, allowing guests to pose for photos with the animals. One client had a week's worth of fruit and vegetables flown from France to the Maldives. Three 'A-list' musical acts were hired to perform at a private party.
David Cameron will offer discounts of up to 70 per cent to 1.3million families in housing association properties. National Housing Federation says subsidy will cost taxpayers £5.8billion and is worth £100,000 to each family. Chartered Institute of Housing says move will do nothing to tackle housing crisis. Home Secretary Theresa May insists it is affordable and will give families the opportunity to live in a home .
Russell Henley flew to Georgia to play in the Master's golf tournament last Sunday. His golf clubs did not make it to the tournament and he tweeted his frustration to United Airlines. The airline returned the clubs six hours later .
The CH-53E Super Stallion landed on the beach in northern San Diego County around 11:30am on Wednesday after a low oil-pressure indicator light went on in the cockpit. The 100-foot copter is twice the size of the humpback whales that sometimes wash up on surrounding shores. No one was injured in the emergency landing .
Three vehicles collided on the Brisbane Valley Highway, 2km south of Fernvale, on Wednesday afternoon. A 40-year-old man with chest and shoulder injuries was the first to be airlifted to hospital. Six others have been taken to Ipswich Hospital with minor injuries.
Psychologists at New York University have been trying to gain an understanding about how the brain stores memories for 'emotionally neutral events' that gain significance through subsequent experience. Strong emotion can strengthen memory for positive events, such as a surprise birthday party thrown by close friends, and for negative events .
Tiger Woods showed up to the event at the Augusta National Golf Club in Augusta, Georgia, with his two children, Sam, 8, and Charlie, 6, and his girlfriend Lindsey Vonn, who was dressed in a floor-length, spaghetti strap gown, accessorized with diamonds and Louis Vuitton. Other golfers also brought girlfriends and kids.
More than 2,200 Walmart employees are now unemployed after the retail corporation announced it was temporarily closing five stores for 'extensive' plumbing repairs. Workers at two Texas stores, as well as in California, Florida and Oklahoma, were notified only a couple of hours before they lost their jobs. Walmart has not requested permits.
Survivors said the two-deck vessel 'flipped' after a commercial ship was spotted. Men on the deck ran to one side, the sudden movement pitching them into the sea. Hundreds of terrified women and children sheltering in the hull were trapped and died. Italian coastguards said today that no more had been found alive. The death toll is the largest in the region since October 2013.
Jörg Düsterwald is a 49-year-old bodypainter from Hameln, Germany. He uses his skills in a range of creative projects including advertising, corporate events, and TV marketing campaigns .
Just 8p in every £10 spent looking after dementia patients goes on research into the causes. The outlay on stroke research is little better, with 19p allocated from each £10. Cancer research is 13 times higher than dementia and almost six times more.
Colin Kay was driving his Citroen Picasso on the A586 in Great Eccleston in Lancashire last year. Female driver in a Toyota Aygo pulled in front of him and ploughed into his car at 50mph. Pensioner was left with bruises and his wife Krysia suffered a whiplash injury to her shoulder.
If you know where to look, how to shop and when to book you can save thousands of pounds on exclusive travel deals. From private islands and Aston Martins to castles and 75ft yachts, TravelMail brings you an expert guide to holidaying like millionaire - no six-figure salary.
Conchita van der Waal, 46, worked at the central bank of the Netherlands for eight years. For the past six of them, she has been offering her sexual services at more than £300 an hour. Her website shows a range of provocative images, including one of her wearing an SS cap   .
Questions raised about why fees are being paid by United Arab Emirates, not Colombian government. Contract includes a requirement that his wife Cherie join him on trips to South America. Critics claim there could be a conflict of interest between his role as Middle East envoy and earning money. Mr Blair last week denied being in the 'league of the super-rich'
Angela Eagle, Labour’s shadow leader of the Commons, revealed it was prepared to speak to any other party in a hung Parliament. But SNP suggested it would hold Ed Miliband to ransom if he refuses to scrap the Trident nuclear defence programme. SNP deputy leader Stewart Hosie said SNP could vote against Parliamentary estimates .
The two four-year pilot culls in Somerset and Gloucestershire should be completed by trapping the badgers in cages and then shooting them. BVA said it still supported badger culling to tackle tuberculosis .
Dr Mark Porter said whoever wins election will inevitably be tempted to bring in charges. All three major parties have denied there will be any end to the principle that the NHS should be free at the point of use .
Gareth MacDonald was killed at the age of 30 after he discovered his boyfriend was conning him and his family out of money. Glen Rycroft, 37, was jailed for life in 2009 for the murder of Gareth in 2007. His parents Sue and Charlie are still dealing with their grief eight years later. They appear on Britain's Darkest Taboos, tonight at 8pm on Channel 4 at 9pm.
Prince Harry's ex-girlfriend, Chelsy Davy, 29, stepped out in a sophisticated summer outfit. Wore a white layered chiffon top and navy trousers at launch party for new London restaurant, The Ivy Chelsea Garden.
The app, called Eaze, has been dubbed ‘Uber for weed’ and enables people to choose medical grade marijuana and have it delivered by a vetted driver. Californian start-up, rumoured to be backed by rapper Snoop Dogg, has just raised $10 million so that users can ‘find the perfect medicine’.
Andrea Trunfio, 36, and Mario Bretti, 64, clashed over a disputed site in Swindon, Wiltshire. Mr Bretti said his competitor chased him along a busy road before blocking him with his van. He then threw a flurry of punches at the 64-year-old.
Mammoth turnip weighs 33lbs and measures 1.2 metres long and is so large it hangs over the flower bed. It was grown by keen gardener Mr Li who claimed the specimen had become a big attraction.
Ex-Prime Minister says Labour deal with SNP would mean higher taxes, more debt and fewer jobs. Sir John Major warns Ed Miliband would face a 'daily dose of blackmail' from SNP's Nicola Sturgeon. Labour leader Ed Miliband accuses Cameron of 'playing fast and loose' with the future of the Union. Senior Labour figures appear to soften stance on potential deal.
Adam Leheup, 34, met the woman on the 'Let's Date' mobile phone app in July 2013. They met under the clock at Waterloo Station and went to Gordon's Wine Bar, Embankment. After a night of wine and cocktails they went back to her flat in Camden and had sex . The architect denies raping the 25-year-old woman at Blackfriars.
Leaj Jarvis Price, 24, was reportedly shot dead by her Marine veteran husband, Eric Heath Price, 25, on Monday. She ran into the doctor's office in Jemison, Alabama, screaming 'call the police' Price then returned to their nearby home and staged a standoff with police for several hours. He was taken to hospital with a self-inflicted gunshot wound to his head and charged with murder. Court records show the couple had been in a long-running custody battle over their six-year-old son at the time of shooting.
Jason Lee, 38, a former managing director at Goldman Sachs, was arrested in August 2013 after the woman accused him of attacking her in a bathroom at the home he had rented with his wife in the summer resort town of East Hampton. Prosecutors said Lee was celebrating his birthday at Georgica restaurant and lounge in Wainscott when he invited the woman and her friends back to his rental home for a pool party. The woman, a then-20-year-old Irish student, said the sex was consensual .
Hilary Mantel has revised the theatrical adaptation of her Tudor novels for Broadway. The title of her second book Bring Up the Bodies has been ditched in favour of 'Wolf Hall II' The plays will open at the Winter Garden Theatre in Times Square tomorrow.
In the 1930s, Yaphank, Long Island was a haven for Americans who sympathized with the causes of the Third Reich. It was largely founded as a Nazi camp, one of several scattered across the U.S., where the children in the German American Bund (AKA American Nazis) could fish, swim, hunt and learn about eugenics. The FBI and New York police kept close tabs on the Bund in the town in the run-up to America joining the Allies in 1941 .
Denise Fedyszyn, 37, from Holmfirth, West Yorkshire, weighed 20st 4lb and wore dress size 26. Fairground worker told her: 'You're too fat to ride, I can't fasten the seatbelt' as she tried to go on a swing ride.
Prime Minister's wife wore a £185 emerald green wrap dress by London-based designer The Fold. She looked every inch the First Lady of British politics as she sat next to George Osborne and William Hague. David Cameron launched Conservative Party's manifesto in Swind.
The Oak Bottle promises to impart an authentic aged flavour in just a day or two. The product, which retails at £50, is the brainchild of 30-year-old entrepreneur Joel Paglione. Oz Clarke puts to the test this oak bottle that claims to 'oak age' wine.
Services by West Coast Railways suspended following near collision on March 7. Network Rail ban means chartered services cannot run until May 15 . The nationwide ban by Network Rail is the first since privatisation, indicating gravity of incident.
Bilal Skaf was assaulted by three other inmates in the yard of Goulburn Correctional Centre on Friday. A '33-year-old inmate' sustained minor head injuries and was treated in hospital. He was sentenced to 55 years in 2002 for his part in a series of gang rapes in Sydney's southwest. He will be eligible for parole in 2033 .
A 20-year-old British tourist has claimed she was molested by a taxi driver in Jaipur, Rajasthan. The driver, known as Salim, is alleged to have assaulted the woman on Friday evening. He has now been arrested and is being held in custody, police said  .
Brandy Savelle and Tony Gervasi have had Caesar for two years and were trying to teach him to be an outside animal. He wandered off from their home in Ispheming, Michigan, on the weekend and was shot dead by a DNR officer. The officer said he 'felt threatened' and that he believed the pig was a feral animal .
Thirty-one people were arrested during protests blocking access to the construction site for the $1.4billion Thirty Meter Telescope on Mauna Kea in Hawaii. Protesters say that the mountaintop, where scientists are building the facility to see 13billlion years into the past, is on top of sacred burial ground land that is sacred to Native Hawaiians.
Mr Clegg accused of having 'washed his hands' of the issue by refusing to order a party investigation into Smith. Smith took the party whip for four years in Parliament and was feted as a Lib-Dem grandee in the years before he died. Smith abused scores of young boys.
Archbishop Phillip Aspinall said he supported calls for the Homosexual Advance Defence to be removed from Queensland common law. The defence means a murder charge may be reduced to manslaughter if the defendant establishes their victim 'came on' to them, and the killing was self.
Yulia Tarbath, 33, from Surrey, moved to Bali with husband Paul in 2009 to set up a life-coaching business. Started working out twice a day and ate 30 pieces of fruit a day during pregnancy. Gained less than a stone in weight and took less than two weeks to get back to her starting weight of 8 stone .
A Pew Research Center survey found that 92% of US teens go online daily - and 25% say they are online constantly. That includes 56 percent who are online several times a day and 24% who are connected to the Internet and social networks 'almost constantly'
Face Unlock was originally introduced in 2011 as part of Android 4.0, also known as Ice Cream Sandwich. It can recognise a person's face and recent updates mean it can even establish whether or not the face being shown to the camera is real.
Quincy Hazel and Sabrina Golden-Hazel, both 44, from Riviera Beach, Florida, have been charged with child neglect. A 17-year-old boy and a 12- year-old girl told investigators they were locked in a closet for days on end and forced to eat from a bucket. The couple also allegedly never took either of the children to a doctor or dentist, they said .
The 43-year-old mother-of-one discussed an Australian father's tip for getting his baby to sleep in less than a minute with her co-hosts on yesterday's show, but it didn't work .
Clair Schuler, who goes by the stage name Cici Ryder, is a drag queen who was friends with Robert Durst when he was living as deaf, mute woman. The 71-year-old real estate tycoon used to live on Galveston Island, on the Texas Gulf Coast and went by the name of Dorothy in the early 2000s. Schuler said Durst even carried around a tablet to communicate his thoughts at Garza's Kon-Tiki.
North Sea cod stocks are bouncing back after being heavily overfished for decades. The population was deemed healthy in hundreds of the northern European fisheries analysed. Experts say the fish is closer to being certified as a sustainable species. The exact stock figures remain unknown.
Luke Shambrook has been going to the Candlebark Campground at Lake Eildon National Park, northeast of Melbourne, since he was one year old. The 11-year-old autistic boy was found on Tuesday just three kilometres from where he went missing on Friday. He has been comforted by his family at Royal Children's Hospital in Melbourne and after exhaustion, hypothermia and dehydration, he is unlikely to suffer any long-term effects from his ordeal   .
A third of owners want their dog to have a short, low-maintenance coat - like an English Bulldog. Almost half said their ideal dog would be ‘standard-sized’ like a collie. Voters in different areas preferred their dogs larger or smaller, depending on the region where they lived   .
Paul Nuttall, Ukip’s education spokesman, appeared in party's manifesto in thick-rimmed glasses. He was pictured in front of a photoshopped library clutching a vintage hard-back picture book called 'British Rebels and Reformers' The vintage hardback is listed on Amazon as a 48-page illustrated history book from 1942. The bizarre row capped a day of confusion for Ukip after the party's immigration spokesman appeared to contradict her own border policies. Ukip has abandoned hopes of winning dozens of seats at the General Election .
Madison Small, from Ashburn, Virginia, left school early on Monday and, after she woke up in the night with a severe headache, she was rushed to hospital. By Tuesday afternoon, her father, Tim Small, had contacted the Broad Run High School to let staff know that his youngest daughter had passed away. On Friday, the Loudoun County Health Department confirmed she died of meningococcal meningitis, which causes membranes covering the brain and spinal cord to swell  .
Kefalonia was the setting for Louis de Bernières's novel Captain Corelli's Mandolin. The 2001 film adaptation starred Nicholas Cage and Penelope Cruz but focussed on negative events. The island has remained relatively pristine since the book.
Oliver Pareece Jones, 37, was last seen checking out of the Four Points Sheraton hotel on April 5 at 6.26am. He then took out $800 in cash before making a stop at a Walmart in Rancho Cucamonga, California. He purchased clothes, a radio, backpack and camping gear and withdrew another $100 in cash. Jones, who owns a pecan business in Chihuahua, Mexico, has not been heard from since. His family hired a private investigator who learned a homeless man said he spoke to Jones outside of the Walmart .
Iona Costello, 51, and daughter Emily, 14, were last seen on March 30 near their home in the wealthy seaside village of Greenport, Long Island. Their car was found in a parking garage on 42nd street in Manhattan, but the pair left no other trace of their whereabouts. Mrs Costello's husband George, the co-owner of Costello Marine, died from a heart attack in 2012. A legal battle with four of his five adult children from previous marriages has left the widow 'under a lot of stress', a relative said. Police said that they do not expect foul play and have no hard evidence suggesting that the Costellos may be in danger, though they are missing .
Kelli Jo Bauer, 45, is accused of stealing more than $100,000 worth of high-end women's clothing. She was arrested at her Kansas City home after undercover officers visited her. Bauer allegedly showed them dozens of clothes, many with tags still on them, that she was selling. She is on house arrest and ordered to stay out of retail stores as a condition.
Chlorine gas was carried by favourable winds over Flanders Fields from German positions on April 22, 1915. Some 1,200 French soldiers were killed in the chaos of that first five-minute gas attack. 'It is a new element in warfare. It is indiscriminate,' said Piet Chielens, curator at the In Flanders Field Museum. On Tuesday the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons will hold a commemorative meeting .
Karen Buckley vanished after a night out in Glasgow at the weekend, sparking a four-day police search. Her body was found yesterday at High Craigton Farm, north of Glasgow. Her parents Marian and John joined hundreds of mourners at a vigil in George Square today. A man, believed to be 21-year-old Alexander Pacteau, has been arrested .
Phil Haste, 60, was also told he had not shown a pay and display ticket in his car, even though he has a valid permit. The businessman is now refusing to pay the fine that was issued in a Torbay council car park. The government abolished paper tax discs on October 1 last year  .
US Secretary of State John Kerry said Washington would not accept foreign interference in the country. Criticised Tehran's backing of Shiite Houthi fighters in Yemen. Comes as Saudi-led coalition continues to pound anti-government forces in Yemen .
Two pupils from Hengshui No.2 Middle School have plunged to death since last October. The boarding school is well-known for its outstanding academic achievement. Pictures of the fence first appeared on Weibo, China's equivalent of Twitter.
Council inspectors found shocking state of hygiene at The Steer Inn in Wilberfoss, East Yorkshire. Owner David Crossfield later admitted 17 charges of breaching food safety regulations. Officers carried out inspections where they found food in kitchen was mouldy and unfit for human consumption. Raw meat was being prepared in direct contact with ready to eat salad items posing risk of cross contamination. Food safety systems, monitoring checks and procedures were not in place, magistrates told.
Geoff Johnson, 37, and his younger sister Jennifer McShea, both 37, returned to the home of their mother, a compulsive hoarder, in Omaha, Nebraska, 20 years after he left in 1995. Their mother died of breast cancer in 2013 and the house was handed to them after she passed away. They were inspired to create a moving photo-series with their own children to document the reality of being a hoarder's child. They used Photoshop to superimpose the children onto images of the trash-ridden home, which is unsafe and filled with mold  .
Sales of a Burberry poncho carrying a personal monogram and costing more than £1,000 have helped boost profits. The wool-and-cashmere designs were first modelled on the catwalk by Cara Delevingne. The British brand has become a global success.
The new policy allows for an American traveler who has been denied boarding a commercial airliner to petition the U.S. Transportation Security Administration once to find out whether he or she is on the no-fly list. In some cases, the government will not be able to provide an explanation because of national security concerns. The changes partially lift a veil of secrecy enshrouding the policy.
Hundreds of products sold at discount stores have been found to contain toxic levels of harmful metals, plastics and chemicals that have been linked to cancers and diseases. A recent study of four major discount retailers in the U.S. found 133 out of 164 products tested contained at least one hazardous chemical 'above levels of concern' An investigation into Australian two dollar stores could produce similar results  .
The motorway officers had been standing on the hard shoulder on the M5 in Gloucesteshire at night after pulling over a driver. They then spotted a caravan heading towards them in the dark and at the last minute spotted the nearside back window was open.
The 58-year-old actress, who took a leave of absence from Broadway play 'Fish in the Dark' earlier this month, shared the news through a statement published by People magazine on Tuesday. The mother-of-two explained that her first test for cancer came back negative but that she was correctly diagnosed after seeking a second opinion .
Arthur Baldwin was taken into custody at 12:30am Friday on a residential street in south-eastern D.C. He has been hit with a felony charge of attempted burglary and another of destruction of property.
Margaret Penny was murdered in a hair salon in Portland, Victoria on May 3, 1991. Her husband Robert Denny, 83, has been charged with two counts of murder. The 83-year-old appeared at Melbourne Magistrates Court on Monday. He was remanded in custody to appear in court for a committal mention on July 6. Claire Acocks and Margaret Penny were found badly beaten, repeatedly stabbed, with their throats cut and wrapped in black hair wraps. Police launched a cold case investigation in 2006 .
Mary Murphy, 66, and partner John Wood, 67, died after falling down stairs at their home in Failsworth, Greater Manchester. Police initially thought the deaths may be suspicious, but now believe it was a 'bizarre and tragic' accident. Their bodies were found by paramedics on Wednesday morning .
Remains were discovered in a cardboard box by street cleaners in north-western Peru. The mummy, thought to date back to 1100 AD, was found wrapped in rope and dumped in front of an archaeological dig.
Bizarre gaffe happened during yesterday's Bournemouth Bay Run at the weekend. 300 runners were sent on an unscheduled two-mile detour after a marshal took a toilet break. They continued past the unmanned marshall point and had to run for three kilometres while the other 900 competitors followed correct route.
Weddings are now about personalities and celebrating relationships, which makes it more fun. Zeenat Sabvur from the wedding planning website Ready or Knot says brides are thinking outside the box more when it comes to their wedding dresses nowadays  .
Steve Smith, 52, grew up helping his father run a stall at Bilston market in the West Midlands. He opened his first Poundland shop in Burton-upon-Trent at the age of 18 in 1990 and became a self-made millionaire 10 years later. When he sold Poundland in 2000, he gave half of his profits - £25million - to his parents. He still receives pocket money from wife Tracy.
Joan Ashton, 81, has been a resident of Aneurin Bevan Court in Duffryn, Newport for eight months. Her son Steve found the 'terrible' serving of baked potato and corned beef in a fridge in his mother's room. He is now campaigning for more to be done to improve food standards for the elderly in care . Residents pay £42 a week for food .
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge will feature in ITV's new comedy spoof show, Newzoids. The six-part series will also feature Wayne Rooney, Beyonce, Harry Styles and Paul Hollywood. Show has been likened to 1980s behemoth Spitting Image.
House prices across the UK will rise at a fraction of last year’s frenetic pace, forecasts show. Property prices soared by 10 per cent in 2014 but will grow by just 1.5 per cent over the next 12 months. London will fare the worst, with prices dropping by 3.6 per cent next year.
Jessa Duggar, 22, announced she's expecting her first child with Ben Seewald, 19, on Tuesday. 'We're expecting!' the 19 Kids & Counting star told People. The baby will be the sixth grandchild for the Duggars. The announcement does not come as too much of a surprise to fans   .
Andrew Barr was Principal of The Geelong College, south-west of Melbourne. He was allegedly photographed through a window as he watched pornography in his school office. The school council launched an investigation, which included a search of his computer. Mr Barr has since tendered his resignation  .
One ship - HMS Ocean - even had five pregnant sailors removed in emergency 'medevacs' At least one woman was airlifted from HMS Illustrious, which was nicknamed 'HMS Lusty' by crew. Eighteen other ships - including HMS Dragon, HMS Enterprise and HMS Richmond - had emergency evac.
The 31-year-old was seen out jogging in London today, for the second time this week. The younger sister of the Duchess of Cambridge is preparing to take part in a 54-mile charity bike ride from London to Brighton .
DIY kits allow people to carry out fillings and repair caps and crowns at home. The kits can cost as little as £5 or can be bought in pound shops for £5. One of the biggest sellers of first aid dental kits is DenTek who sell 250,000 products a year.
Frank Abagnale worked as a fraudster during his teenaged years in the 1960s. He was played by Leonardo Di Caprio in the 2002 film Catch Me If You Can. The conman turned fraud expert has spent the rest of his career working with the FBI on fraud detection and prevention   .
Jamyra Gallmon, 21, of Washington was arrested last week and charged with first-degree murder while armed for allegedly killing David Messerschmitt, 30, on February 9. Her roommate - and alleged girlfriend - 19-year-old Dominique Johnson was arrested on Wednesday and is accused of being an accomplice. She has been charged with conspiracy to commit armed robbery and made an initial appearance in D.C. Superior Court on Thursday. Her attorney asserted in court that it was a case of 'imperfect self-defense'   .
KFC's questionnaire contains a total of 30 questions which mostly ask applicants to rank their response from 'strongly agree' to ' strongly disagree' to questions which to some, might not have an obvious answer. Head of Human Resources, Robert Phipps, assured it was designed to rank the thousands of applicants that apply fo jobs with the company. He estimated that only one third of applicants make it through to the interview process, with employee referrals being 'our number one method of recruitment'
Severe weather warnings were issued by the Bureau of Meteorology on Sunday. It's the worst storm to hit the NSW coast in a decade but no warning was given that it was going to be this bad. The storm formed in the worst possible spot, just north of Newcastle. It then covered 150km south from Newcastle to Wollongongong where a third of Australia’s population live. Emergency services admitted on Tuesday they were shocked by the severity of the storm and that their teams were overwhelmed by a weather system that changed very rapidly. WARNING: GRAPH.
Former Scottish First Minister hopes to make a return to the Commons as MP for Gordon. Polls suggest Lib Dems face near-wipeout in Scotland, with senior figures under threat from surge in support for SNP. He spoke out in support of new Lib Dem candidate in Gordon, Christine Jard
Dallas architects Matt Mooney and Michael Gooden have transformed 14 shipping containers into a stunningly modern 3,700-square-foot three-bedroom home. The home boasts a 40ft long swimming pool on the ground floor and a 1,400 sq ft roof deck that can fit 150 people .
Raymond Allen, 87, opened the first KFC franchise in Preston, Lancashire, in 1965. He is one of only a handful of people in the world to know the secret recipe for the fast-food chain's chicken.
The xylella fastidiosa bacteria has ravaged olive trees in the Puglia region. It contributed to a 35 percent drop in the region's olive oil production last year. Its spread has so alarmed the EU that France has announced a boycott of Puglian fruit and vegetables   .
Bones of 'Altamura Man' were found fused to the walls of a cave in Lamalunga, near Altamura, in southern Italy. DNA extracted from the bones suggests they belong to a Neanderthal who fell into the cave 128,000 to 187,000 years ago. Neanderthals may have used herbs .
Skeleton of Friedrich Brandt, 23, a Hanoverian hunchback who trained in Bexhill-on-Sea, was found under a car park. The soldier was killed by Napoleon’s forces and was found with a musket ball between his ribs, just like Richard III .
Billions of barrel jellyfish have been spotted off the coast of Devon and Cornwall. Hundreds of the jellyfish - each the size of a dustbin lid - have been hauled in by fishermen  .
Researchers have found that bird species are continuing to drop in Fukushima. The barn swallow, for example, dropped from hundreds to dozens. This is despite radiation levels in the region starting to fall. And comparing it to Chernobyl could reveal what the future holds. One of the most hard-hit species is the barn swallow which suffered large population losses due to radiation exposure  .
Jessica Howard, 23, denounced 'night stalker' Clive Howard, 57, for his string of assaults on six women over 28 years. She told him that the catastrophic impact of his attack could never be put into words and has destroyed her life. Howard was jailed for a minimum of ten years and three months after admitting seven rapes, one attempted rape and three kidnappings. Described as 'every woman's living nightmare', he prowled streets of Cambridge and Norwich looking for victims .
The online and high street firm has seen sales double in two years since the Duchess was first spotted in one of its outfits. Among the most popular royal choices was a £195 mist-blue collarless cashmere coat with faux pearl buttons. Kate wore it to a series of engagements in Kensington in January.
More than 100 tonnes of dead fish were found floating in the water near Huizhou City, Guangdong Province. Workers rushed to clear the lake, using plastic baskets and nets to scoop them out, creating a huge mountain of rotting fish on the shore.  .
Labour leader insists SNP MPs would not be able to dictate policy even if he fails to win a majority. Refused claims SNP would be 'calling the shots' if Labour did not have a majority . Comes after Nicola Sturgeon said Labour could only govern with the support of the SNP. She demanded an end to government cuts and higher welfare spending in return for support.
Two Britons thought to be among seven people killed when light aircraft crashed in Dominican Republic. Small plane crashed in the Punta Cana region of the Caribbean island at about 8.15am today. Four of the passengers were tourists from Spain and two were from Britain. The pilot was from the Dominican Republic and all seven killed.
The red, worn chair will be removed from its enclosure at Dearborn's Henry Ford Museum and displayed in an open plaza on April 15. Two days earlier, it will be onstage when renowned historian and Lincoln expert Doris Kearns Goodwin delivers a sold-out lecture at The Henry Ford. Lincoln's chair has been part of the museum started by pioneering automaker Henry Ford - no relation to the theater-owning Ford family - since its founding 85 years ago.
The MV Azores was due to leave Lisbon at 7pm on Tuesday night for Bristol Avonmouth. But lawyers slapped a court order on the ship over an 'unresolved' and 'historic' financial wrangle. Harbour master then refused to let the ship leave the port and 489 holidaymakers were stranded overnight. They eventually arrived back in the UK 19 hours late and were given access to a complimentary bar by cruise firm .
Claim made by commander of Russian Space Command, Oleg Maidanovich. But he refused to name the country behind the ruse. Suggests there could be more satellites than thought monitoring different countries.
Thaddeus McCarroll's mother reported on Friday night that her son had barricaded himself in a home in Jennings, Missouri. The mother told police her son 'was talking about going on a "journey'"and a "mission" and mentioned a "black revolution,"' according to police. Video shows a man emerging from the home at about 1 a.m. carrying a knife and a bible. Police say they shot him with an ' less lethal impact weapon' because they felt they had to act.
Luke Harris and Daryl Lee, from Surrey, had their first child three months ago. Son Phoenix Blue was born naturally on January 14 after 16-hour induced labour, weighing 7lb 15oz. Daughter Willow-Star Shirley Harris-Lee was born a healthy 7lb at surrogate mother Viktoria Ellis’s home on February 25. Baby number three – known to be a boy - is being carried by Bex's sister-in-law Becky Harris and is due in July. Couple met in 1999 and became civil partners.
Number of hayfever sufferers in UK predicted to reach 20 million this summer, up a third from last year. Five million people are expected to fall victim to the symptoms, which include streaming eyes, incessant sneezing and irritating itches at the back of the throat for the first time. By 2030, there will be 31.8 million sufferers as the situation will worsen, according to leading pollen expert Dr Jean Emberlin.
YouGov poll of more than 2,000 Britons revealed that we consume an average of 17 cups of tea each week. Almost a third of women turn to a cuppa to make them feel better when ill.
Susan Farmer, 37, from Eddy, Texas, weighs 43st (605lbs) and was told by doctors to lose half her body weight or face early death. Her mother Nita dotes on her daughter and does all of her washing, cooking and cleaning  .
Marilyn Zuniga sparked outrage for allowing her class to write letters to Mumia Abu-Jamal. Third graders and high school students wrote to killer after he collapsed in prison last week. She has apologised for publicising efforts of pupils, but said they wanted to write to him .
Bill Dudley has worked at the outlet in Mold, Flintshire, north Wales, for the last nine years. He joined the team nine years ago after growing 'bored' pottering around the house. Wife Margaret, 71, has nicknamed her hubby Old McDonald .
Oklahoma Governor Mary Fallin signed into law a bill approving nitrogen as an alternative method of death. The method involves pumping a chamber full of nitrogen and leaving a prisoner's body to die from lack of oxygen. It has been touted as 'foolproof' by supporters, in the wake of the embarrassingly botched lethal injections .
Carlos Manuel Perez Jr, 28, was allegedly pitted against Andrew Jay Arevalo, 24, inside High Desert State Prison. After the two were left to duke it out, a trainee corrections officer waded in and fired off his shotgun four times in a row, killing Perez and wounding Are Valo.
Stéphane Charbonnier, known as Charb, finished his book just two days before being murdered by jihadist gunmen. He argued that left-leaning intellectuals who denounced the cartoons were ‘ridiculous demagogues’. Charb also takes a dig at politicians who he accuses of seeing Muslims where they should see regular citizens, and wanting to pander.
Mysterious ‘Antarctic BW29 signal was recorded near the Orkney Islands, South Shetland Islands and Antarctic Peninsula. Experts are sure the noise isn’t made by Arnoux’s beaked whales or Cuvier's beaked whale. But it could belong to a strap-toothed whale, a southern bottlenosed whale or a Gray’�sBeaked whale, according to the study .
A shocking 'resurrection ceremony' for a two-year-old dead boy at a Texas church has been caught on camera. In the clip, the boy, identified by a witness as Benjamin, is being held in the arms of Texas pastor's wife Aracely Meza as others, including a man who appears to be her husband Pastor Daniel Meza, are gathered around. The witness, who said she knew Benjamin's mother since she was pregnant with him, said the child was possessed by demons, according to pastors. She also said he went 25 days without food before he died. Meza was arrested on Monday and has been charged with injury to a child by omission and is currently being held on a $100,000 bond.
Sergio Barrientos-Hinojosa had his 13-year-old son take him to buy beer at the gas station, where he got into an argument and started shooting at another customer. Police at the time were holding a DUI checkpoint on the other side of the road when the incident occurred.
Temperatures are due to rise throughout today peaking at 22C (72F) tomorrow. That is 11C warmer than the UK April average and would beat the current 2015 high of 20.7C (69F) on Easter Sunday in Aboyne, Aberdeenshire. The weather will stay mostly dry and sunny for the next few days, although some showers are expected on Saturday. Defra has issued a warning to asthma sufferers of 'very high pollution'
Campus officials said a bomb threat and the threat of a shooting at the recently renovated Kirner-Johnson Building were received by phone at 9.45am Monday. The liberal arts college in Clinton sent out four alerts in the span of an hour urging students and staff to shelter in place, lock doors, draw curtains and stay away from windows. A bomb squad from Albany arrived on campus at around 2.30pm to investigate a suspicious package discovered nearby .
Sculptor of the I Love Lucy statue in Celoron, New York, has pledged to make a new one for free. A whole host of ugly effigies have made appearances around the world in the form of waxworks, tribute statues and incredibly crude carvings . Here we showcase the worst.
Munira Khalif from Minnesota, Stefan Stoykov from Indiana, Victor Agbafe from North Carolina, and Harold Ekeh from New York have all been accepted to Ivy League schools. All four are the offspring of immigrant parents who moved to the U.S. from Bulgaria, Somalia or Nigeria. They say they have their parents' hard work to thank and hope to use the opportunities for good in their lives  .
Hilary Border, 54, from Newark, Nottinghamshire, had power of attorney over mother Dorothy's affairs. Mother-of-three was required to pay £300-a-week for 83-year-old's care but when it doubled to £600 the money was either late or stopped being paid at all  .
Around 250 men and women from the reconnaissance unit marched through the town of Dereham. More than 4,000 well-wishers, including hundreds of school children, lined the streets to cheer on the departing troops. The regiment is moving from Robertson Barracks in Swanton Morley to Catterick, North Yorkshire, in the summer. They will hand over their barracks to another unit in July.
Dell 'Super Dell' Schanze, 45, was sentenced to one year of probation on Friday after pleading guilty to two misdemeanor counts, knowingly using an aircraft to harass wildlife and pursuing a migratory bird. His admission of guilt follows a plea deal that fell through on Thursday after he refused to admit to the 2011 crime which he said makes him look like an evil, horrible person. On Friday, he returned to a federal court on Friday to plead guilty. He was scheduled to go to trial on April 20 and would have faced a maximum of one year in prison.
Michael Brelo, 31, charged with two counts of voluntary manslaughter for deaths of Timothy Russell, 43, and Malissa Williams, 30. He is the lone officer among 13 who fired their weapons that night who is charged criminally because prosecutors say he stood on the hood and opened fire four seconds after the other officers had stopped shooting. His attorney insists he had reason to believe he was being shot at when he jumped on the car.
Primatologists at Iowa State University recorded 300 hunts by chimps in Fongoli, Sénégal, Senegal. They found female chimps were using tools to capture prey in 60 per cent of the observations. However, the male chimpanzees tended to capture larger prey and used their hands. The research may also provide tantalising hints at how humans first learned to use weapons to hunt. It suggests that early female humans were perhaps the first to begin fashioning simple tools to help them catch prey.
Robin Wright won Best Actress for her role in House of Cards at the Golden Globes last night. She wore a golden dress from Reem Acra's Fall 2013 collection and looked stunning in it. She and Sean Penn divorced in 2010 after nearly 20 years of marriage. They have two children together .
Molly Schuyler won the 72-ounce steak dinner challenge at the Big Texan Steak Ranch restaurant in Amarillo, Texas on Sunday. The 120-pound mother-of-four ate three steaks, three shrimp cocktails, three baked potatoes, three salads and three rolls for a total of 15 pounds .
Restaurateurs in the country are so angry with the US corporation for attacking their cultural diet they have said they will take them to court. Top pizza chef described the advert as 'blasphemy'  .
KFC allowed hundreds of people to tour the back of 219 stores across Australia and roam from freezer to fryer on Saturday. The fast food giant hoped to dispel myths around the quality and freshness of their ingredients and prove their chicken was fresh and cooked in the kitchen of each store. The George Institute for Global Health warned consumers not to equate KFC's attempt to build customer trust through displaying respectable food safety standards.
The woman in her 30s was kicked out of Melbourne's Greatest Ever Easter Egg Hunt on Saturday. She was escorted out of the racecourse when she became 'irate' after a volunteer asked her to stop taking so many eggs. Event organiser Allan Turner said gluttonous parents were a major problem at the event who took more than their fair share .
Police exhumed the boy's body from his grave in Norfolk last year after the case came up for review. A DNA sample eventually led them to his mother who was arrested on suspicion of infanticide. The woman, who has not been named, was arrested but the charge was dropped after she explained how the baby had been stillborn and that she had concealed the pregnancy from her family and friends   .
The 38-year-old was spotted with her husband, disgraced former congressman Anthony Weiner, and their son Jordan, two, at Tortaria in New York on Saturday. It was their second Mexican lunch of the week.
Lawyers for Robert Durst, 72, say he got the money legally and it is not needed for evidence or subject to forfeiture in any of his legal proceedings. Authorities who arrested Durst in mid-March found $44,000, marijuana and a revolver at his New Orleans hotel room. They also found maps of Florida and Cuba, leading some to believe he was ready for a life on the run. Durst was arrested for the murder of his friend and writer Susan Berman in 2000, which some believe he may have committed to stop her from talking .
Jake Castner, from Ballarat in Victoria, went into hiding last week after a warrant was issued for his arrest. The 19-year-old joked about the 'nightmare' title a magistrate gave him last year when he pleaded guilty to 33 offences. On Sunday, on his fourth day on the run he boasted: 'We don't talk to police!' .
Castle Toward, near Dunoon, was commissioned as HMS Brontosaurus in 1942. Overlooking the Clyde estuary and with easy access to the sloping shoreline, it was ideal training ground. Soldiers practised beach landings - complete with bombs, smokescreens and strafing fighters - jumping from landing craft and clambering up.
Christopher Furniss-Roe from Pontypool, South Wales, was found in his bedroom by his father. His father Jason desperately tried to save his son's life but he died the next day in hospital. A coroner ruled it was a tragic accident - saying the eight-year-old was probably looking for 'sympathy and forgiveness' after the row with his sister.
Muhammadu Buhari said his government will do 'everything in their power' to bring girls home. But he said he could not promise they would find them and said their whereabouts are not known. Announcement came as a march was held through the Nigerian capital of Abuja to mark the anniversary .
Tommy Thompson, 62, and girlfriend Alison Antekeier, 42, have both admitted contempt of court. They failed to appear in court in 2012 and abandoned their Florida mansion. They were arrested in January after U.S. marshals tracked them down to the Boco Raton Hotel. Thompson faces no more than two years in prison .
At least half a million Britons suffer from sleep apnoea - a condition often typified by heavy snoring. The onset of Alzheimer's might be accelerated among those with sleeping problems.
Susan Monica, a 66-year-old pig farmer and welder from southern Oregon, went on trial on Tuesday in Medford. She has been charged with killing two handymen living on her 20-acre pig ranch and dismembering their bodies. Defense lawyer Garren Pedemonte said Monica shot first victim in self-defense .
Paramedics found Kyle Hargreaves kissing a girl on a stretcher in the back of the ambulance. They had been called to an address in Grimsby, Lincolnshire, to collect a 92-year-old man with chest pain. They returned to find the teenager and the girl lying on top of each other and 'trying to have sex'
Carwyn Scott-Howell plunged 160ft to his death in Flaine, France, while skiing with his family. State prosecutor Pierre Yves Michau ruled out negligence as a factor in his death. Family expected to bring his body home this weekend .
The Crowd Source collection holds around 150 photographs taken by Arthur Syer, a 27-year-old man living in Sydney who took advantage of the very first hand held camera, the Detective Camera. The detective camera was produced between 1883 and 1887 using a dry negative which was already loaded into the device. It was loaded, focused and ready to take a photograph at around six feet away. The images were collected over a period of time and were originally released on Flickr.
The first four episodes of the fifth season of Game of Thrones were leaked online on Saturday night. They had been downloaded more than 550,000 times as of early Sunday morning. Episodes are titled The Wars to Come, The House of Black and White, High Sparrow and Sons of the Har.
Two men arrested after Thomson Airways flight from London to Mexico diverted to Bermuda. Boeing 787-8 was seven-and-a-half hours into its flight to Cancun when it landed at LF Wade International Airport.
The 29-year-old woman, named by local media as Samantha or Amanda, was chased by police through the Pattaya region for 30 minutes. They shot out three wheels of her car after she drove the wrong way down a busy road and crashed into 13 vehicles .
Jade Wimsey, 24, from Goole, East Yorkshire, would down up to seven cans a day at more than £1.50 a pop. Her fizz addiction caused her weight to rocket to 17st 6lb and she ballooned to size 20. She is now a slim size 12 and has lost six stone in 18 months.
René Dee watched as his wife Eileen, 68, slipped away just days after catching the infection. She had been battling cancer when she caught the bug while undergoing treatment at the Royal Sussex County Hospital. Mr Dee is now suing the Brighton and Sussex University Hospitals Trust for clinical negligence.
Some experts say shrinking space on planes is putting our health and safety in danger. U.S consumer advisory group says government doesn't stipulate minimum amount of space for humans. Tests conducted by FAA use planes with 31 inch pitch.
Lord Neuberger said Britain's privileged judges must be aware of their 'subconscious bias' He said judges should be 'sensitive' to the fact that they usually came from 'more privileged sector of society' Said they should have an understanding of the 'different cultural and social habits'
Muhammad Naviede, 60, died after his Piper Tomahawk aircraft plummeted into a field near Padbury in Buckinghamshire. His daughter Raquelle Gracie came fifth in the 2007 series of the X-Factor with girl band Hope. He was jailed in 1995 for nine years for a £45million fraud after being convicted of seven charges at the Old Bailey .
Since its construction in 1895, Holmesburg Prison has housed some of the country's most dangerous criminals. In 2011, haunting images emerged showing the aftermath of cruel chemical experiments carried out on inmates. Prisoners were paid to test dangerous substances such as radioactive, hallucinogenic and toxic materials. Since its closure in 1996, the prison's halls have fallen eerily silent .
Glynis Barber is remembered by many as the glacially beautiful half of ITV’s 1980s detective duo Dempsey And Makepeace. The actress has changed what and how she eats under the tutelage of nutritional therapist Fleur Borrelli. Glynis has dropped a stone in weight and a dress size, gain lean muscle and improved energy.
Hillary Clinton's most trusted – and most controversial – campaign aide turned up on Wednesday near Des Moines, Iowa, where the former secretary of state sat for her second 'roundtable' discussion in as many days. Abedin had last surfaced on Monday at an Ohio Chipotle restaurant when she and Clinton popped in, both wearing sunglasses, for lunch. On Tuesday she was photographed leaving a Norwalk, Iowa fruit processing company and walking toward 'Scooby,' the campaign van .
Labour leader admits his party has been 'too timid' about immigration in the past. Admits that for communities to live together they must use a shared language. Promises a new crackdown on illegal exploitation of migrant workers, promising a Home Office task force .
Aldi has requested the ability to make employees work more than 38 hours a week in a submission to the Workplace Relations Productivity Commission. The Transport Workers' Union's National Secretary Tony Sheldon condemned the requested change to the Fair Work Act. He accused Aldi of trying to reintroduce serfdom. 'Major retailers like Aldi are trying to turn the clocks back on our modern society,' Mr Sheldon said in a statement   .
Leo Grand's carpooling app Trees for Cars is no longer available and he is still living on the streets. Grand created the app after his mentor Patrick McConlogue offered him a deal: $100 in cash on the spot or daily coding lessons. Grand picked the latter, and was also provided a laptop, office space, coding books and a solar charger   .
Ex-Army tank driver Ian Gibson had his kneecap blown off in combat more than 30 years ago. The 60-year-old claims he was subjected to a tirade of 'horrible harassment' while working at Heathrow Airport. Mr Gibson joined the company as plane refueller in December 2007, three decades after he was medically discharged from the Army.
An FBI agent claimed that a Saudi family fled Florida two weeks before the 9/11 attacks had 'many connections to individuals associated with the terrorist attacks' The family of Esam Ghazzawi lived in the plush Sarasota dwelling until they fled and left cars, furniture and food behind. The FBI dismissed the report as 'unsubstantiated' and said it found no evidence of a connection between the family and the hijackers. Former Florida Senator Bob Graham said there has been a 'consistent effort to cover up Saudi involvement'
Chris Rowe, 31, was plagued by a persistent cough for six months. He visited doctors five times in two months but was told he was most likely suffering a virus. But after noticing a dull ache in his ribs and coughing up blood, he was taken to A&E. An X-ray revealed a tumour on his lung and he was diagnosed with lung cancer in December. The cancer had spread to his liver and bones and is inoperable. He is undergoing gruelling rounds of chemotherapy in a bid to prolong his life. His wife Kate, 28, is due to give birth to their second child in June.
The Nantucket wooden chair once sat on a first-class promenade of the ill-fated ship. It was salvaged by a search team from the Atlantic Ocean after the Titanic sank in 1912. One was given by a crew member to Captain Julien Lemarteleur, who had previously worked on board the Mackay-Bennett.
London Mayor was given a big kiss on his right cheek by a particularly enthusiastic voter. As he got in his car later, he was spotted with red lipstick marks on his other cheek. Johnson said he 'profoundly and passionately' hopes to stop Farage from winning South Thanet seat.
Crown Princess Mary visited a farm in Kirke Hyllinge, a village in Zealand, on Sunday. She was joined by her three youngest children, Princess Isabella, seven, and twins Princess Josephine and Prince Vincent, four,  .
Australian designers We Are Handsome will debut their first Active Swim range on Tuesday night in Sydney. Models will include Sjana Earp, Kate Kendall, Amanda Bisk, Juliet Burnett, and Lindy Klim. Fashion houses are rejecting traditional skinny models in favour of strong, fit girls. This industry first in Australia comes days after France's law.
Carwyn Scott-Howell was on holiday with his mother Ceri, nine, sister Antonia, 9, and brother Gerwyn, 19, in the Alps. He became separated from his mother and headed into dense woodland where he fell over 164ft drop. Search teams said they followed the little boy's footprints and found his final steps broken up by 'sliding marks' Carwyn, from Talybont-on-Usk in Wales, modelled himself on TV adventurer Bear Grylls.
Staff heard the baby girl crying in the ladies' toilet of a burger bar in Chengdu, Sichuan province. The baby was wrapped in a shirt but was still attached to the umbilical cord and placenta. Mother Yuan Yen was arrested and faces neglect charges.
Ukip leader was expected at a farm in Staffordshire, as he prepared to attack the government over defence spending. But organisers pulled the plug while he was trapped in his chauffeur-driven car. Mr Farage is under pressure to show his election campaign is on track .
The historic Carlton Tavern was bulldozed by developers without warning last week. Landlady Patsy Lord was told by owners on Easter Monday to close for an 'inventory' but returned two days later to find pub no longer standing. It was the only building in its road that was not destroyed by Hitler's bombs during the Blitz.
A virtually cloud-free satellite image from the European Space Agency’s MetOp-B satellite has been released as the country continues to bask in bright sunshine and above average temperatures. Parts of Scotland and Wales experienced the warmest temperatures today, with highs of 16.6C in Achnagart, north of Fort William and 16.4C in Pembrey Sands, Carmarthenshire. Thousands flocked to the beaches in Brighton which to enjoy the sunny weather and highs of 14.9C  .
Bus carrying Fenerbahce players and coaching staff back from away game was shot at on Saturday night. Governor Abdulcelil Oz said the driver appeared to have been hit by a bullet, after initially stating he may have been struck by a stone. None of the players or club officials were reported to be injured. WARNING: GRAPHIC CONT.
A Turkish court imposed the blocks because images of the deadly siege were being shared on social media. They 'deeply upset' the wife and children of Mehmet Selim Kiraz, the hostage who was killed. The 46-year-old Turkish prosecutor died in hospital when members of the Revolutionary People's Liberation Party-Front stormed a courthouse and took him hostage  .
FBI chief James Coney said force depends on its agents' ability to 'run, fight and shoot' Those who fail will have the marks noted on their annual performance review. Comes as America is grappling with an obesity problem with third of adults.
The FBI and NYPD said on Wednesday that a reward of up to $115,000 is being offered for information leading to an arrest and conviction in the March 2008 bombing. No one was injured in the blast which occurred seconds after people walked past the military recruitment station.
Katie Cope, 17, said she feared being assaulted by the agitated woman after police refused to give her an estimated time for their arrival. She had to close the shop and put down the electronic shutter after the thief became abusive. Police said the stolen knickers were not worth enough.
Melon-headed whales stranded on beach in Hokota, 60 miles northeast of Tokyo. Rescuers managed to save three of the 149 creatures, but the rest are 'dead or dying' Scientists say they are not sure how dolphins ended up on the beach .
Tyler Grant, a junior at the University of Texas prefers to be referred to by neutral plural pronouns such as 'they,' 'them', or 'their' instead of 'he,' or 'she' and sometimes wears women's clothing. Video footage posted to Twitter shows a restaurant manager telling Grant and a friend not to enter the fast food restaurant because Grant was dressed in 'inappropriate attire' Grant believes the restaurant was discriminatory because of Grant's gender identity   .
IPCC to investigate claims that former Met chief failed to hand over key information to Macpherson Inquiry. Watchdog probe stems from a complaint from Stephen's father Neville Lawrence. Lord Stevens was deputy commissioner of Met from 1998 to 2000 while report was being compiled. He served five years as the UK's most senior policeman .
Celebrity chef will present Simply Nigella on BBC2 for the first time in three years. Show will focus on 'a new pared-down approach to cooking and eating' and will air in autumn this year. First time she has appeared on BBC since breakdown of her marriage to Charles Saatchi and court case. She was forced to divulge details of tumultuous relationship and drug use .
Wigry National Park, in north-east Poland, is the furthest outreach of the Masurian Lakes. The area is unspoiled, but it is also exceedingly well set-up for outdoorsy pursuits .
Kent Sprouse, 42, is scheduled to be executed about 6 pm Thursday in Huntsville, Texas, by lethal injection. Sprouse was convicted of killing a police officer and a customer at a gas station outside of Dallas in 2002. The officer, Harry Steinfeldt III, was shot dead outside the Ferris Food Mart in Ferris, Texas . The customer, Pedro Moreno, 38, was also shot dead. No new appeals are pending as Sprouse's execution.
Leonie Granger, 25, targeted playboy Mehmet Hassan, 56, after spotting him flashing a roll of £50 notes. She befriended the poker player, who showered her with gifts, cash and trips to fancy restaurants. But after going back to his flat with him she made her excuses and left the door unlocked. Her boyfriend Kyrron Jackson and his friend Nicholas Chandler, both 28, were convicted of murder, robbery and false imprisonment.
Officers from Police Scotland’s Edinburgh division posted pictures of the Lego models on Facebook. Edinburgh has seen break-ins soar by nearly 40 per cent in 12 months to April 2014. Housebreakings in Scotland rose 4 per cent to 22,272 over the same period, police say .
Paul Bakewell, 35, asked partner Tara Barber, 32, to marry him on a giant billboard on the A34 in Walsall, West Mids. The billboard was 20ft-tall and 30ft-wide and featured pictures of the couple.
Francis Pusok, 30, had been seen riding a horse through the desert of San Bernardino on Thursday afternoon. He was pursued by two deputies who stun him with a Taser before starting the beating. Sheriff John McMahon has ordered an investigation into the incident.
Get Rid of Sids Project has had its charity status revoked by the Australian Charities and Not-for-profits Commission. The organisation is run by well-known Brisbane anti-vaccination campaigner Stephanie Messenger. Earlier this year, it invited Dr Tenpenny to speak at a number of seminars before she had to cancel due to violence threats.
'Ogle-2014-BLG-0124Lb' was detected by the Spitzer Space Telescope and the Ogle Warsaw Telescope in Chile. The planet is half as massive as Jupiter and is 13,000 light-years away from Earth. It was discovered using a technique known as microlensing.
Phylise Davis-Bowens, 42, is suing Bethune-Cookman University in Daytona Beach, Florida. She claims she was not allowed to try out for the 14 Karat Gold dancers in 2009. The 42-year-old said she lost 16lb in a month but was still denied an audition after a year.
Just over a quarter of women giving birth in England now have a caesarean and the rate has more than doubled since the early 1990s. Experts from the World Health Organisation said this figure should ideally be between just 10 per cent and 15 per cent.
Josiah Duggar, 18, is the latest 19 Kids and Counting star to announce that he has entered a courtship . He met Marjorie Jackson, 17, while they were taking Spanish lessons together. The pair's courtship officially began on April 6 - the same day his sister Jill gave birth to her first child .
Tristram Hunt, the shadow education secretary, was visiting a primary school in Derby. He was filmed asking the year six pupil who he would vote for in next month's election. When the child said Ukip, Mr Hunt replied, 'Very good' and asked why. The youngster replied: 'To get all the foreigners out the country' Labour MP was left gobsmacked and said he was 'a little bit surprised by the remark' The mother of the 10-year-old said she has now sat down her son and explained 'it isn't about being foreign'
The man was airlifted to St Mary's Medical Center in Palm Beach, Florida. He was bitten on the right side of his head as well as his back and torso. Bull sharks are common near the coast, particularly in Florida .
Jack Black the friendly jackdaw has become so well-loved in Penryn, Cornwall, that one fan has set up a Facebook page for him. The page has more than 450 members who share their pictures, videos and stories about Jack and keep up to date with his daily activities.
The four-bedroom property in central London's Farm Street has all the trappings of modern luxury with an indoor swimming pool, gym, lift, cinema room and roof terrace. One hundred and fifty years ago it was used to house cows for milking on one of London's busiest trading streets. It became a depot before being knocked down in the 19th Century. In 2011 developers took over the site and demolished the house .
Stephen James Hendry, 24, has landed in Sydney to start work on a new campaign with Windsor Smith shoes. The full-bodied model is one of the first ever to be a full tattooed model. He is currently working on a campaign with the shoe label and has 498,000 Instagram fans .
The Aerodrome Manual was published unencrypted on the MoD's website . It has the exact GPS co-ordinates of vital facilities as well as the depth of concrete on the runway. The details could be used as 'an invasion guide' by Argentine intelligence agents . The MoD denied the information was particularly sensitive.
Chris Copeland, 31, and his wife, Katrine Saltare, 28, were talking in the street just before 4am on Wednesday when a 22-year-old man, Shezoy Bleary, interrupted them. When Copeland told the man to back off, the suspect allegedly pulled out a knife and plunged it into the athlete's abdomen and elbow. He then turned on Saltare and stabbed her in the breast, buttocks and arm. Another woman, Catherine Somani, 23, was also stabbed in the abdomen as she apparently tried to break up the fight. Two other NBA players, Pero Antic and Thabo Sefolosha, were arrested at the scene.
Robert Cusanelli of Boston's WHDH-TV was banned from the Bristol County courthouse and was told he was not allowed to drive a vehicle for the 'purpose of reporting this case' Two jurors told the court Thursday morning that they saw someone watching them in a Ford Explorer. One took a picture of the vehicle's license plate. Judge Susan Garsh warned the TV station there could be repercussions following the incident that was reported in court on Thursday .
Carmarie and Kanya sat buckled into the device at the Indy Speedway park on Panama City Beach, Florida. At the start they seem pretty calm but when the carriage tilts back and fires 300ft-high panic sets in and they let out manic screams .
Pupil Xiao Gao, 11, has not spoken a word in five days after classmate gave him water laced with perfume and chalk dust. Medical experts are at a loss to explain his sudden inability to talk and say combination of water, perfume and dust - while nasty - should not have caused that type of damage.
Ashley Dodds, 29, visited Red Hot World Buffet in Manchester with daughter Dennon, 10, and her friend. Staff accidentally served girl a drink with alcohol in it instead of a non-alcohol.
INXS guitarist Kirk Pingelly and his surfing champion wife Layne Beachly won their case against a disgruntled neighbour who wanted to stop the redevelopment of their northern beaches home. Neighbour Wendy Goyer claimed her 'small but charming view' would be obstructed if Mr Pengilly and Ms Beachley's addition was built. Warringah council approved plans for additions to be made to the 762 square metre home in August 2013.
Richard III was described by William Shakespeare as a 'poisonous bunch-back'd toad' in his play depicting the monarch. But research on the king's skeleton discovered under a car park in Leicester revealed this may have been an exaggeration of a spine deformity .
Amelia-Jane Harris, 20, used to weigh 27st 10lbs and was a size 32. She was bullied at school and called 'Fatty Bum Bum' by playground bullies. She developed Crohn's disease and lost 18 stone in 20 months to become a slim size six. But she says her new 'dream body' is actually a nightmare as she cannot eat or work .
In 84 days from November 2013 to January 2014, the area around Azle, Texas, shook with 27 magnitude two or greater earthquakes. Scientists believe these earthquakes were the result of high-pressure injection of drilling wastewater into the ground by the oil and gas industry.
Justice Diana Bryant said Australia's surrogacy laws need to be overhauled to prevent cases of abandonment. She believes that because commercial surrogacy is banned in Australia, parents are forced to enter into unlawful arrangements overseas. This week an Australian couple were slammed after they left a baby boy born to their Indian surrogate with his mother.
Security research firm Bitglass created an excel spreadsheet of 1,568 fake employee credentials. It was placed on anonymous file sharing sites within the Dark Web, using a Tor browser as an entry point. The data was viewed more than 1,000 times and downloaded 47 times. Some activity had connections to crime syndicates in Nigeria and Russia. Traffic patterns suggest the fake data was shared among members of the syndicates.
Incident happened while plane was being prepared for 50-minute journey from Delhi to Jaipur. Captain of flight AI611 claims co-pilot misbehaved and struck him during altercation. Both pilots have been removed from duty.
Pennsylvania state representative Kevin Boyle claims Tonya Stack 'flipped him the bird' at a fundraiser. He claims she then threw a cup of cola at him at the event in Philadelphia .
49% think Camilla should become Queen Consort when Prince Charles accedes to the throne. 35% believe she should be given a lesser title out of respect to Diana, Princess of Wales. Only 7% of Britons thought she should one day.
Kyle Iveson, 24, burst into a convenience store in Clitheroe, Lancashire, brandishing a 12in knife. He demanded cash from shop assistant Karen Brown, the mother of his ex-girlfriend and grandmother of his daughter. He escaped with £650 in cash but was quickly arrested and jailed for three years .
The comment was said while on a visit to Oklahoma City on Sunday where he was speaking at a ceremony marking the 20th anniversary of the car bombing that killed 168 people including 19 toddlers at the Alfred P Murrah federal building in 1995. Hillary Clinton launched her presidential campaign last week and will move on to New Hampshire on Monday .
Kim Richards is speaking out for the first time since her shocking arrest last week following a drunken altercation at The Beverly Hills Hotel. The former child star turned Real Housewife discusses her demons in an emotional interview with Dr. Phil set to air April 28. Richards - who has been to rehab three times - was charged with public intoxication, trespassing, resisting arrest and battery on a police officer and arrested at the hotel last week .
Betty Johnson, 86, was a Kansas City Chiefs season ticket holder since 1986. She was known as 'grandma' by several players and received a kiss from Dwayne Bowe every game. Johnson lost her North Kansas City home in order to pay for her season tickets .
Sarah Stage, a 30-year-old underwear model and animal rights activist from Los Angeles, has documented her changing figure via her Instagram page throughout her pregnancy, earning herself a huge number of fans - as well as a fair share of critics - in the process.
Chen Yuntao, 38, has started dressing as a horse and begging people to ride him in exchange for 54p. His nine-year-old son Chen Minghao has been in and out of hospital for treatment for leukaemia since 2011. Family are already in huge debt after spending 200,000 yuan (£21,800) on medical bills.
John Pat Cunningham, 27, was shot by the Army in a field in Benburb, County Armagh in 1974. A 73-year-old suspect has now been detained in England. He is being taken to Northern Ireland for questioning.
A zookeeper at the Zoological Center in Tel Aviv placed a GoPro camera at the bottom of water troughs to capture the different perspectives. The animals range from a rhino who almost kisses the surface of the water to a lemur licking it.
Katie Hopkins has heaped praise on Tony Abbott's government for its success in stopping the boats. 'It's time to get Australian,' she wrote in The Sun columnist. 'Threaten them with violence until they bugger off', she said. Campaign launched by social justice website Change.org to have her removed .
Timothy Fradeneck, 38, was arraigned on Wednesday on first-degree murder charges in the deaths of his wife and two children. The bodies of Christine Fradneck, 37, and their 2-year-old daughter Celeste and 8- year-old son Timothy were found Monday evening at their home in Eastpointe, Michigan . Authorities say he strangled them to death with a USB cord . He is also charged with child abuse for allegedly abusing the children, who were set to celebrate their birthdays in the next two weeks.
The campaign was kicked off by Jaime Singleton, who saw the baby elephant, Nadia, tied to a pole outside a restaurant at Marina Phuket Resort. The change.org petition has received 50,627 signatures since it was launched a month ago. The target is 75,000 signatures to have Nadia freed from the resort. Another Thai resort has come under fire after it posted a picture online of drunken guests riding an elephant around a pool.
New list of 'religious punishments' published on ISIS propaganda website in Aleppo, Syria. Includes death penalty for anyone who insults God or blasphemes against Islam. Adulterers who engage in a sexual relationship are to be stoned to death. Couples who have an affair without sex can expect 100 lashes and 'banishment' Those guilty of 'highway robbery' face crucifixion.
Dr Vivek Murthy and Elmo go through the process of getting vaccinated and explain why it is so important. The campaign videos have been released in the wake of a measles outbreak that sickened 147 people in the U.S.
Choristers at St Peter and St Paul Church in Lavenham, Suffolk, quit in 'solidarity' over sacking of music director. Stephen Hogger, 55, had been at the 14th century church for 17 years. Walkout means first time in 200 years without choir.
George Osborne refused to rule out making further cuts for Britain's top earners . Instead he said raising the tax-free personal allowance bracket from £10,000 to £12,500 was a priority . Raising 40 per cent tax so that it only applies to those earning at least £50,000 was also a priority, he said . Labour and Tory politicians have come to blows over the 45p top tax rate  .
Raffaele Sollecito spotted shopping for lingerie two weeks after he was cleared of killing Meredith Kercher. The 31-year-old and his former lover, American Amanda Knox, were both acquitted in late March. Italian spent four years in prison after being found guilty of the murder of the British student in 2007. He described his acquittal as an 'end to the nightmare' and said he needed 'time to heal' and 'breat this fresh air'  .
A 4WD containing four children and an adult has crashed into a lake at Wyndham Vale, in Melbourne's outer west. Three children have died and one remains in a serious condition after the crash on Wednesday afternoon. The driver was transported via road ambulance to the Royal Melbourne Hospital. The relation between the female driver and the four children is not yet known. Locals are shocked as to how the car was able to get into the centre of the lake as it is 'pretty far from the road'    .
The images were posted on social media under the title Leveling Graves And Erasing Pagan Symbols. The group released a statement with the images that attempted to justify the mass desecration. It said that graves above the ground suggested that the dead person was closer to Allah than the living, so must be demolished and images must be erased.
Gale force winds of up to 135km/h are battering the east coast of New South Wales. Workers have begun posting photos of their broken umbrellas on social media with the hashtag #umbrellageddon. 'Weather 47 - 0 umbllies. #sydney #takemehome,' one user wrote on Twitter .
Richard Sherman and his girlfriend Ashley Moss welcomed a son, Rayden, on February 5, just four days after losing the Super Bowl to the New England Patriots. In the most recent photo, which he posted to Instagram on Thursday, Sherman and Moss are seen cradling Rayden. It was just announced the Seahawks would play the Denver Broncos in their first preseason game as they begin their quest for glory.
Sharon Edwards, 55, was last seen between 10pm and 11pm on Saturday March 14 in Grafton, NSW. Her car was left parked in her driveway and her clothes were thrown in the washing basket in her bedroom. Her wallet and handbag are missing but she has not accessed her bank or social media accounts. She is not believed to have had any enemies, but police are treating it as homicide.
Jafar Adeli, 32, arranged to meet someone he believed to be a 14-year-old girl for sex on the internet. But he was arrested by police when he turned up at a bus station in Leicester with three condoms in his pocket. Adeli had been duped by paedophile vigilante group Letzgo Hunting who filmed the meeting . He was jailed for 27 months after admitting attempting to meet a girl under 16 for grooming .
New mothers often get a stream of visitors shorty after giving birth. Well-meaning visitors arrive at the house armed with gifts for the baby and plenty of compliments. But there are a number of pitfalls to be avoided when cooing over newborn.
Jon Czerniecki set up trail cameras to spot deer on his grandparents' farm near Wangaratta, northeast Victoria. When he checked the nine hours of footage, he stumbled upon the disturbing spectacle. He has contacted the local council and Parks Victoria in hopes of notifying the owners of the dogs  .
Joanne Bolton, 35, was repeatedly knifed in the head by her violent boyfriend Steven Young. The mother-of-three was stabbed 14 times before being knocked out with a mental bar. Young was jailed for 18 years after admitting attempted murder at Newcastle Crown Court. Miss Bolton was left scarred for life and needed more than 100 stitches to her face, arms and body  .
Dawn Bainbridge, 47, led a 'family business' stealing thousands of pounds worth of clothes from high street stores. Daughter Claire, 21, made £26,180 and sister Caitlyn, 19, £7,476 from their illegal enterprise. Their company 'Designer Goods North East' took more than £7,000 in online payments in just four months. One daughter boasted of making £100 a week and said she dreamed of going it alone  .
The Handbag Clinic has opened on a fashionable west London high street to cater to the needs of well-heeled clientele. It was set up to rejuvenate high-end accessories in need of a face-lift or a quick repair. Famous clients include Imogen Thomas and Made in Chelsea stars.
The tiny copper coin, which is smaller than a penny, dates from the Iron Age almost 2,300 years ago. It was found in silt after the River Avon burst its banks between Bristol and Bath. Experts have dated the coin to between 300 BC and 264 BC and say it came from the Western Mediterranean. It suggests links between the south west of England and the Mediterranean long before Roman times .
The 18-year-old daughter of actor Stephen Baldwin stars in a new shoot for the May issue of Elle magazine. She is known for her close friendship with fellow fashion star Kendall Jenner  .
Tamoxifen is the main hormonal therapy drug given to women who have not been through the menopause. It blocks the hormone oestrogen from reaching the cancer cells. Study found caffeine caused breast cancer cells to divide less frequently and die more often.
New approach will target cancer stem cells that evade conventional drugs and cause tumours to re-grow. Cancer that has spread and is incurable kills 1,000 women in Britain every month. Researchers from Manchester University working with drug development company Evgen.
You need to eat just ten almonds to get your daily requirement of calcium (700mg) Two Brazil nuts provide 100% of our daily required dose of selenium. Cashews are a good source of iron.
Survey of 757 parents was carried out by Mumsnet, the UK’s largest internet community for parents. It found 37 per cent of parents had not told their children how to dial 999, with 53 per cent never even considered teaching.
Airline Visual Identity 1945-1975 revisits a time when the skies were dominated by the likes of Pan Am, British Overseas Airways Corp (BOAC) and Continental. The 436-page book contains dozens of glamorous adverts that encouraged those who could afford to fly to visit far-flung destinations such as Haiti, Hawaii and Japan.
Jason Warnock, 29, was driving Wednesday morning in Lewiston, Idaho when he saw debris near the road and looked up to see a vehicle crashed into a chain-link fence on the edge of a cliff. He then parked his car, ran up a pedestrian footbridge and pulled driver Matthew Sitko, 23, out to safety. Since he didn't stop to give police his name, Warnock remained a mystery for nearly 24 hours as the photo of the self-less rescue went viral online. Police say Sitko had just dropped off his younger siblings at school when a song came on in the vehicle and it 'convinced him to die'
Labour leader said a second independence poll 'ain't going to happen' even if he becomes PM with SNP support. Former PM John Major said SNP were 'determined to prise apart the United Kingdom' William Hague said SNP could be 'calling the tune' if Ed Miliband became PM on the back of SNP support next month.
Kate Major Lohan arrested for 'drunken attack' on husband Michael Lohan after heated argument. Michael made a 911 call claiming his wife had struck him after coming home inebriated. She was taken to the Palm Beach Country Jail and charged with battery  .
Christianne Boudreau thought her son Damien Clairmont was going to Egypt to study Arabic in 2013. But Canadian authorities later told her he had gone to Turkey where he crossed the border into Syria to join ISIS. She is now working to stop the extremist group from taking advantage of more vulnerable young men and women in North America .
Wylie Brys and his dad, Dallas zookeeper Tim Brys, were digging for fossils near a construction site near a Mansfield, Texas, grocery store when Wylie found the dinosaur bones. It's believed the bones belong to a nodosaur, a pony-sized herbivore with scaly, plated skin that dwelled on land in the area.
Airbus set to introduce an extra seat to each row of its Airbus A380 model from 2017. The configuration was rejected by Emirates but two manufacturers have agreed to deliver the seats. The change is due to come into place in 2017.
Eve Addison, now 24, developed strange swelling in her collarbone after drinking gin and tonic. She assumed she must have an allergy, but when switching brands failed to help she saw her GP. Tests revealed 24-year-old was suffering Hodgkin Lymphoma - cancer of the lymphatic system. Most common symptom of Hodgkin lymphoma is one or more painless swellings in the neck, armpit or groin .
Betty Willis, 91, died in her home in Overton, Nevada, on Sunday. She is credited with designing the 'Welcome to Fabulous Las Vegas' sign. The neon sign sits in a median in the middle of Las Vegas Boulevard south of the Strip .
Tykeran Hamilton, 25, shouted 'watch this' before accelerating up to 70mph on residential road. Crashed into Alan Knight, 64, who was crossing road on his morning paper round in Gloucester. Father-of-four and grandfather of 14 died instantly from his injuries at the scene, Bristol Crown Court heard.
Catherine Gerhardt uses her experiences to educate other adults and children on how to deal with online 'flamers' She teaches the children to follow ICE: Ignore, Communicate and Exit in order to deter bullies. An internet troll often trawls through social media, hunting for victims, while a 'flamer' waits for the victim to contact them and unleashes a hateful response.
Andaz Liverpool Street is built on the site of England's first hospital for the mentally ill. Victorian hotel features 267 rooms, four of which have been decorated by trendy artists. Guests include Beyonce, Lil Kim and Lady Gaga, as well as Beyonce .
Rony John, 15, died after jumping into the River Great Ouse in Hartford, Cambridgeshire, despite being unable to swim. Coroner will write to Government chiefs to ask why swimming is not included in secondary school education. Swimming is compulsory during primary school but not enforced for those aged 11 or over. Headteacher said Rony was eligible for six lessons a year.
Lidia Quilligana was arrested in Danbury, Connecticut last month after police viewed a video that allegedly showed her choking and beating a 3-year-old girl. She was also caught allegedly burning the legs, arms and hands of the girl on a hot stove as she screamed out in pain. This after the girl's family set up a nanny cam thinking that something was happening to the girl. Her bail has been set at $1million and she will appear in court April 22.
Pictures were taken by the Stasi - the Ministry for State Security - during the 40 year existence of the East German state. They were used as evidence in the show trials against people caught trying to escape the Communist regime. The pictures were also thought to have been used for training purposes for border guards and trainee agents. Photographer Arwed Messmer found the pictures in the archives of the secret police .
Of the 2,071 people surveyed, 22 per cent cited their pets as a close family member, above in-laws (21 per cent) But below grandparents at 26 per cent. More than one in 10 British families now live in ‘blended’ families as more people with children divorce .
Kezzia French, 46, thought she had laid six-month-old Andrea to rest in 1999 after she was killed by her father. Meyrick Fowler, then 24, was jailed for four years after killing her at their home in Ipswich, Suffolk. Police failed to tell Ms French she was burying her daughter with much of her body parts missing. Her liver, spine, bowel, lungs, kidneys, heart, spleen, stomach, pancreas and skull fragments retained.
Would-be Siennas must be 5ft 6in, have a 25½in waist, a high hip of 35, low hip of 36½ and be prepared to cut their hair into a messy bob. The successful stand-in must also be an expert in yoga moves including the side crow and lotus. The fee for the body double is just £500.
Thousands of motorists have been fined or had their cars towed away after falling foul of new rules. DVLA accused of 'heavy-handed and Draconian' behaviour after clamping soared by 60 per cent. Critics allege DVLA has been operating a 'money-making scam'
Former Missouri Auditor Tom Schweich had talked for years of taking his life - and had become increasingly agitated over politics - but left no suicide note when he fatally shot himself on February 26. Schweich's death and the apparent suicide a month later of his spokesman Spence Jackson have sent shockwaves through Missouri politics. Police say they have found nothing to suggest the death of Schweich, who was running as a Republican candidate for governor in 2016, was anything other than a suicide. No illegal drugs were found.
Workers pictured building walkway for tourists in Pingjiang County, Hunan province, south eastern China. With no ropes or safety harnesses, the men spend their days hauling heavy planks and wheelbarrows full of cement over a wooden walkway.
The pictures were taken during an airborne operation at the 'Salvador Pass' at the border between Libya and Niger. The shots show part of the anti-jihadist operation in the Sahel - the desert region .
Arizona is leading the way with plans to create artificial rain clouds by flying planes over the Rockies. They hope the technology will allow them to mitigate some of the worst impacts of climate change. The process of cloud seeding was first proposed in the 1940s at General Electric labs.
The all-gender restroom has opened in the Eisenhower Executive Office Building. Facility is the first of its kind at the White House and fits in with the administration's stance on LGBT issues.
The four Vincenti sisters, including the two older girls Emil and Claire, were removed from their mother's Sunshine Coast home in the middle of the night in 2012. The dramatic scenes of the girl's forced return caused widespread outcry, particularly as the girls' mother portrayed the cruelty of the Dad. The story was that the girls had been taken from their abusive father back in Italy to hide out in Australia and now they were being sent back to the 'monster' against their will. Now 60 Minutes has returned to the village near Florence where the girls have been living and interviewed the two elder girls, Emily and Claire Vincenti, 16 and 17.
Scientists at Brandeis University in Massachusetts believe memory neurons that are responsible for converting short-term memories into long-term ones, work most effectively when a person is asleep. They focused their research on dorsal paired medial neurons, well-known memory consolidators.
Dale Forrest, 26, of Bolton, would drink up to 12 pints of beer a night and ballooned to 24 stone. Gave up fatty takeaways for healthy foods and started going to the gym regularly to lose weight. Has now lost 10.5 stone thanks to healthy diet overhaul.
Hotel industry insider, Jacob Tomsky, reveals the most common items people take from hotels. He shares his tales from working in two top hotels in New Orleans and New York City with MailOnline Travel.
Robert Tomanovich is under fire from unhappy neighbours in Livonia, a suburb of Detroit. He first hung a noose from a tree and a Confederate flag, printed with the slogan 'I ain't coming down,' on a fence. A second noose appeared on a tree outside his tree-cutting business which operates at a second property on the same street.
As many as 20 per cent of people suffer with the occasional single mouth ulcer. They are usually shallow and occur on the tongue or inside the lip or cheek. Multiple ongoing mouth ulcers warrant further investigation.
All but one of 10 former Atlanta public school educators convicted in a widespread conspiracy to inflate student scores on standardized tests were sentenced to jail time on Tuesday. The judge called the cheating scandal 'the sickest thing that's ever happened in this town' Fulton County Superior Court Judge Jerry Baxter had delayed sentencing by a day and encouraged all to negotiate deals with prosecutors. But only two agreed to deals. The remaining eight received harsher sentences, ranging from one to seven years.
Tavon Watson, 24, was doing 100mph at the Exotic Driving Experience at Walt Disney World in Orlando when he slammed the Lamborghini on the passenger side into a guardrail, killing 35-year-old race track employee Gary Terry. Florida Highway Patrol Sgt Kim Montes revealed Tuesday that the guardrail damaged the Italian car on the east side of the passenger door. Investigators are now investigating whether cars at the private track are set up to travel in the opposite direction .
In 10 battleground constituencies polled by Tory peer Lord Ashcroft, Ukip's vote has fallen in nine. Support for Nigel Farage's party has more than halved in two seats and by more than a third in most of the others. Leaked poll reveals Farage is on course to lose his own Parliamentary election battle in Ukip's heartland.
Michelle Heale of Tom's River, New Jersey claims she was trying to burp 14-month-old Mason Hess when he began choking on his applesauce and that his neck snapped when she took him off her shoulder. The mother of twins, who were in the next room when the incident happened and then just three years old, was charged with murder and endangering the welfare of a child. Medical examiners determined that Mason died as a result of homicide caused by blunt cerebral trauma. The prosecution has argued that Heale shook the child to death. Heale broke down during her trial on Tuesday as she reenacted the moment the baby boy died with a doll  .
Video features David Cameron, Nick Clegg, Ed Miliband and Nigel Farage forming a pro-austerity boyband. It is designed to show that all parties are singing the same tune on cuts, public services and immigration. The song, Change The Tune, features comedians playing the four party leaders forming a boyband called Coalition .
There are apps that tell you where to get free cocktails and tell you the best places to eat dinner. Love Food Hate Waste will store details of all the foods you have at home and alerts you to duplicate buys .
Iran has banned its citizens from travelling to Saudia Arabia's holy sites. Decision made following claims two of its citizens were abused at Jeddah airport in March. Announcement comes amid escalating tensions between the two regional powers, particularly in Yemen.
Margaret Gretton, 46, has been barred indefinitely from the profession. She referred to the applicant as a member of the terror group and talked of 'bombs and blowing up the school' in an Asian accent. She showed no remorse for 'deliberate' and 'repeated' actions  .
Annegret Raunigk, 65, from Spandau, Berlin, is set to become the world's oldest woman to give birth to quads. She went in search of sperm and egg donors when her youngest of 13 children told her: 'I want to have a little brother or sister' due to wish of daughter.
James and Hope Ben Canaan left Gloriavale Christian Community in New Zealand last month. The Ben Canaans left with their 12 children and few worldly possessions for Timaru, 320km away. They are adapting well to life outside the community, with the father taking a farm job and the family moving into a modern home. Gloriavale is a Christian community of around 500 people who follow a literal interpretation of the New Testament and reject the outside world  .
'I think John Kerry tried to come back and sell a bill of goods, hoping maybe that the Iranians wouldn’t say much about it,' the Republican lawmaker told radio host Hugh Hewitt during his Thursday program. McCain said he had 'sympathy' for Iranian Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, because Kerry 'must have known' what the perimeters were for a long-term accord 'and yet chose to interpret it in another way' President Barack Obama's spokesman Josh Earnest in turn said it was 'naïve and reckless' .
Hannah Moore, 20, from Broxburn in West Lothian, posted images of her post-pregnancy body to inspire others. But her account was deleted 'within two minutes' of her posting them on the photo-sharing site. Site's censors said the images were deemed to contain inappropriate 'nudity and violence'  .
The Minister for Investment and Trade battled depression for 43 years. He appeared on ABC's Q&A program to reveal one of the unusual methods he used to stave of depression. Mr Robb also revealed he would force himself to sneeze by looking at the sun - which causes him to give him a 'hit'
Rebecca Calder, 24, went out drinking on the same night she used her victims' bank card to withdraw large amounts of cash. At her peak she was draining up to £300 a day from disabled victims' accounts. Calder, of Greater Manchester, was jailed for 12 months after she pleaded guilty to theft.
Rajul Patel, 35, targeted wealthy victims as they worked out at Virgin Active health clubs across London. He obtained memberships using the stolen driving licence of a gym-going doctor. Patel stole a man's platinum wedding ring, first-year anniversary ring and 40th birthday bracelet. He was jailed for 32 months at Isleworth Crown.
Liam Marshall-Ascough is standing to be an MP in Stoke-on-Trent central, a traditional Labour stronghold. He is pictured on Facebook appearing to lick a female friend's breasts under the title 'drunko' But he insists the pictures show him having fun on a night out with friends 'like a normal person' . The Crawley borough councillor said they show he is able to interact with people and be sociable.
Trevor Vale was driving from Darwin to Melbourne when he made the video. He was frustrated at the lack of interest from Australians in paying respect to the Anzacs. The truck driver's wife fought as a soldier in Timor and Afghanistan . The video has been viewed over 800,000 times on Facebook  .
Ronnie Lungu was singled out as 'a marked man' by Wiltshire Police solely due to his race, tribunal rules. The 40-year-old was passed over for promotion in favour of white colleagues. His internal assessments were secretly downgraded to make him appear unworthy, the employment tribunal heard   .
Tavon Watson, 24, was taking racing advice from instructor Gary Terry at the Exotic Driving Experience at Walt Disney World in Florida on Sunday when he lost control of the Italian supercar. Terry, 36, died at the scene while Watson was rushed to Celebration Hospital near Lake Buene Vista for treatment.
The USS Oklahoma capsized after being hit by nine torpedoes during the December 7, 1941, surprise attack from Japanese forces. Altogether, 429 sailors and Marines onboard were killed, but only 35 were identified . Hundreds were buried as unknowns at cemeteries in Hawaii until 1950, when they were reburied . Pentagon announced Tuesday plans to exhume and try to identify remains of up to 388 servicemen .
Max Muggeridge, 19, from Coomera in QLD caught a four metre tiger shark at the weekend. He reeled in the monster on the Tweed coast, just inside the NSW border, after a three hour battle. The teenager said the catch was a once in a lifetime opportunity. He believes it could have been close to the world record.
Former New England Patriots football player, 25, has pleaded not guilty to murder and firearms charges in the death of Lloyd, a semiprofessional football player who was dating his fiancée's sister. Prosecutors say the former tight end and two friends, Ernest Wallace and Carlos Ortiz, picked up Lloyd at his Boston home before dawn on June 17, 2013, and drove him to an industrial park near Hernandez's house in North Attleboro, Massachusetts, where they shot him to death. If convicted, Hernandez faces a maximum penalty of life in prison.
Yaphet Kotto starred as Dr Kananga in the 1973 Bond installment Live And Let Die. He said the role was created by Ian Fleming for a white actor and should be portrayed as such. Comments come in response to speculation Idris Elba is in the running to replace Daniel Craig. Current James Bond Daniel Craig has ruled out taking role.
Iain Duncan Smith said zero-hours contracts should be re-named 'flexible hours' in TV interview today. He said only 2% of the total workforce have flexible hours contracts . Labour and trade union leaders criticised comments, saying it showed minister was 'out of touch' Labour has pledged to ban exploitative deals .
Fox News Sunday anchor Chris Wallace, 67, made the comments on the nationally-syndicated Mike Gallagher Show on Friday. The veteran news man has since apologized for his 'offensive' remarks, saying that he should have spoken of the singer's 'remarkable talent', not her weight. Kelly Clarkson spoke of criticism about her weight on The Ellen DeGeneres Show.
The Vatican are training up ordinary doctors, teachers and psychologists to cope with rising tide of demonic possessions. The tenth edition of the annual course, ‘Exorcism and Prayer of Liberation,’ sponsored by the Vatican Congregation for the Clergy, began this morning.
New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady also threw a first pitch, at Fenway Park in Boston - but didn't do himself proud, chucking the ball straight at the ground. The NYPD families were joined by Mayor Bill de Blasio at a time when his relationship with the police department.
The exotic dancers were hired by the deceased's wife as a final gift to her husband. The Taiwanese phenomenon of having exotic dancers or strippers perform at funerals began in the 1980s. Some have labelled the practice as scandalous, but others claim it is an important part of the grieving process - and a way of honour.
Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival is the first big arts and music festival of the summer season. As in previous years, the 16th edition has attracted large crowds as festival goers danced around in the sun while performers including the headlining act AC/DC was scheduled to take the stage. This year's lineup includes rapper Drake, Florence and the Machine, FKA Twigs, David Guetta, The Weeknd, Kasabian and alt-J.
Toddler slipped and fell into the pit at 3pm on Saturday at Cleveland Metroparks Zoo. His parents jumped in and pulled him to safety before paramedics arrived on the scene. The boy suffered from minor bumps and bruises and is in stable condition .
The baby, a boy named Prince Irfan, was born in the Swiss city of Geneva last Saturday. Mother and child are said to be doing well, according to her husband, Prince Rahim Aga Khan. She follows in the footsteps of a string of American royal wives .
Whitney Fetters, 28, has been charged with soliciting sex with a minor and possession of marijuana. She allegedly exchanged nude photos and videos with a 14-year-old student and sent him sexually suggestive text messages. The Spanish teacher allegedly planned to invite the boy to spend the night with her as she was house-sitting 'so they could get high and have sex' She has since lost her job at Hefner Middle School.
Karlie Kloss is teaming up with the Flatiron School in New York to offer 20 girls free tuition to a two-week coding course this summer. The 22-year-old model is donating $20,000 of her own money .
Beck Cooper and Bridget Yorston unveiled swimwear collection at Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia. The 120 piece ready-to-wear collection was inspired by Seventies model Veruschka .
More than 140 children have been removed from school in Washington because they did not have vaccination forms. Health officials have warned of the danger of a measles pandemic in the U.S. because of the growing number of people not getting vaccinated. Officials have warned there could be a danger of reversing the eradication of measles .
Leeds-based Direct Line is running a competition called #EverydayFix. They asked groups to design products to deal with common problems. These include forgetting to lock the door and not being able to sleep. The products were designed as part of the Direct Line Everyday Fix design makeathon. You can vote on which one is your favourite - and the winner will be made into an actual product. It will be funded through a Kickstarter campaign and will go into development   .
Deputy Prime Minister met by protesters in Surbiton, south-west London, today. They chanted: 'Nick Clegg lied to me, he said uni would be free' Mr Clegg ignored the protesters as he stuck to his message that only Lib Dems can be trusted to balance budget without hitting poor.
Jessica Mejia, 20, was killed when her ex-boyfriend, Nicholas Sord, smashed their car into a pole in 2009. Her mother, Christina Mejian, is suing the Cook County Sheriff's Office in Illinois for taking photos of her dead body. The sheriff's office insists the photos were taken to gather evidence that helped convict Sord .
Last year in South Africa 1,215 rhinos were poached and killed - one every eight hours. Poachers are looking to sell rhino horn which can make up to £47,000 a kilo. Rhino horn is made from keratin, the same stuff as fingernails, and is used to treat blood disorders. People will pay an absurd amount for an absurd product because of an absurd belief: that rhino Horn is the most wonderful kind of medicine.
Moira Gemmill, 55, was cycling to work at St James's Palace when she collided with a lorry near Lambeth Bridge. She had recently left her position as director of design at the Victoria and Albert Museum. Her brother described her as an 'extraordinary' woman who lived a 'modest life' .
Dustin Irons was appearing over video-link to a court in Oregon when he managed to pull down his pants. Judge added an extra 30 days to his sentence for contempt of court.
Tony Tancock, 56, has won accolades for his specially-bred cavies and has shown them off at events around the country. But he was devastated after a thief snuck into an outbuilding at his home in Crediton, Devon, to steal his prized pets leaving eight behind. Police are investigating.
Michael Scott Shemansky is on the run after authorities named him as a suspect in the murder of his mother. His mother, Sandra, 57, was found dead at the home they shared in Winter Garden, Florida, on Saturday. He is already on parole for battery on law enforcement, has a history of bipolar mental illness, and attempted suicide .
Kristina Schake, who left the East Wing in June 2013, has been brought on to Mrs Clinton's 2016 communications team to help recast her image. She will attempt to turn the 67-year-old politician - who is expected to announce her run for White House this month - from a strong and knowledgeable figure into a softer, more accessible one. Ms Schake's efforts to help Mrs Clinton do this could prove tricky, particularly in the wake of the scandal over her new boss's exclusive use of a personal email address during her time as secretary of state .
The woman who owned the car jumped onto the bonnet of her white Honda in Smyrna, Georgia. The carjacker attempted to drive off at speed from the Fast Track Car Wash. Police have hailed the passer-by as a hero for possibly saving her life.
Thousands of homemade rockets were aimed at church towers in the Aegean island of Chios by rival parishioners in their traditional 'mock war' Dozens of brave souls even attend the late-night services inside the churches of Aghios Markos and Panaghia Erithiani while the annual battle is held.
Pianist Laurie Holloway was invited to accompany the Queen and Princess Margaret to Buckingham Palace. The Royals recorded songs such as I know Where The Flies Go In Winter Time in 1990. The Queen Mother was said to be delighted by the unique recording which was recorded on a cassette tape.
Matthew Kenney, 34, told police he smoked Flakka before he streaked though traffic early on Saturday evening while only wearing a pair of sneakers. The suspect said he was escaping imaginary killers who he believed stole his clothes and wanted to murder him. He said he would 'rather die than be caught by these unknown people' . He was hospitalized for a psychiatric evaluation  .
Three young Oxford graduates set off to explore the Iriri river in a remote part of the Amazon in 1961. The trip was the beginning of a lifelong fascination with the region, and a distinguished career writing about it for John Hemming.
Activision Blizzard has announced plans to resurrect the popular video game franchise later this year. Called Guitar Hero Live, the revamped game features a redesigned guitar, live-action actors and an online music video network. It will cast players as an up-and-coming guitarist in a fictitious band. Instead of playing along with computer-generated characters, players will see a first-person view of their band and audiences portrayed by human actors. The game will be released in the autumn for the PlayStation 4, Xbox One, PlayStation 3, Xbox 360.
Anne-Louise van den Nieuwenhof was diagnosed with Ewing's sarcoma aged just five. Doctors told her parents she had three months to live but she defied the odds and went on to become a nurse. She died suddenly six days after giving birth to her second child in a Canadian hospital .
Nguyen Thi Hang, 35, was waiting to board at Tan Son Nhat International Airport in Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam. She was travelling with just hand luggage when she was asked to have it weighed by a worker. The scales showed the luggage was overweight.
Jiaro Mendez and Elias Acevedo were both found to be 'highly intoxicated' by Tulsa police following the fight that broke out in the parking lot of their shared apartment on April 14 around 1am. The men were arguing over which phone was better, police said. Mendez told police that he was hit in the head with a beer bottle .
Paddle, Pellita, Chan and Idalia have been sent from Brisbane's Lone Pine Sanctuary as a gift to Singapore. The four koalas will be on loan to Singapore for six months at a purpose-built enclosure in Singapore Zoo. Julie Bishop announced the gift on Thursday .
Gravity Payments CEO Dan Price is slashing his $1million salary by 93percent. He's also taking up to 80percent of the firm's $2.2million expected profit to plow it back in to staff salaries. Price founded Gravity Payments in 2004 when he was 19 years old .
Sales of books about Islam were three times higher in the first quarter of 2015 compared to the same time last year. Experts believe people are buying the books because they want a better understanding of the religion some terror groups claim to represent, so that they can decide.
Stephanie Hannon was the tech giant's director of productmanagement for civic innovation and social impact. She will supervise a sprawling effort to develop websites, mobile apps and other vehicles for pushing the former secretary of state's brand through the 2016 elections. Hannon previously worked on Gmail and Google Maps. She also spent some time at Facebook, and also worked for the event-organizing website Eventbrite. Seasoned digital talent is in high demand as nearly 20 potential White House hopefuls plan.
Park Crescent West, next to Regents Park in London, was designed by John Nash in the early 19th century. Developer PCW Property Holdings paid £105million for the Grade I listed crescent in 2013. It will be made up of 73 homes, ranging from studios and mews houses to five-bed flats worth £15million. Residents fear noise and disruption will ruin lives.
NSW State Emergency Service (SES) are warning the public that scammers are making calls falsely claiming to fundraise. The public have been alerted to the heartless scheme via an important notice issued on the NSW SES Facebook page. The service have received more than 6500 requests for help since the storms began on Monday, with flash flooding, trees down and power outages.
Artist Megumi Igarashi said she had done nothing wrong in handing out the code for a 3D printer. 'I am innocent because neither the data for female genitals nor my art works shaped like female genitals are obscene,' she told judges at Tokyo District Court.
The annual Water Temple Fair in Jiangnan, China, sees thousands gather on boats to pray for good fortune. Fishermen dress up in traditional costumes, while boat races, drumming and dragon dances bring a carnival atmosphere to the town of Jia Xing. Fair commemorates an ancient hero.
Prices have fallen by the largest amount in almost a decade as supermarkets compete with each other. Milk, bread, eggs, cheese and roasting chickens have seen the biggest fall in price at the supermarket checkout. On the high street clothes and footwear have become even more affordable - with prices dropping by 7.8 per cent in the last 12 months .
Audrey Bolte, who finished runner-up in Miss Ohio 2012, was supposed to meet Ryan Poston, 29, at a bar to play pool and drink on October 12, 2012, but he failed to arrive. Shayna Hubers, 24, is charged with murder in the shooting death of Poston and claims she shot him in self-defense. Her cellmate testified that Hubers joked about the shooting and said she was going to get off all charges. Jurors were shown a videotaped police interview in which Hubers said Poston was 'vain' and she gave him the 'nose job he wanted' by shooting him in the face.
Claudio Giardiello, 46, is said to have killed his lawyer Lorenzo Alberto Claris Appiani, 37, and his co-defendant before shooting dead judge Fernando Ciampi. A fourth victim, understood to have been a witness, had no visible injuries and is thought to have died of a heart attack. Prime Minister Matteo Renzi said the attack was 'a moment of great pain, of sadness' He promised 'the government will shed the utmost light on the event' .
The 40-year-old former Celebrity Big Brother contestant said the vessels ‘need pushing back’ and asked listeners to a radio show: ‘Why do we take on everyone else's problem?’. More than 900 people are feared dead after the fishing boat overturned in the Mediterranean at midnight yesterday in one of the worst maritime disasters since the Second World War ended. Today, an Italian coast guard ship brought the bodies of 24 victims to Malta for burial before heading to Sicily with 28 survivors.
Jimmy Anderson beat Sir Ian Botham's all-time England wicket-taking record with 384 wickets. Anderson took the wicket of Denesh Ramdin in his 21st over in his 100th Test for England. Anderson's family and friends were in attendance to watch him make history in Antigua.
The collector’s paradise in Horfield, Bristol, has gone untouched for more than 80 years. It comes complete with the original bathroom, kitchen, stained-glass windows and oil-fired central heating. The semi-detached property has a guide price of between £200,000 and £250,000.
David Cameron's home has been put into the spotlight recently but do his belongings live up to etiquette expert William Hanson's expectations? Use his short household audit to see how many of the below items you own and discover how posh your pile really is. Click here .
Maria Lucia detailed her year-long battle in a letter to fans on The Current's website on Wednesday as she explained she would be taking some time off from the station following the ordeal. The alleged stalker, Patrick Henry Kelly, from Eden Prairie, has been charged in the case and is set to go on trial next week. He faces up to 10 years in prison if convicted. It began when Kelly, 56, wrote Lucia a letter about his dead dog and she responded sympathetically in March.
The episode of An Hour with Ruta aired on independent TV channel LNK last week. It claimed foreign children were being seized and fostered with Norwegian parents to strengthen the Nordic country's 'genetic material' An 'expert' on the controversial chat show said the country needed fresh blood to combat inbreeding .
George Davon Kennedy of DeKalb, Georgia, a student at Middle Tennessee State University, was taken in Tuesday night as police believe he is one of the men caught on video raping a woman in Panama City. He now joins two other men who were arrested late last week. Delonte Martistee, 22, and Ryan Calhoun, 23, were charged with sexual battery for the incident believed to have occurred between March 10 and 12. Authorities previously arrested a pair of students from Alabama's Troy University who were allegedly seen in the video, which was recorded last month   .
Two female passengers were seen making frequent visits to the cockpit of a Ryanair flight. The Irish Aviation Authority are investigating the incident, which took place on Good Friday. The two women were believed to be off-duty Ryanair staff members of staff .
Andrea Lindsay, 43, from Prescot, Merseyside, shed more than three stone using an app. Mother-of-one dropped from a size 18 to a size ten to 12 in half a year. Her husband's colleagues thought Robbie had traded his wife in for a younger model.
UK Oil & Gas Investments boasted it had discovered a 'world class potential resource' It claimed analysis of a well near Gatwick Airport suggested 100 billion barrels of oil lay beneath the Weald Basin . But the company has now admitted it cannot be sure how much crude lies beneath the region – if, indeed, there is much at all .
David Nicholson, 48, accused of sending messages to prostitute about spanking her dressed as a schoolgirl. Married father-of-four has not returned to The Costello School in Basingstoke, Hampshire, since scandal came to light. He has now resigned from his post.
Lauren York, 15, ran away from her home in North Ridgeville, Ohio, around 4am Sunday morning. She was found Monday afternoon in the same town where she was last seen. Her parents believe she left on her own since she took a backpack with a phone and clothes and her bike .
Mum Gitte Denteneer asked staff at the Rubens eaterie in Leuven, Belgium, to warm up some milk for her two-month old son. But when she came to pay, she was stunned to find that 50 cents had been added onto the bill for the bottle-warming.
Rafi, 10, and Dvora Meitiv, six, were picked up by police on Sunday after a concerned citizen reported seeing them alone in a Maryland park. Their parents, Danielle and Alexander, say they were left to panic for hours before being told their children were safe. They say they weren't reunited with their children until 10:30pm. Free-range parents advocate a more hands-off approach to parenting, where children are allowed to go out and experience the world on their own.
Jaden Smith, 16, wore a floral-print tunic that seemed to resemble a tiered dress at Coachella. Kylie Jenner, 17, wore nude hot pants and hiking boots and black lace body stocking. Paris Hilton, 34, sported rose-petal cat ears and a pair of embellished cat ears. Katy Perry, 30, and posse opted for a mix of boho and pastel prints, but real eye-catcher.
Dr Habeeb Latheef, 48, is on trial at Taunton Crown Court accused of three counts of sexual assault. He is accused of carrying out the assaults over a four-year period between 2008 and 2011. The married GP was working at the Hendford Medical Centre in Yeovil.
Joshua Corbett faces charges of stalking and burglary after allegedly breaking into Sandra Bullock's home last summer. Corbett has pleaded not guilty to the charges bought against him this week in California court .
A two-year-old girl from Gardena, California, disappeared from her mother's car wash around 4.55pm on Thursday. The toddler reportedly shouted 'mommy' before her mother turned around and could not find her. Her girl was found injured outside of Jim's Burgers 13 miles away and was spotted by concerned customers next to a dumpster .
Rajee Narinesingh was one of the victims of 'toxic tush' doctor Oneal Ron Morris, who performed illegal plastic surgeries using substances such as Fix-a-Flat, Super Glue and mineral oil. Rajee had Morris inject her cheeks, lips and chin back in 2005, and ended up disfigured after she did not have the money to go to a proper cosmetic surgeon. She was recently treated by Dr Terry Dubrow and Dr Paul Nassif in a process that will be featured on the premiere episode of Botched, which airs on Sunday night .
Jeremy Scott's spring/summer 2015 collection for Moschino caused an Insta-stampede when he sent human Barbie dolls down the catwalk. Olivia Phillips, 30, a journalist at Emirates Woman, decided to find out by taking to the streets of Dubai dressed as the iconic doll. Here's how she got on with the look .
Five-day-old hippopotamus was flung into the air after it strayed into firing line of adult male. Mother watched in horror as it was dragged along surface of water in iSimangaliso Wetland Park, South Africa.
The picture was taken by a student at The Geelong College, south-west of Melbourne. It is believed to show disgraced principal Andrew Barr surfing for pornography while on-the-clock. Mr Barr resigned from his position after an investigation, which included a search of his computer, after the photograph appeared on Snapchat. The school has since announced it has begun searching for a new principal.
A plane was struck by lightning shortly after takeoff during a flight from Reykjavik, Iceland, to Denver, Colorado on Tuesday. The lightning strike caused a gaping hole in the nose of the Boeing 757. The plane landed safely in Denver and no one was injured in the incident .
The 32-year-old, known only by the initials SAKA, admitted his father was in charge of 65 Taliban troops. Claimed he only agreed to join the terrorist group because he was worried about his safety. Also claimed he had been tortured during four years in jail in Kandahar after being accused of murder.
Danila Kislitsyn told police it was his duty to eliminate stray dogs from the streets around Vladivostok. The 31-year-old would travel around the south-eastern Russian city using poisoned sausages to kill strays. Animal charities were furious when Judge Olga Yerokhina handed him a fine.
Christopher Lawler said he was pinned to a chair and groped by a male member of staff on his first day working at Clarence House. The ordeal left him in tears and he left the job the same day. His complaints were ignored for months before the police were finally notified, he claims, he said .
Cable TV's Foxtel will launch the third season of Orange is the New Black by screening every episode in a full season marathon. A kink in the agreement with US studio Lionsgate allows it to offer episodes as an on-demand streaming title. The third season premieres on Netflix on June 12.
Red squirrels have returned to Windermere, in the picturesque Lake District, after 16-year absence. Experts say lack of habitats caused them to disappear from the area. Native reds have been almost wiped out, except for a few pockets in the north of England, Isle of Wight.
The pledge to extend the dream of home ownership to 1.3million social tenants was the centrepiece of Tuesday’s Tory manifesto launch. But housing associations responded furiously - with one board member lambasting the proposal as the ‘right to steal’. There were even threats of a legal challenge, potentially under European human rights laws. Bosses of housing associations, which are not for profit, were themselves in the dock after details emerged of their lavish salaries  .
Twins Eli and Silas Keslar died after falling into a canal in Yuma, Arizona last week. Authorities have not yet officially identified the boys, but they were named over the weekend. A Go Fund Me page set up by a friend of the boys' grandmother has raised over $10,000 for their memorial .
Emily Ratajkowski, 23, shot to fame as the half-naked cavorting star of Robin Thicke's Blurred Lines video. Reveals how she maintains her enviable figure with hiking, yoga and cooking .
Heritage Auctions offered the gray jacket and skirt, featuring a black zigzag applique, plus more than 150 other items from the Academy Award-winning film at auction on Saturday in Beverly Hills, California. The dress - a jacket and full skirt ensemble - was worn in several key scenes in the 1939 movie, including when Scarlett O'Hara encounters Rhett Butler, played by Clark Gable, and when she gets attacked in the shanty town in the movie  .
The five bedroom home is based in the same building where 1950s pin-up and Hollywood icon Ava Gardner spent her final years. Offers 3,054 sq. ft. of high-end accommodation with two reception rooms, five bathrooms, a study and kitchen/breakfast room. It also boasts a grand double-sized reception room, private study and a lift servicing each floor of the building  .
Hillary Clinton arrived in Boston at 4:15 p.m. at Boston Logan International Airport to catch a commercial US Airways shuttle to Washington, D.C. She and her entourage flew on the same flight from Manchester, N.H., to the same destination. The Manchester flight was scheduled to use a smaller plane with 12 first-class seats, while the Boston flight had 12 first class seats. Clinton told Daily Mail Online: 'I don't make the travel arrangements. I don't' . She went silent when asked if she would be ready soon to address public concerns about her performance as secretary of state before and after the 2012 terror attack that claimed four lives in Benghazi, Libya, when she landed in Washington .
Sarah Stage, 30, from Los Angeles, came under fire during her pregnancy for posting a string of selfies showing off her seemingly rock-hard abs. But her son James Hunter was born at a healthy eight pounds and seven ounces last Tuesday  .
Joanna Goodall forged signatures of customers and colleagues for cash refunds at Premier Inn in Newcastle. The 30-year-old mother-of-one took the money from the till at Newcastle Crown Court. She was given a nine-month suspended sentence but ordered to pay back just £1 as she has no assets.
One Utah National Guard officer was sacked and three other soldiers have been disciplined for their involvement with Hot Shots 2015. Military vehicles became props for the group's risque calendar and 'behind-the-scenes' video. The Army Times saw emails where members of the 19th Special Forces talked about removing references to their involvement and blamed 'uptight Mormons' for outrage of their time with the models.
Brigadier Alastair Aitken says he needs computer whizzkids skilled in ‘social media, financial operations and counter-criminality’ but admits that civilians with the relevant experience are not natural recruits for the Army. Brigade launched with great fanfare in January in response to ISIS.
Jaclyn Methuen, 30, nearly left husband Ryan Ranellone, 29, at the altar last week because she deemed him too unattractive. Ryan is growing frustrated with her insistence on calling him 'dude' and 'bro' when they are supposed to be acting like a married couple  .
Michele Leonhart is a career drug agent who has led the agency since 2007 and is the second woman to hold the job. Lawmakers have been pushing for Leonhart's ouster since her disastrous appearance before the House Oversight Committee last week. A majority of the committee said they had lost confidence in her and said she 'lacks the authority'
Dr Sameer Patel, clinical director at the Elleven practice in London, has highlighted the dentistry dangers of the 'desk diet' Here, he reveals the biggest offenders and offers advice on how to safeguard your oral health during the working day. Some breakfast cereals contain as much as three teaspoons of sugar.
Eddie Raymond Tipton, 51, of Norwalk, Iowa, was originally charged with two felony counts of fraud when he was arrested in January for illegally playing the lottery and having a friend collect his prize. Now prosecutors say he used an intricate system to make sure he would win. His trial had been due to start Monday .
Jan Bearman, 83, has had a new tattoo inked on her shoulder every birthday for the past three years in memory of her daughter Shell. Jan's daughter Shelley died in 2011 at the age of 56 of complications from her diabetes. 'Shell was just such a gorgeous girl. It's a loss that leaves a hole in your heart that's never filled again. You do these things as a memorial, to carry [her] with you' .
Detective Ian Cyrus has been suspended without pay and his supervisor placed on desk duty. Five NYPD detectives were at Brooklyn deli arresting workers for selling illegal cigarettes. Manager Ali Abdullah was given a receipt from police saying $593 had been seized.
Andy Murray married Kim Sears at Dunblane Cathedral this weekend. His mother Judy said she can't wait for her son to have children with his new wife. The tennis coach said she will teach them about tennis.
Experts from Centre for International Research in the Humanities and Social Sciences (CIRHUS) in New York City studied neolithic ornaments to understand how farming spread. They examined 200 beads-type objects found at more than 400 European sites over a 3,000-year period, tracing the adoption of farming practices.
Peter Kelly, 34, was fatally stabbed on Tuesday night at the St Croix River after an argument with three teenagers. Levi Acre-Kendall, 19, was charged with one count of first-degree reckless homicide on Friday. The suspect, who was held on $125,000 bail, is now facing a maximum sentence of 60 years in prison. The father-of-five leaves behind a wife and five children under the age of nine .
Andrew Hennells posted details of his plan to the social networking site just 15 minutes before the robbery. Norfolk Police were alerted by a member of the public to a man brandishing a knife demanding cash from staff. He fled the scene before police arrived, but was quickly arrested in a nearby pub with £410 in stolen cash and a knife .
WARNING: GRAPHIC CONTENT. Images show seals being shot and wounded on thin ice before being dragged onto vessels. They are then clubbed to death and skinned for their fur despite decreasing demand for them. Humane Society International says baby seals are 'dying a violent death for fur products nobody wants' Newfoundland government has authorised the killing of up to 468,000 harp, hooded and grey seals. Campaigners claim the animals are innocent .
Charlotte Watts argues that stress drains nutrients from the body, meaning it shows up in surprising ways. White spots on nails and bleeding gums are signs your body is under stress. Cracks at the side of the mouth are a sign the body is low on vitamin B6.
French photographer and illustrator, Thomas Lamadieu, takes snaps of the sky in courtyards and built-up areas. The space in between then acts as a canvas for his playful illustrations which he has dubbed 'sky'
Darren Goddard, 48, left his 18-month-old son Lewis Helget in 1989 after his marriage broke down. He had moved to Germany to pursue a career in the Army and met Lewis' mother Aggi six years earlier. Mr Goddard's daughter Cally, 15, set him up with a Facebook account three years ago but never used it .
The woman, identified as Krista Dotzenrod from Minnesota, said it was 'pure luck' 'I was sitting there, and all of a sudden there is a ball in my cup. It fell straight in there,' she said. 'Everyone behind me told me to chug my beer,' she added .
General Motors has unveiled the Chevrolet-FNR car at the Shanghai General Motors Gala Night. It has 'dragonfly' swing doors that open upwards and 'crystal laser headlights' The car was developed in Shanghai by GM’s Pan Asia Technical Automotive Centre. Chevrolet said the car offered a ‘glimpse at mobility of the future’. The car is self-driving, electric, and the front chairs can swivel round using iris recognition.
Victoria McKennon is just one class short of the credits she needs to graduate from Plano Senior High School. The 17-year-old has had to miss dozens of lessons due to her life-threatening cystic fibrosis. Her family have filed a civil rights complaint with the Department of Education .
David Priestley called 999 three times and had to wait an hour for an ambulance to reach his wife Diane. She was struggling to breathe and her tongue and lips had turned blue. Grandmother-of-nine died from a ruptured abdominal aortic aneurysm on arrival at Darlington Memorial Hospital, County Durham  .
Pietro Boselli, 26, from Brescia, Italy, is an advanced maths lecturer at University College London. The model, who has a PHD, says he tried to keep his double life a secret from colleagues and students. He is hoping to earn enough money from modelling to set up his own engineering consultancy. His Instagram account has amassed more than 480,000 followers.
The couple, who have not been named, were arguing in the parking lot of an apartment complex in the 9800 block of South Kirkwood Road, South West Houston. Her husband admitted to police that during the heat of the argument he tried to drive off in his green Chevrolet pickup truck when she grabbed the door handle, slipped and he ran her over. Police have not filed charges against him.
The group, calling themselves Hookers For Hillary, all work at Dennis Hof's infamous Moonlite Bunny Ranch in Carson City. The legal brothel, which was the subject of HBO's Cathouse series, has drafted a four-point platform explaining their endorsement .
Smoked poured over Westhampton Beach on Wednesday at 3pm as a fire spread through 90 condos. It is not known what started the blaze, which was so intense it melted the paint off nearby buildings.
The bizarre claims are being taught to pupils across North Korea as a way of indoctrinating future generations. The book, called Kim Jong Un's Revolutionary Activities, has been distributed to middle and high schools for study during the 2015 school year.
Both Brits and Americans want royal baby number two to be a girl, according to YouGov poll. Americans favour Diana and Elizabeth as their favourite names if the royal baby is a girl. Charlotte, Alice and Alexandra are the leading names in the UK, with Charlotte scooping the lead with 13 per cent.
British officers were forced to accept the four-day inspection from experts from Moscow. They are attending Exercise Joint Warrior, designed to send a signal to the President. Britain and 11 other Nato countries are set to contribute to the naval exercise off the coast of Scotland.
Restaurant owner Ronald Peijenburg has previously used a Formula 1 racing car, hot air balloon and helicopter to deliver vegetables. But the drone crashed and exploded mid-journey in the Netherlands after crashing into a field.
Geraldine Jones, 36, of Gary, Indiana, charged with murder, kidnapping and criminal confinement. Samantha Fleming, 23, and her three-week-old baby Serenity went missing on April 5. Police believe Jones lured Fleming from her home by telling her she was a child-welfare worker so she could stab her and steal baby.
 Circuit Judge Michael Maggio, 52, faces up to 10 years in prison and a $250,000 fine when he is sentenced in July. Maggio sparked controversy last March when he admitted posting racist, sexist and offensive comments. He revealed the Hollywood actress had adopted two months before she announced it publically in 2012 .
Mandy Greenwood, 39, from Rochdale, Greater Manchester, was abused by her father from the age of seven. Keith Whitworth, now 61, would wake her up during the night and beat her with a belt. He would tell her: 'I'm only doing this because I love you' Mandy carried the secret around with her for 20 years before confiding in husband.
The 3,600-passenger, Union Jack-adorned Britannia is the largest cruise ship built for the UK market. With a 3600 capacity, it is the biggest cruise ship in the world built to serve the British market.
Amol Gupta, from Manhattan, is suing ZogSports kickball league claiming that during a match two years ago he ran into a brick wall, breaking his nose and elbow, and also injuring his spine. Kickball is a popular American schoolyard game akin to baseball where players kick the ball to bat instead of using bats .
Video taken from a patrol car dashcam captures the 'end of days' group brawling with cops in Cottonwood, Arizona, on March 21 just moments before a deadly gunfight. The Gaver family had allegedly been camping outside the store for a few days when they had the confrontation with police. Enoch Gaver, 21, was killed in the fight and suspect David Gavers, 28, was shot in the stomach and taken into custody. Ten-year Cottonwood Police veteran Sgt Jeremy Daniels, 31, was also shot and hospitalized, but has since been released. According to Facebook, the family is part of a band called Matthew 24 Now, which sometimes played outside a grocery store in Boise, Idaho.
Frances Clarkson, 53, spent the Easter Bank Holiday weekend with family and friends in Barbados. She showed off her tanned figure in a white bikini as she relaxed on a beach on the Caribbean island. Frances has previously holidayed on the island with her estranged husband Jeremy Clarkson, 54, who was sacked from Top Gear last month .
Kaitlyn Granado, 24, arrested on Monday amid claims she had sex with pupil, 15, in her car in January. She was first arrested on March 19 for having an inappropriate relationship with a 15-year-old student. Now she has been arrested again for second time.
Nathalie Croquet, from Paris, has recreated a series of glossy ads for her project SPOOF. The exhibition includes parodies of ads from Givenchy, Lancome, Lanvin and Acne. Nathalie says she hopes the pictures will make people laugh .
Airline Codes lists the origins of 438 airport codes from 94 countries. The codes are known as IATA location identifiers, and are set by the International Air Transport Association. Many airports change names over the years so their airport codes might reflect a previous identity or purpose .
'Her bill was $20 and some change, and they paid with $21 and left,' said Charles Wright, the manager of the Maumee, Ohio, restaurant. 'The other lady paid the bill,' he said, referring to Abedin, the vice chairwoman of Clinton's campaign. Clinton and Abedin dropped by the restaurant incognito for lunch just after 1 pm on Monday during their road trip .
Jay Rutland, 34, is married to the 30-year-old daughter of Formula One boss Bernie Ecclestone. Training consultant's firm brought in just £3,378 over the 12 months to July 2014. Brigante Business Developments based in Battersea, south-west London.
Ex-PM said he wanted to create a 'cadre' of former leaders to advise governments. He said: 'You can get some of these guys who are fantastic executors. Why not use their talents and their experience?’ in Newsweek interview .
None* gives users only one clue to get started and a keyboard to type their guesses. There are no images, music, animations, sound effects or hints to help users, or indication of what the purpose of the game is. The free app has a pitch black screen and a single clue written in white text, as well as showing a small keyboard .
James Gregoire, 54, was killed following a late night 'altercation' in Clacton, Essex. A 21-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of murder at 11.40am this morning. A second man was seriously injured in the brawl and a third man suffered minor injuries. Essex Police are appealing for witnesses to come forward.
Nine of the top 15 companies are in the tech sector, according to salary data compiled by the recruiting company Glassdoor.com. Google, which has 53,000 employees, is by far the largest employer on the list, paying $143,000.
Officer Michael Slager will be refused the right to hold the baby which his wife Jamie is set to give birth to in a few weeks. He is only granted video access to his eight and a half month's pregnant wife and an officer stands outside the booth whenever he talks to his family. They are not allowed to spend any time together and contact is via video screens with headphones at the jail.
Truckers from Bulgaria, Poland and Romania already work in the UK are being offered £100 for each driver they manage to lure. Employment agency Mainline is offering incentive to any worker who refers a qualified Class A HGV driver to undertake work for four weeks in Britain .
Cecily Hamilton, 16, and her friend Taylor Swing, 18, died on March 15 when their car plunged off the bridge in White County, Georgia. Shannon Hamilton, who had grown fustrated waiting for the local authorites to act, was arrested by deputies on Gene Nix Road on Sunday .
Wei Guiyi, 76, has guided blind husband Huang Funeng, 80, around with a bamboo pole for 30 years. He lost his sight to a degenerative eye condition in 1985 and she has a hunchback condition caused by osteoporosis. Despite her own condition, the pensioner never complains about their plights .
Eritrean refugees say they were forced to deny their faith or face death at hands of Islamist gunmen. Haben, 19, told MailOnline: 'We are Christians but we had to deny our faith otherwise the gunmen would kill us' He and his brother Samuel, 14, arrived in Sicily a week ago, just days before their boat capsized. Tens of thousands of migrants are fleeing Libya as extremists take advantage of political chaos .
The aluminium battery was created at Stanford University, California. It is said to be the first high-performance aluminium battery that is 'fast-charging, long-lasting and inexpensive' It is more environmentally friendly than alkaline batteries and can't catch fire like lithium-ion technology.
Stephanie Scott's burned body was found in Cocoparra National Park, north of Griffith, NSW, on Friday. A post-mortem has been completed at Glebe Morgue in Sydney and a report is in the hands of the coroner. The Department of Forensic Medicine has made contact with Ms Scott's family to provide specialist grief counselling. The 26-year-old's father Robert says he has been contemplating the afterlife since his daughter's shocking death, but is confident that his beautiful, sweet daughter is in 'the best possible place in the afterlife' . Ms Scott went missing on Easter Sunday while preparing to marry Aaron Leeson.
Vera Baird donated £500,000 to Victims First Northumbria, a charity of which she is a director . Sitting alongside her on the organisation's top table is Chief Constable Sue Sim . Critics accuse the pair of concocting 'a soap opera' within the force as they face a Ministry of Justice probe .
The 56-page notebook was written in 1942 at the Government Code and Cypher School at Bletchley Park. It was sold for $1,025,000 (£698,000) in a Fine Books & Manuscripts Sale at Bonhams in New York. Part of the proceeds will be donated to charity.
Shelley Dufresne, 32, admitted in court Thursday that she had sex with a 16-year-old student in exchange for a plea deal that gets her out of prison time. She and fellow teacher Rachel Respess, 24, were arrested in September after the student started bragging to friends that he had slept with both of them. An investigation later revealed that the unidentified teen had also slept with his current English teacher at Destrehan High School and his English teacher from the prior year. The married mother-of-three will not have to serve any jail time or register as a sex offender .
The property is located within 73 acres of Daintree Rainforest and fringes over 600 metres of Far North Queensland beachfront. It was designed by architect Charles Wright and won The Australian Institute of Architects House of the Year for Queensland in 2014. The property boasts six bedrooms, six bathrooms, five balconies, a 2400 bottle cellar and a helipad 100 metres from the house. Alkira harvests rainwater from the entire roofline and deposits it into a reservoir.
45 per cent of under-30s surveyed said they had a painful back or neck - up from 28 per cent last year. Almost one in four said they are in pain on a daily basis, up from 77 per cent.
Britain is the most expensive place in the world to buy the Apple Watch, according to MailOnline. The cheapest model is the 38mm Sport version, which costs £299 in the UK. The most expensive 38mm Edition model costs £13,500 in Britain and $17,000 in the US. The gadget is available to pre-order in nine countries, with the cheapest costing £299.
Footage shows how one of the men emerged from his black BMW with no shirt on. He then tried to punch the driver of a white BMW through his car window in east London. Distressed onlookers tried to intervene in the violent clash which culminated in the 25-year-old hitting the other man in broad daylight.
Maya Angelou, the acclaimed author of such classics as I Know Why the Cage Bird Sings and On the Pulse of Morning, was honored by the US Postal Service in a star-studded ceremony on Tuesday. First Lady Michelle Obama and Oprah Winfrey were just two of the big names in attendance for the unveiling which gave the public a first look at the stamp, which features a picture of Angelou's face and one of her many memorable quotes. The problem however, is that the featured quote came from another author. Joan Walsh Anglund wrote in her 1967 book A Cup of Sun .
Royal Caribbean's Legend of the Seas reported 135 passengers fell ill before it docked in San Diego on Tuesday. The Celebrity Infinity, which docked Monday, reported 106 people who had fallen ill with norovirus. Both ships are owned by Royal Caribbean and sailed from Florida .
The 19-year-old has been announced as the official face of the Batiste's 2015 'Ready For It' campaign. This will mark the star's first brand collaboration. The international campaign launched with a TV campaign.
Ella Parry, known as Ella, 'burned up from the inside' after swallowing the substance Dinitrophenol, or DNP. Her metabolism began to soar and she started to overheat and she died three hours later. Her mother Fiona has issued a stark warning about buying diet pills online.
The 56-page book contains Turing's thoughts on the clearly tricky 'Leibniz notation dx/dy' 'I find [it] extremely difficult to understand in spite of it having been the one I understood the best once!' he wrote. It was written at the Bletchley Park code-breaking headquarters in 1942 and paved the way for computer science.
Father-of-four Marc Carn, 29, vanished during a stag do in Barcelona on Saturday night. He was dropped 'miles away' from his hotel and told to find his own way home by his taxi driver. Family feared he would miss the first birthday of his twins Freddie and Stanley tomorrow. He handed himself into the British Consulate after walking for 20 hours to find safety .
Peter Endean re-tweeted image with caption that said: 'Labour's new floating voters. Coming to a country near you soon' Around 1,300 people are believed to have drowned in the past two weeks trying to reach Europe. Ukip deputy chair Suzanne Evans described situation as a 'devastating tragedy'
Former Chancellor Ken Clarke says Tories have become 'too right-wing' to win election outright. Warns against offering 'blank cheques' to NHS and foreign aid budgets in interview with New Statesman magazine. Also criticises Tory leadership for personal attacks on Miliband.
David Cameron has been criticised for a dull campaign featuring a lack of ordinary voters. He embarked on a tour of the streets of Alnwick to drum up support for his re-election. But he was reprimanded by one local woman for the 'name-calling' in the campaign .
Rachel Lehnardt, 35, had been a life-long follower of the Mormon church and had never touched a drop of alcohol before her divorce from her husband James, who was suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder when he returned from Iraq. After their divorce last year, she began drinking and ultimately broke away from the church, her lawyer said. Her alcohol abuse culminated in the startling incident in which she allegedly allowed her daughter and her friends to drink alcohol and smoke marijuana in front of her at their Evans, Georgia home. She woke the next day to find her daughter's 16-year-old boyfriend raping her and immediately threw him off, according to her lawyer, Shawn Hammond.
The coin has an image of poppies - symbolic of remembrance - among crosses similar to those that mark the graves of fallen soldiers. It also features a small circle that is the colour of red poppy flowers. There will be about one and a half million coins released into circulation over the coming weeks  .
Zakiur Rehman Lakhvi was allowed to leave Adiala Prison in Rawalpindi late on Thursday. His release was slammed with Indians calling it an 'insult' to the victims of the three-day onslaught. India has long seethed at Pakistan's failure.
Facebook’s Sidebar status feature will let users post a short message about what they are doing in a sidebar added to the social network's mobile app, complete with an illustrative picture. The feature is currently only available to selected people for testing in Taiwan and Australia. Users can choose from an array of small pictures, such as a bicycle or coffee cup, to go with their status and add a location tag.
Cell phone footage, recorded by the unnamed customer, starts with the woman repeatedly asking to speak to the manager to complain about the quality of a milkshake that she had just been served. The exchange quickly descended into a heated argument and the member of staff starts to curse at the customer.
EasyJet and BA are among a host of major airlines expected to cancel hundreds of flights. Experts fear up to half of all flights between the UK and France could be axed. Families returning from Easter holidays and those hoping for a last-minute break will be worst affected .
Walter Scott was $7,500 behind on child support when he was pulled over on Saturday. Had already been jailed three times for missing payments, but no warrant was out for his arrest. His family believe he fled over fears he would be arrested for being behind on payments. Officer Michael Slager has been charged with murder.
Horry County Police said the mother, who will be identified once she is formally charged, turned herself in on Thursday night after seeing herself on television. The baby girl was discovered struggling to breathe while trapped inside of a tied plastic bag by Austin Detray on Thursday afternoon when he heard her crying. The 8lb 6oz newborn was taken to hospital where she is listed in stable condition. The woman is currently in hospital and will be charged when she is released. She is in the custody of social services .
A-listers like Beyonce, Paris Hilton, and Selena Gomez all sport weaves and extensions, but their beauty regimen is not always adaptable to the average person. Seven per cent have allergic reactions.
Drew Hollinshead, 21, was driving through Bournemouth when he saw the woman fall to the pavement. He pulled into the first space available and helped the pensioner to her feet before returning to his car. But a traffic warden slapped him with a £70 ticket because he had pulled into a bay for disabled drivers, he said  .
Eight guards at Nauru detention centre suspended after posting anti-Islamic messages on social media. Seven of the guards are former Australian Defence personnel. They were pictured with Pauline Hanson at the Reclaim Australia rally in Brisbane earlier this month. Transfield Services said the men were found to be contravening company policy .
Not on hand was Harrison Ford, who is the franchise's Han Solo. Producer Kathleen Kennedy explained the 72-year-old was 'resting' after miraculously surviving a March plane crash in Los Angeles. 'The amazing thing about Harrison – and I don't think anybody out there will be surprised – is he is the only person who could make an emergency landing on a golf course in front of two doctors,' producer Kennedy said. Both Hamill and Fisher thanked the fans for their support.
Maria Kukucova, 25, was arrested in April last year after ex-boyfriend Andy Bush was found murdered. He was found shot to death in his rented holiday villa on the Costa del Sol in southern Spain. The blonde model had gone on the run but was tracked down to her family's home 2,000 miles away. Her parents are now selling their home in Nova Bosaca, western Slovakia, to pay for her legal bills. They say they feel hated in their own village after news of the murder spread . Gold dealer Mr Bush, 48, from Bristol, was found dead in a pool of blood  .
A new metro line extension opened this week in the Czech capital. But the point where passengers transfer from trains to buses doesn’t have a moving staircase. Porters are left to carry heavy bags up and down 32 stairs at Nadrazi Veleslavin station.
Arnold Schwarzenegger has spoken out against Indiana's controversial Religious Freedom Restoration Act, calling it a 'distracting' and 'divisive' law. The former California governor says the new laws will only hurt the Republican Party and further alienate voters . The legislation has sparked a nationwide outcry, with many claiming it legalizes discrimination against lesbians and gays  .
A 13-year-old Maryland boy called 911 after a fire broke out on the first floor of his home on Sunday. Marcus and his sister Aaliyah were trapped in a second-floor bedroom after the fire. The boy was able to stay calm throughout the 11-minute call.
Klaus-Dieter Scheurle, head of the Deutsche Flugsicherung authority, urged industry to develop system. Could help prevent a repeat of the Germanwings crash last month which killed all 150 people.
May Wong’s four-year-old cockapoo, Miss Darcy, has travelled 25,000 miles with her owner since 2011. The pair have visited 11 countries and 23 destinations including New York, Berlin, Stockholm, Milan and Paris. They have travelled on planes, trains, cars and ferries.
Linden Adkins was caught on camera getting out of his minivan and screaming at a motorist at Kent State University. The 56-year-old, who works in the College of Applied Engineering, can be heard shouting: 'What kind of moron are you?' Adkins suffered road rash and was treated at the scene  .
Auschwitz survivors and relatives of those murdered there filed into court today for the trial of 93-year-old Oskar Groening. Groening, known as 'The Bookkeeper' for his role in the camp in Nazi-occupied Poland, was tasked with meeting the trains bringing victims there and robbing those aboard of their possessions .
Tinie Tempah was due to perform at 'intimate gig' in Canterbury last night but didn't arrive until after 2am. Ticket-holders had been warned they would not be let in if they arrived after 11pm. One member of the audience said: 'He didn't deliver on his promises, half-heartedly performed two songs'
Hoda Muthana, 20, spoke out about her decision to ditch her life as a college student in Hoover, Alabama, to join ISIS in Syria. She told how she conspired for months with other jihadists to hatch a plan to flee her parents, who kept a strict watch over her and her sister. She said she persuaded her family to let her go to Atlanta, Georgia, for a field trip, but caught the wrong bus home. Her father said: 'I believe she been brainwashed. They brainwashed her' .
Quavious Marshall, 24, Kirschnick Ball, 20, and Kiari Cephus, 23, were escorted off the Georgia Southern University campus mid-performance on Saturday night and taken into custody. Authorities said that they suspected the music stars were in possession of drugs when 'a very potent smell' of marijuana was detected coming from their two tour buses. Multiple guns, marijuana and another undisclosed drug were discovered inside the vehicles. All of the band members have been denied bond .
National Union of Teachers has called for a ‘positive portrayal of same sex relationships’ in lessons to be made ‘compulsory’ under the next government. Critics accused the NUT of ‘thought control’ and said proposals risked oversexualising.
Michael Slager, 33, can be heard laughing nervously while talking with a senior officer. The conversation was picked up by the dashcam in the officer's patrol car following the incident in North Charleston on April 5. 'By the time you get home, it would probably be a good idea to kind of jot down your thoughts on what happened,' the senior officer said. The senior officer told Slager during the conversation to go home and relax, assuring him that he would not have to answer questions about the shooting for days. The father of four's death has sparked a nationwide debate about police brutality and bias against black people   .
Some children drink ‘excessive’ amounts of Red Bull, Monster and Relentless, teaching union claims. NASUWT working with Swanswell to provide pupils, parents and schools with advice on energy drinks.
Faysal Mohamed and two friends were pulled over in south Minneapolis on March 18 by a police officer. The officer threatened to break the legs of Faysal and his friends if they didn't get out of the car. The officers claimed they were being investigated for grand theft auto, but were let go. Minneapolis police confirmed an investigation is underway  .
The 25-ft long wreckage was discovered floating west of Ona Beach in Lincoln County at about 9.30am on Thursday. Biologists with the Oregon Coast Aquarium and Oregon State University's Hatfield Marine Science Center inspected the boat remains and found 'several live specimens of a variety of yellowtail jack fish' .
Spending in restaurants has increased by 17 per cent in the last 12 months, study finds. Entertainment is up 12 per cent as people visit the theatre, cinema, museums and amusement parks. Electronics spend has risen 7 per cent and furniture has jumped by 5 per cent, according to Barclaycard.
Leroy Hall Jr, 48, Donald Wayne Strouth, 56, Nicholas Todd Sutton, 53, and Abu-Ali Abdur'Rahman, 64, are the last of the last four men on Tennessee's death row to have execution dates vacated. The Tennessee Supreme Court is waiting for verdicts about the constitutionality of the lethal injection drug pentobarbital. States across the country have been struggling to find a method of execution that will stand up to legal challenges. There are 69 people on the Tennessee death row.
The unnamed woman was discovered around 8.20am Sunday hanging from the third-floor fire escape of her apartment building on Utica Ave. near Prospect Place in Crown Heights. One man, who declined to give his name, said he awoke to find the woman's body hanging outside his apartment  .
Tory party chairman accused of deleting embarrassing references to his past from his own page. Also accused of putting unflattering updates on pages of Justine Greening and Lynton Crosby. Mr Shapps has denied the claims calling them an 'extreme dirty tricks campaign' . David Cameron defends Mr Shapp saying he is doing 'a great job' while on the campaign trail. Wikipedia has suspended an anonymous user of the site .
Jessica Silva speaks publicly for the first time about the day she stabbed and killed her partner, James Polkinghorne, on Mother's Day 2012. She visits the home of his father to explain to him why she had to kill his son. Michael Usher, the veteran journalist who conducted the interview, has revealed her walked away from the experience 'totally drained and realising that there are a lot of broken people' He also admitted that despite all the revelations about his son's abusive ways, he could still not understand why his son was dead. Jessica walked free from court last month despite being convicted of manslaughter.
Study looked at the voting habits of 2,355 twins born in the UK in March 2015. The aim was to explore how much nature and nurture influence our party political allegiances. They found identical twins were more likely to vote the same way than non-identical twins. This suggests an underlying genetic influence was stronger than environmental or random factors. For UKIP voting preferences, there was also a moderately strong heritability of 51 per cent. This was closely followed by Labour and the Green Party both with 48 per cent  .
Skelet dating to between the 5th and 6th century seems to hold remains of two lovers. Skeletons were found on top of one another in the tomb from Korea’s Silla Dynasty. Experts say the set-up could even have been designed to show two people having sex. It's thought the tomb was intended for a noblewoman and the man may have been killed to be buried with her .
The Revered Al Sharpton delivered a sermon and addressed the Walter Scott situation on Sunday morning. Elected officials and police from North Charleston were in attendance and South Carolina Senator Marlon Kimpson was also there to hear Sharpton speak. The civil rights leader is also expected to attend a vigil on Sunday afternoon .
Poll of 2,000 Britons found 68% had hurt themselves doing odd jobs or decorating. Two in five had injured their back, one in five cut themselves and one in ten had suffered side effects from inhaling chemical fumes.
Actress Shailene Woodley uses roasted beetroot as an alternative to lipstick. Blake Lively uses mayonnaise on the bottom half of her hair before showering to avoid it drying out. Scarlett Johansson uses apple cider vinegar as a cleanser .
Joseph O'Riordan, 76, left his wife Mandy, 47, with life-threatening injuries to chest, torso and back. He stabbed her nine times with a nine-inch kitchen knife after discovering her affair with postman Nick Gunn. Today it can be revealed that Mr Gunn, 41, had previous affairs with women on his rounds. Former girlfriend revealed their relationship ended because he had been sleeping with a woman. He also confessed he had cheated on a previous partner with another woman.
Nafir Afzal said teenagers are at risk of 'jihadimania' and warned 'another 7/7' could happen unless Britain makes changes. He said children are 'manipulated' by Islamists and Britain needs a new approach to dealing with radicalisation. Former head of Crown Prosecution Service said Britain needs new approach.
The London Mayor will make a high-profile joint appearance with David Cameron next week. There have been growing calls from Conservative MPs for Mr Johnson to be ‘weaponised’ as the party seeks to break away from Labour. Lord Bell, the advertising guru who masterminded Margaret Thatcher’s three election victories, was scathing about the Tories’ campaign.
Holly Barber, 25, woke up feeling unwell and with chest and neck pains but chalked it down to a hangover. But when she started coughing up blood she knew it was something serious. She was rushed to hospital where doctors found 13 pulmonary embolisms, blood clots blocking the main artery of her lungs, killing the tissue and stopping her breathing.
London-based designer Crispin Sinclair claims to have made the world's safest bike. Called the Babel Bike it has a host of features including a roll cage. The bike also has foot protectors and an electric motor that assists it at speeds of up to 20mph. Crispin is seeking £50,000 ($74,000) of funding on site Indiegogo .
Spanish researchers say climate change impacted human migration. Until 1.4 million years ago it was too cold to inhabit southeast Spain. But then the climate warmed to 13°C (55°F) and became more humid. This enabled hominins - our distant ancestors - to move to new regions. The theory is based on analysis of the Barranco León site in the Guadix-Baza Basin in Spain. Simple Oldowan tools have previously been found at the site. But they were not able to migrate to this region until conditions improved, allowing them to scavenge carcasses.
Ashley Madison, an online dating agency, is betting on Europe's relaxed attitude to boost its investment when it lists shares on the stock market in London later this year. It's founder Noel Biderman, 43, who came up with the idea for the site in the 1990s when he worked as a sports attorney. He wants to raise money from investors to fund a launch of its services in Russia, Ukraine and the Baltic states .
President Barack Obama and Cuban President Raul Castro shake hands at Summit of the Americas in Panama. White House has set expectations for a 'substantive' exchange between the two leaders today. Speculation is high that Cuba could be removed from State Department's terror sponsors list. That removal would also lift some economic sanctions on Cuba.
Sandra Mathis, 52, was charged with murder after police say she stabbed her 48-year-old husband multiple times in the upper torso after an argument. The victim and his wife were homeless and living in a makeshift tent camp under a bridge in the Barrio Logan section of San Diego .
Chris Brynarsky, a custom paint job expert, was shot and killed in October 2006. His friend Mark Cosentino repaired the bumper and put it back on the car, but not before writing a message on the inside. The bumper resurfaced nine years later in Chris's father's body shop.
Body of Sarah Fox, 27, was found by police on Thursday night in Bootle, Merseyside. Her mother Bernadette Fox, 57, found dead at sheltered accommodation just half a mile away . Police say Mrs Fox died of asphyxiation, while her daughter was repeatedly stabbed. Police are hunting for Peter Fox, 26, the brother and son of the two who were allegedly murdered this week in the same area .
Yvonne Camargo, 39, of Victorville, California, was arrested on suspicion of willful cruelty to a child on April 3. The video was filmed April 1 after a man identifying as Edward Moneyhanz on Youtube saw the woman 'pulling this kid by his hair out of the store'
Jamal Kiyemba, 36, was detained in Kampala in connection with the death of Joan Kagezi. She was killed in front of her children days before a major trial against Islamist terror network Al-Shabaab. He was held at Guantanamo Bay for four years and awarded the huge payout after being released in 2006. He is one of 16 former Guantanamo prisoners awarded a £20million payout from the British taxpayer. His case was championed by Muslim human rights group CAGE   .
One woman was nude except for a minute chainmail band slung around her hips, two silver star stickers covering her nipples and a breezy shrug. Another was dressed in a strappy monokini, essentially leaving her practically naked apart from a pair of sturdy boots, a beaded headband, shades and a sheer white printed kimono  .
Once down-at-heel city has become one of Europe's hippest destinations. Centre Pompidou Malaga is the first of several popup versions of the Parisian gallery planned outside France. There are good restaurants, great shopping and exciting nightlife .
Hayley Grimes, 42, found the body of Baby Peter in a pond in Weasenham St Peter, Norfolk in 1988. She was accused by locals of being the child's mother and was accused of infanticide. Mother, who has not been named, told police she had put the body in the lake after a stillbirth. Police used DNA profiling techniques to trace back to the boy's family after exhuming his body 27 years later .
Marla McCants, 43, from Nashville, Tennessee, weighed 800lbs when she was kidnapped by an ex-boyfriend and held hostage. The mother-of-three's weight spiraled out of control after she tried to break up with her boyfriend, who 'lost it' and held her at gunpoint and shot two officers who tried to rescue her. After the ordeal, Marla refused to leave her house because she was living in constant fear that he would find her and kill her . She moved to Houston, Texas, so she could work with weight loss expert Dr Younan Nowzaradan.
Zulu King Goodwill Zwelithini denies whipping up the xenophobic hatred in the country. Hundreds of African immigrants have begun arriving in their home countries after fleeing the violence. They were pictured wearily disembarking in the safe haven of a migration centre in the Zimbabwean border town of Beitbridge .
Poll of 15,560 family doctors also found that one in six is considering going part-time. Another one in ten is thinking about moving abroad to countries including Canada and Australia. Senior GPs say they are facing ‘incredible’ pressures brought on by ageing population.
Olivier Rousteing, 29, recruited the couple for his Army Of Lovers campaign. Says they are 'among the most talked-about people' and embody idea of modern family. Kim and Kanye have a 22-month-old daughter North.
The dogs, who had been living in complete darkness, were found last Saturday in the barn in Manchester, Tennessee, surrounded by their own waste and close to death. Some had acid burns from the ammonia of their own urine, and there was a wheelbarrow filled with 10 dead dogs piled on top of each other and covered in maggots. The property owner, 64-year-old Caroline Irby, was charged with 10 counts of animal cruelty on Monday and booked into the Coffee County jail on $10,000 bond.
Baroness Hale of Richmond said that she wanted to see bitterness taken out of most matrimonial disputes. She said that a person does not need to be held at fault in order to obtain a divorce. Around 120,000 couples divorce each year.
Julius Caesar collapsed at the battle of Thapsus in 46BC and had to be carried to safety. Historians have long believed this was result of an epileptic attack, highlighting other symptoms. But new research suggests he may have suffered from a series of mini-strokes. Doctors at Imperial College London took a new look at his symptoms.
Gang planned to use flat-pack wooden cabinet as a 'Trojan Horse' to steal £1.5million in gold bullion and jewellery. One of the men would hide inside the desk and show jeweller real cash in a briefcase. While a price was agreed, the man would switch the case for one containing counterfeit notes. The gang, posing as wealthy Italians, would then walk off with their money and stolen jewellery .
Jarret Stoll, 32, is the longtime boyfriend of Dancing With The Stars host Erin Andrews, 36. The NHL player was arrested for possession of cocaine and MDMA, also known as Molly, at the Wet Republic pool at the MGM Grand Hotel shortly before 5pm on Friday. Stoll was booked into the Clark County Detention Center and was listed as having a hearing on Saturday after posting $5,000 bail. The charges include possession of Class 1 drugs.
Tania Rahman, 27, was asked by Salisbury City Council if she wanted to run a stand at St George's Day event. But when she asked to be counted in she was told her stall would not be allowed because it was not 'English-themed' Council has now apologised after their response sparked a backlash from locals - who pointed out chicken tikka.
Laura Jordan, 24, was told her now husband, Jack Jordan, 23, had just weeks to live on Saturday April 11. The couple, from Brixham, Devon, got engaged at Jack's hospital bedside just two months ago. They got married in Torbay Hospital Chapel just six days later.
Marco Rubio told CBS's Face the Nation he believes people are 'born with a sexual preference' Admitted he would attend same-sex wedding of someone he 'cared' for, even if he didn't agree with decision. Florida Senator announced he is running for president.
Kelly Parsons, 35, from London, has donated 50 of her eggs to help childless couples conceive. The mother-of-two has already enabled two couples to have twins and another woman to give birth to a baby boy in 11 months.
French coach driver was forced to perform a U-turn on a river slipway in Dartmouth, Devon. He had to do it while carrying a bus full of French tourists and under the watchful stare of passersby  .
The unidentified child caused the presidential residence to be closed off for a few moments on Sunday afternoon. 'Child was fine and was safely reunited with parents' following the incident. The incident is the second lockdown in Washington only a day after a man shot and killed himself on Saturday. The man died after shooting himself on the west front of the Capitol building just after 1 p.m.
The tunnels were dug into sandstone cliffs along the River Mersey in Stockport in the 1930s. They were originally intended to provide car parking spaces, but were redeveloped as an air raid shelter. Residents of Lancashire and Cheshire could hide from Nazi bombs in the tunnels. The shelter became so popular that officials had to issue season tickets .
Waheed Ahmed, 21, is the son of Rochdale Labour councillor Shakil Ahmed. He is understood to be returning to the UK on a flight to Manchester from Dalaman tonight. The 21-year-old was arrested with eight relatives - including four children - in Turkey earlier this month. The nine Britons, including three men and two women, were seized in Hatay province, southern Turkey.
William Ziegler, now 39, was jailed in 2001 for killing Russell Allen Baker in Mobile, Alabama. But in 2012 his conviction was overturned after judge blasted his initial trial, allowing him to cut a plea deal. Today he was freed after he agreed to plead guilty to aiding and abetting murder. He was sentenced to 15 years and 50 days in jail today .
Candice Bergen, 68, was the highest paid actor in television for a lot of years after playing the title role in the hit CBS sitcom, Murphy Brown that ran for ten years starting in 1988. 'The job security was incredible. And I never wanted it to end; doing Murphy Brown was insanely fun,' she writes. Her father left his only daughter out of his will - but not Charlie - with the proviso that the funds be invested and reinvested.
Marc Gasol of the Memphis Grizzlies was heading back to the locker room after the team beat the New Orleans Pelicans 110-74 on Wednesday night. That's when he stopped to quickly chat with a young fan on the sidelines, who animatedly talked and pointed to Gasol.
Niamh Geaney, a 26-year-old student from Dublin, found her 'twin stranger' in Karen Branigan, 29, in just two weeks. Miss Geaney and Miss Branigan - who are both single - say they've been chatting on Facebook 'constantly'
Terry Cooper, 79, was enjoying the sunshine in his garden with his dog Sam when animal burst through hedge. Retired charity worker said his dog dragged him back indoors and fears he could have been attacked. National Farmers' Union has issued advice on protecting property from badgers.
Police raided Lo Yen City restaurant in southern Tijuana following tip-off from disgusted customer. Officers found caged dogs in the kitchen, a decapitated puppy in the trash and the owner decapitating and butchering a dog. Owner Yu Yu Chou said: 'I admit to killing the dog, but the meat is for my own use'
Le Manoir aux Quat'Saisons is a 15th Century manor house in the Chilterns, Oxfordshire. The restaurant has held two Michelin stars for the best part of the 30 years since it opened. It boasts stunning grounds, luxury accommodation and luxury accommodation .
Group called Community Technology Alliance is giving away free Google handsets to the homeless. They come loaded with apps that help the homeless find shelters, soup kitchens, and warn of severe weather. The phones are also designed to help people apply for jobs and find housing, as companies often require people to visit.
WARNING GRAPHIC CONTENT . The six-month-old seal suffered horrific injuries to her face and back after the high-speed impact. The force of the collision broke Sponge Bobby's jaw causing her a painful death off the Dorset coast.
Until she was 18 Munroe Bergdorf was a boy called Ian. The beautiful DJ, 27, from east London, has worked with and modelled for a variety of fashion and beauty brands. Now she's speaking out about the decision to start taking female hormones to live as a woman.
Shona Banda, 37, is fighting for custody of her 11-year-old son after his comments about marijuana at a school presentation prompted police to search her home. The mother-of-one published a book about how she uses a liquid form of cannabis to treat her Crohn's disease. She says that her son was pulled out of school and questioned by police after his statements  .
Marion 'Suge' Knight was chained down to a chair and wheeled into a California courtroom on Wednesday. The Death Row Records co-founder fell at a previous hearing while addressing murder charges levied against him. Knight, a 49-year-old diabetic with a blood clot, told the judge walking was not a problem despite the earlier fall. His lawyer said authorities put Knight in the chair and chained him down as part of a 'ploy' .
Laura Everley, 36, had experienced bloating, lower back pain and constipation for three months. She also frequently needed to urinate and put symptoms down to irritable bowel syndrome and endometriosis. But when she stumbled across a post on Facebook describing all her symptoms, she realised it could be cancer. Tests revealed she had an aggressive ovarian tumour and the disease had begun to spread. She underwent a hysterectomy to remove her womb and ovaries and is now undergoing chemotherapy  .
Westerners believe ultra-violence is the only way to make their name in Syria and Iraq. Ranked well below battle-hardened foreign jihadis from warzones such as Chechnya and East Africa. British militants have previously been known to complain on social media about being ordered to clean toilets or wash the plates of senior terrorists .
The drugs were found in a suitcase that arrived at the airport in Nice on a flight from the Dominican Republic. 18 packages containing 46lbs (21kg) of cocaine were stuffed inside a suitcase abandoned on the baggage carousel .
Doaa and Umm, whose names have been changed to conceal their identities, weresmuggled from Syria to southern Turkey. They left the al-Khansa Brigade earlier this year and are now living in Turkey illegally. Revealed they used to be heavily involved in punishing others who did not obey rules. Women also received a 'standard' 40 lashes if they did not wear proper dress.
Yvonne Deegan, 77, described the investigation as 'absolutely diabolical' and said she was 'perfectly happy' with the care provided by Dr Rory Lyons. Her husband Bernie Deegan died suddenly earlier this year following a 12-year cancer battle. Police last week told Mrs Deegan that his death is one of four on the small island of Alderney being investigated as part of a probe.
Ed Miliband will allow Scotland to set a more generous benefits system than the rest of the UK if he becomes Prime Minister. He will hand Scottish MPs power to set higher state pension and more generous dole and disability payments. Radical proposals in his manifesto tomorrow .
Colleen Ann Harris, known to family as 'Grandma Cokie', was found guilty of first-degree murder. Robert Harris, 72, was found dead from a shotgun blast at the couple's home in 2013. Mrs Harris testified that she couldn't recall the events leading up to his death .
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said in a Monday news release there were 2117 total passengers on the ship and 964 total crew members. The agency said the main symptoms for those affected were diarrhea and throwing up. The ship was on its journey from March 29 to April 13, federal health officials said.   .
Gavin Thorman, 36, of Caernarfon, Gwynedd, operated his drug empire from HMP Altcourse in Liverpool. Father-of-four boasted in Welsh he would make 'millions' when he got out of jail, court heard. Drugs worth £200,000, luxury cars, guns and even a boat seized by police during five-year investigation. Thorman planned to spend ill-gotten money on new teeth, liposuction, ab implants and a facelift when out .
Libertarian icon Rand Paul has expanded his campaign store to include an array of unconventional SWAG ahead of his announcement this morning that he would compete for the Republican nomination for president next year. Rand fans will still find the usual array of yard signs and bumper stickers, but they'll also have the opportunity to sport their support through Macbook skins and woven blankets that feature Paul's face, 'Stand with Rand' flip-flops and car mats and a host of other unique items like the 'NSA Spy Cam Blocker' .
Officer Ryan Willmer posted a picture of his fellow officer Luke Watson on Twitter with the promise that a series of images of him with pink hair would follow if the first image was retweeted 500 times. The number of retweets has already passed 3,600  .
Kim, 34, shared her beauty essentials on Instagram. Uses £65 ($96) Creme de la Mer SPF 30 UV Protecting Fluid to protect her skin from the sun. Also uses £12 rose water mist from Glossier.
Blake Cronkhite, 5, and Jayden Secrest, 3, drowned when their kid-size ATV plunged into a pond in a rural area of Northern California. The father of one of the boys jumped into the water and pulled the children to shore, but could not revive them. The boys were airlifted to a hospital, where they were pronounced dead in the span of an hour  .
The 54-year-old actress, who stars as fictional US President Selina Meyer in the hit comedy show, was quick to note the scrutiny the former senator and secretary of state has faced as a result of her varying hairstyles over the years.
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have moved back to Kensington Palace to prepare for the birth of their second child. Prince William has finished his air ambulance pilot training early so he will be with his wife when she goes into labour. Prince Harry will return to the UK this weekend to present winners' medals at the London Marathon. He will also get to meet his new niece or nephew, if all goes to plan. The royal couple returned to their London base on Sunday night after spending the weekend at Kate's family home in Bucklebury, Berkshire.
University of Cape Town voted to remove statue of Cecil Rhodes after a month of protests. The bronze sculpture has been vandalised in recent weeks and is seen as a symbol of white oppression. It has not yet been decided where the statue will be moved to after protests .
The luxurious Ulusaba Game Reserve is in South Africa's Sabi Sands and is Sir Richard Branson's private reserve. Kutner came face to face with three rhinos, along with documenting the roar of a bush lion and a hippo.
Alan Rogers, 73, smashed the skull of 76-year-old Fred Hatch in the communal garden of their sheltered housing complex. His wife Enid found Rogers standing over the bloodied body of her husband before fleeing to press panic alarm. Rogers then calmly called the police and told them: 'I have just killed one of my neighbours' He later admitted manslaughter and is due to be sentenced later today at Cardiff Crown Court   .
The Optimal case was designed by Israel-based Amited. Sensors in the case monitor the phone's temperature and if it gets too hot, Optimal will cool it down. It uses micro-fans to blow heat away from the device, or can heat a phone using resistance coils. Optimal syncs with a smartphone over Bluetooth and constantly analyses temperature. Users can also manually track temperature changes using an app   .
Police were called to a reported break in at a house in Hagerstown, Maryland, around 10.30pm Thursday. They found a black man staggering around outside the house before using a Taser on him. The man, who has not yet been identified, was said to be under the influence of drugs. He was pronounced dead at a local hospital shortly after midnight. The Washington County Sheriff's Office is investigating the incident .
Charlene Mess, 48, was arrested on Monday after her husband of 30 years, 52-year-old Douglas Mess, was found killed at their farm in Attica, New York. Authorities believe she murdered her husband but have not commented on what led to his death or how she allegedly carried out murder.
Bridget Klecker, 42, of San Francisco, died on Friday after being struck by a car fleeing police in San Francisco. Police tried to stop the suspects' stolen car around 10pm on Friday just moments after they committed the latest in a series of robberies while armed with handguns. The car sped off with police in pursuit and struck a woman in a crosswalk, killing her.
Police in Ragusa, a Sicilian port town, arrested three Syrian men who were at the helm of the yacht. It is thought the smugglers had charged each person $8,500 (£5,700) to make the crossing. The yacht was stopped as it approached the Italian coast with 23 children aboard.
Victoria Wasteney, 38, says she was branded a 'religious nutcase' when she was suspended from her job. Her colleague Enya Nawaz accused her of trying to 'bully' her into converting to Christianity. She was given a written warning and suspended for nine months by the East London NHS Foundation Trust.
Richard Lapointe, 69, was convicted of raping, strangling and stabbing 88-year-old Bernice Martin at her Manchester apartment in 1989. He was sentenced to life in prison without parole in 1992. Last month a court ruled he was deprived of a fair trial for the 1987 killing and on Friday a judge ordered him to be freed on $25,000 cash bail. He later described his release as 'wonderful' and said he'd always dreamed of going home to Connecticut .
Gold and silver bars had been loaded in Murmansk onto a former Irish Sea ferry in 1942. Bullion was being transferred to the U.S. as payment for arms shipped to Russia during Arctic convoy. Case of precious metals was lost overboard in the river Clyde .
Philip Glenister and Ant Anstead return for second series of For The Love of Cars. Pair give old-bangers a new lease of life by restoring them to their former glory. Pair work on more than one vehicle per episode and complete stalled restoration projects.
The agreement with Tebow, 27, stemming from a framework that was put into place when he worked out with the team last month, has been finalized. He will join the team just in time for the start of the off-season program. Tebow's last regular-season NFL game appearance was in December 2012 with the New York Jets in 2012 .
Nicky Morgan says Nigel Farage is 'not my cup of tea' and would question whether she was 'happy to serve' with him. David Cameron has urged Ukip supporters to 'come home' to the Conservatives. But he has stopped short of ruling out relying on Ukip.
Bradford Brewing Company owner Matthew Halliday said throngs of people have turned up at the brewery's Brewfactory bar. Spat started after Respect Party parliamentary candidate for Bradford West seemed to take offence after the brewing firm asked him if he was.
Dr Teresa Belton believes simple acts such as straightening posture and singing in a community choir can increase general wellbeing. She says it's important to prioritise 'wellbeing' over 'happiness' over material things. Practices include regularly making lists of things for which you are grateful .
The latest celebrity beauty craze is having a tight jawline like Emma Stone or Margot Robie. The Nefertiti Lift, or lower face rejuvenation, has become a must have in Hollywood right now. Dr Barbara Kubicka sees a host of celebrities at her Knightsbridge clinic. She has clients coming in each and every day asking for Botox not on their foreheads but on jaw line.
Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum, one of the world's richest men, wants to build six-storey car park. Car park will be built next to Battersea heliport by the River Thames in London .
Ben Powers played the character of Thelma's husband Keith in the show's sixth and final season between 1978-1979. He passed away at his New Bedford, Massachusetts home on April 6 at the age.
Left-wing, Buenos Aires-based Tectonica is responsible for the websites of more than 200 Labour parliamentary candidates. It is best known for its aggressive campaign against the US in a row over Argentina's debt crisis. Tory MPs last night claimed Labour's Argentinian link was an 'embarrassment'
For a few hundred dollars, one can be purchased online from various sites and delivered to your door. Online advertisements have promised immediate results, but have not made the potential dangerous side effects clear. Brain stimulation equipment still remains relatively new and experimental and Dr Martin warns against using it.
The theory has surfaced in a letter to the respected Financial Times newspaper from aviation boss Matt Andersson. He claims passenger planes do not have the same level of protection as military jets. Claims someone could have hacked into its 'control and navigation systems through malware or electromagnetic interception' . WARNING: GRAPHIC.
Group of 40 tourists were tricked into thinking they were in Costa Rica. They were in fact exploring activities in the Amazon rainforest in Ecuador's Napo Province. Costa Rican government and Ambassador to Ecuador complained to authorities and Ecuador issued an apology .
Samantha Fleming, 23, went missing from her home in Anderson, Indiana, on April 5. Her body was found Friday at a house 180 miles away in Gary, wrapped up in plastic and doused in bleach. Police believe a woman posing as a social worker lured Fleming to her home and convinced her to come with her to Gary. The woman is now in police custody at a Texas hospital, where she is under mental health care. The baby has been found and is safe.
New tool downloads a history of every Google search you ever made while logged into a Google account. Exports your searches to Google Drive in a ZIP archive, divided by quarter.
Amanda Casey, also of North Carolina, was married to Michael Wilkie for four years and had a daughter with him before the couple divorced. He went on to marry his third wife, Shelby Wilkie, who was found guilty of murder in 2012. Casey said she 'had thoughts' that Wilkie would kill her, 'mainly because he told me he would kill me' But she didn't leave him for quite some time because he was 'so good at masking'  .
Homaro Cantu, 38, was found hanging inside Crooked Fork Brewery, the new restaurant he was planning to open with his business partner on the north side of Chicago. Authorities are investigating the married father-of-two's death as a suicide . A month before his death, Cantu was hit with a lawsuit from an former investor in Moto and failed restaurant iNG, who accused him of commingling Moto's funds to keep his other business ventures afloat . Cantu worked for Charlie Trotter's from 1999 until 2003 before starting his own restaurant.
Abdul Hadi Arwani was found slumped in the back seat of his black Volkswagen Passat on Tuesday morning. The 48-year-old Syrian national was an outspoken critic of the Assad regime. He was 'actively' campaigning against extremist, his family have revealed . Police have arrested a man on suspicion of conspiracy to murder.
Beautician Chernae Noonan founded eyebrow shaping business The Brow Bar in 2003. She has stopped BeneFit Cosmetics from using the term 'Brow Bar' exclusively. BeneFit is owned by Louis Vuitton Moet Hennessy (LVMH), which is run by world's 13th richest billionaire, Bernard Arnault .
Army psychiatrist Major Nidal Hasan opened fire on November 5, 2009, killing 13 men and women. He also injured 30 others at the military post in Killeen, Texas, before shooting himself. Authorities initially classed the mass murder as ‘workplace violence’ but it has since been acknowledged that the attack was an act of terrorism - inspired by foreign group.
Ivan was born with Ohtahara Syndrome, a rare brain disorder which left him in a wheelchair. He suffered from cerebral palsy and severe epileptic fits and died aged six in 2009. His wife Samantha said the stresses of looking after Ivan pushed their relationship close to 'breaking point' in separate interview.
Michael Kimmel, 40, was arrested after police say he was found under the influence while riding a horse on US 23. Kimmel, who has used the alias “Mike Bicycle,” is currently on probation for a prior conviction for burglary.
The move comes in response to an online petition posted on the White House website following the death of 17-year-old Leelah Alcorn. The petition currently has over 120,000 signatures. The transgender teen committed suicide in December and left behind writings mentioning religious therapy. White House senior adviser Valerie Jarrett said the administration supports banning so-called conversion therapy treatments for minors in a statement late Wednesday .
The film is titled 'Battle for Sevastopol' in Russia but 'Indestructible' across the border in Ukraine. It is a co-production between the two countries made just before relations nosedived between Russia and Ukraine. Lyudmila Pavlichenko is said to have killed 309 Nazis in less than a year during World War Two. She was sent to the frontline in 1941 at the age of 25 after being trained as a sharpshooter  .
Jackson Byrnes was diagnosed with a stage four brain tumour three weeks ago. His girlfriend Jahnae Jackson has put her psychology studies on hold in order to care for him. The 18-year-olds have raised over $80,000 from community generosity for his life-saving surgery to be performed on Wednesday .
'Child 44', starring Tom Hardy, Vincent Cassel and Gary Oldman, was due to premiere in Russia today. Russia's culture ministry said the film distorted history as it celebrated victory over Nazi Germany. Film tells the story of a serial killer who targets children in Stalin era Russia  .
Dr Adam Cobb was taken into custody on Friday in Portsmouth, New Hampshire, for receipt and distribution of child pornography. The 45-year-old was in the US working as a research professor and director at the prestigious US Naval War College. Cobb worked for the federal government, the RAAF and Governor-General Sir Peter Cosgrove.
Harley Renshaw was diagnosed with cancer in his kidney, neck, lungs and bones a year ago. He was given the all clear after battling an aggressive form of the disease for a year. The five-year-old donned a Ninja Turtle mask to help him feel brave during radiotherapy treatment. His story became famous after it was reported in the local paper in December last year.
The Pulitzer prize for journalism went to The Post and Courier newspaper of Charleston, South Carolina which has a tiny staff of just 80 and a daily circulation of 85,000. The paper's powerful photo series entitled 'Till Death Do Us Part,' on domestic violence scooped the top award for its exploration into why South Carolina is among the deadliest states for women. The New York Times won three Pulitzer prizes for international reporting and feature photography for its coverage of the West Africa Ebola outbreak as it gripped countries in West Africa.
US genealogy expert Megan Smolenyak has traced Mrs Clinton’s roots to a mining family from Ystradyfodwg, south Wales. Mrs Clinton's great-grandmother Mary Griffiths was born in Merthyr Tydfil in the Welsh Valleys. She married William Jones, a coal miner from Neath, in 1871 and the couple settled in YstradfodWg.
Gerald Whalen has visited the fast food outlet with his wife April and their two young children. But the family meal was interrupted by sounds of what appeared to be a pornographic film being broadcast. The scene was from risque Stars network show 'Outlander' and featured full nudity .
Police began combing woodland in Argyll this afternoon following reports of a small plane losing contact with ground control. Lifeboats, helicopters and the police were scrambled near Loch Etive, about 30 miles from Oban . Remains of two people have been found amid wreckage of the aircraft .
Evansville in Comanche County, Kansas, is a shadow of its former self, with once-thriving commissary building in state of disrepair. But the ghost town is still home to two final residents - rancher Larry 'Dee' Scherich and his wife, Phyllis. The couple, who live in a house just north of the historic building, tend to the site's cattle. It previously housed the headquarters of the largest cattle ranch in Kansas's history, dubbed the Comanche Pool, in the 1870s.
Residents of North Charleston, South Carolina, have said the shooting of unarmed black driver Walter Scott was preceded by previous unheeded complaints about the police. Michael Slager consistently earned positive reviews in his five years with the North Charleston Police Department. People in the community say this reflects what's going wrong with policing today: Officers nearly always get the last word when citizens complain. Slager is being held without bond on a murder charge .
Dr George Hamilton, the Chief Apostle of the W.O.R.D. Ministries in Summerville, South Carolina, gave impassioned speech. He said: 'It's one thing to have a loved one die... It's another to have to watch them die... and see how they died' Scott, 50, was shot dead by police officer Michael Slager on April 4 after a traffic stop in North Charleston. Hundreds of mourners attended the service for the father-of-four, who was a former coast guard  .
A-list couple want to install air-con in five rooms including the luxury gym and large wine cellar. Neighbour was furious with the proposals, claiming it 'will affect the historic character of the Victorian house of the streets' Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea Council has approved the plans subject to minor conditions, subject to approval.
Director of Public Prosecutions Alison Saunders forced into humiliating climbdown after jury threw out yet another Old Bailey case. She abandoned the trials of nine reporters accused of illegally paying public officials for information. Decision sparked ugly blame game as architects of £20million 'witch hunt' turned against each other.
Mackenzi Sue-Rose Miller, 21, was charged with DUI manslaughter and DUI while causing injury after allegedly hitting and killing Trinity Bachmann, 13, on February 28. Trinity and her mother, Janice Pedroza, 36, had been arguing over who would sit in the front seat of the car when Trinity said she'd walk home. Trinity was sitting in the middle of the road arguing with her mother when she was killed.
Martin and Jessica Castillo lost the ring while they were scuba diving in Playa del Carmen, Mexico, in February 2013. They had all but given up hope of finding it when scuba diver Daniel Roark discovered it in September 2014. Mr Roark, 22, set up a Facebook campaign to find and return the ring, which is engraved with 'Jessica 16-02-13 TYYJCEM' The couple have now renewed their vows .
Bobby appeared close to tears as he referenced his daughter's ongoing battle for her life. The former husband of Whitney Houston looked tired and grief stricken at times during his performance, his first public appearance since Bobbi Kristina.
Julio 'Wemo' Acevedo, 46, was found guilty of manslaughter and criminally negligent homicide. He killed Nachman and Raizel Glaubers, 21, and their unborn child in a hit-and-run accident in March 2013. The couple, who were 7 months pregnant, were T-boned by a BMW at 70mph in Williamsburg, Brooklyn. Doctors were able to deliver the 21-year-old's baby boy.
Ukip leader was booed by voters at Westminster's Methodist Central Hall in London. He faced claims he blamed all of Britain's problems on migrants and blamed housing crisis on migrants. But he came under fire for linking immigration to housing crisis as he attacked a 'total lack of comprehension' He protested they were 'a remarkable audience even by the Left-wing standards of the BBC' Pollster ICM today defended its process 'using random location selection techniques'
Ronald Anderson, 48, was arrested after he kidnapped a woman, shot and killed a Census Bureau guard and led police on a car chase before authorities cornered him in an exchange of gunfire that left the suspect and a police officer wounded. Anderson had previously been convicted of manslaughter and was recently charged in an assault case involving his 'visibly afraid' girlfriend. The shooting was not terrorism-related, FBI Baltimore spokeswoman Amy J. Thoreson told The Associated Press in an email.
Hot Dudes With Dogs was started by writer Kaylin Pound and has 148,000 followers. The account relies on submissions via direct messages. Dogs are pictured chilling with their owners, sometimes in bed, on the sofa or car.
Shamima Begum, Amira Abase and Kadiza Sultana fled the UK for Syria last February. They are now believed to be training with the al-Khansa Brigade, an all-women militia set up by ISIS a year ago. Covered in black from head-to-toe and wielding automatic weapons, they patrol the streets with guns and daggers. They have been accused of doling out savage beatings on the streets of Raqqa and spying on its citizens. WARNING: GRAPHIC CONTENT .
Holly, 34, and Davina, 47, star in campaign for Garnier Nutrisse. Can be seen larking around with their hair pulled over their mouths to resemble a moustache  .
The 12 jurors and 12 alternates were chosen on Tuesday in in in Arapahoe County District Court after a selection process that began on January 20. Holmes is charged with shooting dead 12 people and wounding 70 others in the July 2012 attack at a Century movie theater in Aurora, Colorado, during a midnight screening of The Dark Knight Rises. Jurors will decide whether he was legally insane at the time and whether he should be put to death .
Rosannah Gundry was diagnosed with stage three neuroblastoma cancer in December last year. The seven kilogram tumour is pressing against her spine and vital organs causing her stomach to swell. Her aunt Jessica Searle is seeking treatment for her niece in the United States. Rosannah's mother Jamielee gave birth to her second child the day before her last chemotherapy treatment  .
Former SNP leader said Labour leader would find it difficult to avoid doing a deal with SNP. He said all parties would have to face up to the 'electorate's judgment' after polling day on May 7. Comes after SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon warned Miliband he would not be forgiven if he allowed Cameron back into Downing Street.
Mohammed Ali Malek, 27, was arrested when he stepped onto Sicilian soil last night. He was charged with multiple manslaughter, causing a shipwreck and aiding illegal immigration. Before leaving Italian coastguard vessel, he watched bodies of 24 victims being taken off for burial. Prosecutors claim he contributed to disaster by ramming fishing boat into merchant ship. As a result of collision, migrants shifted position on boat, which was already off balance, causing it to overturn   .
Sienna Miller is a yoga fan - her mother started one of the first London yoga schools in the Seventies. The slim actress also works with a personal trainer, power-walking and jogging around her local park.
Details of George Osborne's leaked plans are unclear, but it is believed to mean minimum wage earners wouldn't be paying any income tax. Text message intended for senior aide to Osborne accidentally sent to a newspaper. Labour's Ed Miliband has pledged to raise minimum wage to £8.
Lib Dems are up three points to 12 per cent, equal with Ukip in ComRes poll for Daily Mail and ITV News. It is the first time since late 2013 that Ukip has failed to outpoll the Lib Dems. Tories on 34 per cent and Labour on 33 per cent with less than a month to go .
The photo was taken by Brad Allan in Cape York, far north Queensland. He was heading out fishing at the break of dawn when something caught his eye. The 50-year-old describes it as 'the sunrise digger who's been watching over us'
The Northern Territory’s Chief Minister Adam Giles and Minister for Children and Families John Elferink made the threat after a recent rise in youth crime in Alice Springs surrounding the Easter holidays. 42 people were taken into protective custody and 34 young people were driven home after a group of 50 young people threw ‘large rocks’ at police. On Wednesday night, the crime spree appeared to calm down  .
Frankie Ruttledge, 24, from Strensall, Yorkshire, weighed 18 stone 7lbs and was a size 28. Ditched crisps for breakfast, pork pies for lunch and frozen pizza for dinner. Dropped from size 22 to size 10/12 in less than two years.
David Axelrod masterminded two presidential election victories for Barack Obama. He was hired by the Labour leader amid great fanfare last year. Has helped refine Miliband’s message about tackling the cost of living. But he revealed he is not resident for tax purposes.
Dana Marie McKinnon, 24, has been charged with DUI manslaughter and vehicular homicide in the 2013 accident that killed Orlando businessman Vihn Vo, 42. McKinnon lost control of her 2008 Mitsubishi Eclipse while trying to navigate a curve in the road at 5.30am on May 18, 2013. The college student slammed into the vehicle of the 42-year-old businessman's minivan.
Yogita Rameshbhai Nandwana, five, Anisha, three, and Harsh, 18 months, are among the world's heaviest young children. They weigh 5st 5lbs (34kg), 7st 8lbs (48kg) and 2st 5lb (15kg) respectively, respectively .
Lack of iron, especially in women, is known to trigger hair loss, possibly because it means less oxygen is delivered to the hair follicle. Florisene pills (£15.95, lambertshealthcare.co.uk) don't seem to cause digestive irritation.
Rob MacFarlane shared the picture of the brave raccoon, 'Little Mac', on social media on Thursday morning. The little critter climbed almost 700 feet up a metal ladder before taking a high-altitude poop on the crane he was working on in Toronto .
Rebecca Exton-Russell, 37, was formally a size 18 and posed in campaigns for major brands. But she was secretly 'repulsed' by her body and checked into a military-style fitness camp. Lost just over two stone in two months - going down from 14 stone to just below 12 stone   .
Sally White, 28, rescued the terrified animal from a bleak hillside where he was abandoned without food and water. His ribs were poking through and vets feared he would not survive more than a few days before he died.
Cousins Karen and Colin Cosheril were patients of the Alderney family doctor when they died. Karen, 52, died in January of pneumonia and Colin, 63, died of heart failure in May last year. Dr Rory Lyons, 62, was suspended by the Medical Practitioners Tribunal Service. His private surgery was raided following four deaths 'of concern'
Bodies of Abdulkadir Zeyat, 45, his 43-year-old wife Antika and their six children were discovered at their home. Turkish authorities believe the family died of food poisoning or exposure to poisonous gas leak.
Leanna Norris, 25, plied two-year-old Loh Grenada with Benedryl to make her sleep before covering her mouth and nose with duct tape and a blanket. The body was found in the front seat of her car in Stetson, Maine, on June 24, 2013. The court heard that Norris had suffered from mental health problems including depression, and had tried to commit suicide after she killed her daughter.
Dino Maglio, 35, sentenced to six and a half years in prison for raping 16-year-old Australian girl. He was found guilty of drugging and raping her after luring her to his home via Couchsurfing.com. Maglio claimed sex with the girl, who was under-age at the time, was consensual but admitted spiking her drink.
Larry McElroy, 54, accidentally shot his 74-year-old mother-in-law Carol Johnson on Sunday night after he tried to kill an armadillo in his Leesburg, Georgia backyard. The bullet ricocheted off the animal's shell and struck Johnson in the back. She was taken to the hospital with non-life-threatening injuries.
Asda recalled Little Angels 2 Newborn Soothers 0+ dummies after one came apart in a baby's mouth . Customers have been asked to either dispose of the products or return them to an Asda store for a full refund  .
'I've got a driver — a 16-year-old  driving around,' the first lady said during an appearance on Live! With Kelly and Michael broadcast from the White House on Monday. The first lady jokingly dismissed a Time magazine article which named Malia and sister Sasha among the 25 Most Influential Teens of 2014 as 'not influential, they just live'
The #ThisDoesn'tMeanYes movement aims to stamp out the myth that women are 'asking for it' The initiative was created by Rape Crisis London and produced by photographer Perou. They have produced over 2,000 photographs of 200 women in various outfits as part of the campaign. The images show that no matter what a woman wears she never deserves to be raped and the fault is always with the attacker   .
Collagen is a type of protein found in skin that provides structure, firmness and texture. As it gets older, the body’s reserves of collagen deplete, causing skin to lose firmness. Collagen supplements have become popular in recent years.
Jaclyn Methuen, 30, and Ryan Ranellone, 29, have known each other for seven days and have been married for just over a week. The newlyweds are growing closer to each other as they return home from their honeymoon in Puerto Rico. Meanwhile, the other couples are still struggling to make their marriage work after a rough week .
Prime Minister will vow to encourage more job creation by extending national insurance breaks. He will hail the 'jobs miracle' that has seen 1,000 new jobs created every day. But he will claim Ed Miliband's economic policies could see 'a million more people joining the dole queues' .
Natalie Bennett said the so-called 'citizens income' would take longer than five years to bring in. She said another Green pledge to dismantle the Armed Forces was also a 'long-term aspiration' to dismantle nuclear weapons.
Former Northern Territory politician Matthew Gardiner has reportedly been detained at Darwin airport. The 43-year-old arrived at the airport on Sunday morning after flying from the Middle East. He is believed to have been fighting the Islamic State in Syria. In January the senior NT Labor party figure fled the country with plans to join Kurdish militants. He was allowed to leave the country because he was not on any watch list .
Lizzy Hawker entered the 2005 Ultra-Trail du Mont-Blanc (UTMB) on a whim. She's since gone on to become Britain’s most distinctive female ‘ultra runner’. The 29-year-old's book is strong on Buddhist philosophy and the peace that comes with living fully in the now .
The Ethical Maldives Alliance is encouraging tourists to boycott hotels linked to human rights abuses. Hotels are coded as 'low risk,' 'high risk' or 'under consideration' depending on their ties to corruption. Several top name resorts are included.
Gold Coast City Council will finally be able to shut down illegal party houses in suburban areas after the state government approved new planning powers. There are more than 700 party houses across the city, which are often used for unruly weekend-long parties that distress and terrify neighbours. Police have often been called in after neighbours complained about noise and lewd behaviour at some of the houses.
Every last piece of hunting memorabilia has been removed from public display at Sandringham. Even the blood-red walls have been painted white, as if to make clear the break with the past. The drastic change was apparent when the estate reopened on Saturday.
Mohamed Soltan, 27, was sentenced to life in prison after being found guilty of plotting unrest. He and 36 others were given life sentences as Mohamed Badie, the Muslim Brotherhood's spiritual leader, was ordered to be executed. Soltan moved to Egypt in 2012 to be near his mother who was receiving cancer treatment. The dual citizen has been on a hunger strike protesting his arrest for more than 14 months. His father was a member of the outlawed Muslim Brotherhood  .
Five Afghan men found hiding in refrigerated lorry on A40 near Churcham, Gloucestershire. Police sniffer dogs used to find them after officers opened the truck's back doors on the A40.
Police believe missing toddler William Tyrrell may be alive, despite fears he was abducted by a paedophile ring. The three-year-old was last seen in the front yard of his grandmother's house in Kendall, on the NSW mid-north coast, when he disappeared in September last year. His distraught parents released a heart-wrenching video pleading for their son's return earlier on Friday. Police have described the 'fast-paced' investigation into his disappearance as 'progressing rapidly' The focus of the investigation has shifted dramatically, and is now 'progressed rapidly' Police have also released new photos and videos of the toddler playing guitar and smiling and smiling .
Michelle Mone bought the three-bedroom townhouse in Park Circus, Glasgow, for £780,700 in 2011. She spent months renovating the period two-storey property after splitting from her then husband Michael. The luxury townhouse comes complete with ornate high ceilings and large windows in the living room. She plans to move back into her family home, a five-bedroom mansion in Thorntonhall, Lanarkshire, after the sale .
Fishermen release a cormorant bird, which then dives into the water and retrieves a carp, returning it to the fisherman's reed raft. Stunning images were captured on the River Li in Guilin, China, by photographer.
MailOnline Travel has compiled the most beautiful spring destinations for those looking to get in a unique getaway before the summer travel rush begins. Keukenhof Gardens in Lisse, the Netherlands, is one of the world's most beautiful gardens. The Kenrouken in Kanazawa, Japan is known for its cherry blossom blooms .
Around 650 foreign entrants, three times more than last year, joined in today's event. The event - which only opened its doors to non-local amateurs in 2014 - was founded in 1981 in the single-party country. Last year Will Marks, the British man who won the amateur half marathon category, revealed how runners were banned from displaying country flags and western logos.
Unique event happened in an ancient cluster of stars at the edge of the Milky Way galaxy. White dwarf star is the dense core of a star like the Sun that has run out.
Sue Sharp was shocked to find a stamp on the £11 joint saying it had come from New Zealand. Asda said the mislabelled lamb was a one-off and that the gaffe was the result of human error. But Mrs Sharp has questioned the claim and is now warning other shoppers to be vigilant.
More than 250 fascinating and eclectic objects will go under the hammer in the one-off, travel-themed auction at Christie’s South Kensington. One of the highlights of the collection – consignors – is 11 professionally restored photos of Captain Scott's fateful British Antarctic Expedition to the Pole.
More than 30,000 cases of the popular hummus dip are being recalled after Sabra, the manufacturer, said they could be contaminated with listeria. The company said the total number of containers in the recall comes to 'approximately30,000'
Heather Mack, 19, is accused of murdering her mother, Sheila von Wiese-Mack, 62, in Bali last year. Baby Stella was born in hospital last month after Mack was transferred from her prison cell to hospital. Mack and boyfriend Tommy Schaefer face 15 years in jail for premeditated murder of Mrs Mack. Prosecution team argued that Mack and Schaefer should go to prison for 15 and 18 years, respectively   .
Some hospitals are charging up to a 'shameful' £2,700 for one eye - treble what it costs the health service. Many NHS trusts have imposed arbitrary rules to determine who is eligible for cataract treatment. Campaigners accused hospitals of profiting from elderly patients.
Steven and Sarah Nick allegedly stole more than $50,000 from their mother's bank account. Police raided their home in Davison Township, Michigan, in August last year. They found 30 weapons, including a 50-caliber machine gun, sniper rifle and 17,000 rounds of ammunition, in the basement bunker .
Nicola Sturgeon refused to rule out holding a second independence vote in the next few years. She said she would not call for another plebiscite in the SNP manifesto for the Westminster election in May. Sturgeon said she wanted to wanted to do a deal with Ed Miliband so she can influence Labour policies. But Labour leader Jim Murphy said: 'We don't need your help'
Ashleigh Sokie was asked to wash Niall Horan's clothes after his washing machine broke . The 20-year-old then posted a picture of herself wearing the singer's polo shirt on Twitter . She also posted a photo of herself in his boxer shorts and said she had taken his underwear as a trophy .
Four out of ten people say Prince Charles should give up his right to be king so the crown passes straight to William. Only 43 per cent believe he should ascend to the throne compared with an almost identical number saying he should stand aside in favour of his elder son. William and Prince Harry are the most popular members of the Royal Family .
Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia came to a close on Thursday night in Sydney. Highlights included voluminous silhouettes, sequins and metallic golds. Flimsy, sheer fabrics were a fixture on the catwalk, with the front row getting an eyeful at see-through mesh and lace.
The demand is putting endangered gibbons, leopards and elephants in south east Asia at risk. Up to 21 million acres of jungle will be torn down to make way for rubber plantations in the next decade alone  .
William Kerr, 53, is believed to have travelled to London after disappearing from Hull premises. He was released on licence in January after spending 17 years in jail for murder of Maureen Comfort. Crimestoppers offering £5,000 reward for information.
Britain last year produced more than 1.5 million cars - the most since 2007. We are poised to overtake France and become the second biggest car manufacturing power in Europe. One of the key authors of the Labour Party manifesto is my former adversary Ken Livingstone, who has long been on Bennite.
According to a recent study, a third of Australian women are not finding time for their hobbies and passions. More women foregone personal interests for work commitments or to finance 'more important' things than men. Clinical psychologist and Happiness Institute Wellness Expert Dr Paula Watkins says its important to create space for the things we love to be happy. Dr Watkins says changing work spaces and technology do contribute to stress and brain overload, by over-stressing our brains .
Co-pilot Andreas Lubitz deliberately crashed Germanwings Flight 9525, killing 150 people. Debate has ensued over whether privacy laws should be less strict for professions that carry special responsibilities. German Medical Association president Frank Ulrich Montgomery disagrees .
Study was conducted by scientists at Purdue University in Indiana and the National Wildlife Research Centre in Ohio. They were investigating how to reduce bird to aircraft collisions by keeping birds away from planes. Research showed that birds responded most to blue lights on planes. When the plane was stationary, the birds became alert more quickly when the lights were on. But when it approached them with its lights off, their response slowed. And the birds were also more likely to get out of the way of the aircraft when lights were pulsing, rather than continuous.
Ronnie Carroll died just days after getting on General Election ballot paper for Hampstead and Kilburn. Due to stand as an independent, Mr Carroll was 80 and had contested elections before. He died following a battle with cancer, during which a friend handed in his nomination papers as he was ill.
Joe Anderson, 56, claimed £4,500 per year from Chesterfield High School, Merseyside, despite doing nothing for pupils. He said he provided the school with 'kudos' for being linked to him. He tried to sue school for discrimination after it stopped.
Waheed Ahmed, 21, was held at Birmingham Airport in the early hours of this morning by anti-terrorism police. He was deported by the Turkish authorities and flown back to Britain on a plane last night. Ahmed and eight of his relatives - including four children - were stopped on the Turkish border with Syria on April 1. They were arrested by Turkish police earlier this month.
Fireman Stephen Hunt, 38, lost his life tackling the inferno which began at Paul's Hair World in Manchester. The 16-year-old girl who started the fire was today told she will not face trial for arson. Judge said she was 'guilty only of being careless' as she had only been 'careless'
Kevin Russ traveled from California to Colorado, making his way through Arizona, Texas and New Mexico. Armed with just his phone and a sleeping bag, Russ hopped trains, dumpster dived for leftovers and slept in ditches as he photographed the lifestyle of a nomad down South. Russ began using the iPhone when prints from his digital camera kept getting rejected.
Lee Allan Bonneau, 6, died from blunt force trauma to the head in August 2013 following a savage attack on a reservation in Saskatchewan, Canada . A 10-year-old boy, identified in court documents as L.T., admitted to killing Lee Bonneau after initially blaming a stranger for the slaying . Lee was found dead from severe head injuries four hours after he went missing in a remote field two hours after his disappearance . The child's biological mother, Stacey Merk, had been removed from her home just two and a half months earlier  .
Dietrich Evans, 22, arrested on suspicion of shooting Kay Hafford, 28, in the back of the head in Houston, Texas. Evans, a documented gang member, is being held on $250,000 bond. Ms Haffords said she wasn't angry with her attacker but felt sorry for him .
PETA released a confronting campaign accusing the wool industry of barbaric treatment of their sheep. The Victorian Farming Federation launched an official complaint to the Advertising Standards Bureau on Monday. The disturbing clips showed Australian shearers kicking, stamping and mutilating the creatures before stitching up their butchered wounds with a needle. The Minister for Agriculture, Barnaby Joyce has also voiced his outrage calling the campaign a 'load of rubbish' But many shearers, farmers and wool buyers have taken to social media to defend the industry .
NBC News chief foreign correspondent Richard Engel was kidnapped in Syria in December 2012. He was held captive for five days and believed he was being held by government forces. But he has now revealed his captors may have been Sunni rebels who tried to convince him they were rebels. The broadcaster said it is now most likely they were taken by a Sunni group for propaganda purposes .
Kai Windsor, now 10, from Cheltenham, Gloucestershire, always preferred football to dolls. Christened Kaia, he would shun traditional girls’ toys in favour of kicking a ball around. Now he is set to undergo hormone treatment to halt puberty.
Hayley Sandiford has been told she must get rid of her seven-stone American bulldog Winston by the end of April. The pet has attacked several terrified postmen in Blackburn, Lancashire, since February 2014. Angry neighbours have even left notes on her front door saying 'keep your devil dog away' . Twin Valley Homes housing association has now taken Miss Sandifords to court. She must find a new home for the dog by 4pm on April 30 or she will also have to leave her house .
iRobot has filed a request with the U.S. Federal Communications Commission to use airwaves for its latest design. The frequency band proposed for the lawnbot is 6240-6740 MHz - the same one several large radio telescopes operate on.
Lisa Skinner, 52, shot her estranged husband Bradley Skinner, 59, after he broke into the house she shared with her mother around 6 p.m. Sunday. Police said Mr Skinner was armed with both a pistol and a large knife. Mrs Skinner armed herself with a shotgun then went into the garage, where he followed her and aimed his pistol at her. She then opened fire, hitting him in the chest, causing life-threatening injuries. Both she and her husband were taken to hospital.
New Zealander Tim Weston was on holiday in Puerto Vallarta with his wife when he saw the alarming sight. The large croc kept the dog in its mouth for hours, not moving at all. The dog belonged to the local bike shop owner's owner .
Budi the orangutan spent the first year of his life trapped in a chicken coup in Borneo, Indonesia. He was found dying from malnutrition and too weak to move when he was rescued last December. Meanwhile, eight-month-old Jemmi was orphaned when her mother was killed and then illegally sold as a pet. Now the two apes have developed a 'beautiful friendship' .
The only child of Kim Kardashian and Kanye West wore a bright smile as she sat in her pram while her mother pushed them out of the airport. The family of three had arrived in Paris after Nori was baptised.
The Directorate of Religious Affairs for Turkey said that the use of the material for hygiene is acceptable but water was preferable. Set of rules for how Muslims should relieve themselves, called the Qadaa al-Haajah, was established before toilet paper.
The teenagers were detained at their homes in Coventry, West Midlands, during a 6am raid today. A 39-year-old man also held on suspicion of fundraising for the purpose of terrorism. All three are currently in custody in a West Midlands police station  .
Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia 2015 ended on Thursday with a spectacular finale show by Johanna Johnson. The glamorous Hollywood-inspired collection, 'Sirens' Call', featured mirrored embellishments, fringing, and feathers .
Cate McGregor spent 40 years in the Army, most of those under the name Malcolm. In 2012, after years of drowning agonising pain with alcohol and drugs, she stopped 'functioning' as a man and chose to live as a woman. She tried to resign from the office of former Chief of Army David Morrison when her transformation became public. The senior officer addressed the National Press Club on Wednesday as part of a women in media series. She became tearful at times.
Hafeez Bhatti, 33, and his wife, Khalida, 26, were verbally abused by a middle-aged woman on a Sydney train on Wednesday. Stacey Eden, 23, overheard the woman calling the Muslim couple 'ISIS terrorists' and stood up for them. The couple said they intend to press charges against the woman once she is identified . The woman has not been identified despite the video of the attack going viral. NSW police sources said a formal investigation is underway .
The sum, will be divided among patients of Dr. Nikita Levy, a gynecologist who secretly filmed and photographed thousands of women during gynecological exams at a Hopkins-affiliated clinic. Levy was fired in February 2013, days after a co-worker alerted hospital authorities about her suspicions and he was forced to turn over camera.
Measurements made by the European space probe Philae, which landed on comet 67P in November, show the comet's core isn't magnetised. Findings are part of a series of scientific results.
Elton John and lead singer of the band REM Michael Stipe have joined forces calling for the equal rights of transgender inmates. Justice Department said prison officials must treat an inmate’s gender identity condition just as they would treat any other medical or mental health condition. Follows a February lawsuit from the Southern Poverty Law Center.
Google's patent details a cloud-based system where a personality could be downloaded to a robot. The system would allow machines to download them in a similar way to an app - and even have a different personality for each user. The patent says that the personality could replicate the robot's owner, 'a deceased loved one,' or 'a celebrity' Google has already developed a system to allow robots to download personalities.
People walking along Somerton Beach, southwest of Adelaide, found a deceased fully-clothed man aged about 45 lying on the shore on December 1, 1948. A post-mortem determined that the man had died of poisoning but police and coronial investigations were unable to identify the body due to several factors .
Jerry Grayson, 59, was the youngest pilot to join the Royal Navy during the 1970s. He was responsible for saving 15 yachtsmen during the Fastnet Yacht Race in 1979. He set himself the task of tracking down every aircraft he ever flew as part of rescue missions. Mr Grayson's journey took him from Melbourne to several parts of the UK .
Nyia Parler, 41, left her 21-year-old son, who has cerebral palsy, in the woods with nothing but a bible and a blanket for five days. The quadriplegic man was found in a pile of wet leaves in Cobb Creek Park in Philadelphia last Friday. Parler was initially charged with aggravated assault, kidnapping and neglect of a care-dependent person, but police have now added attempted murder to the list. She is in hospital in Maryland for undisclosed reasons and will be extradited .
Scientists at Harvard Medical School and Massachusetts General Hospital have developed a device that clips onto the smartphone. It uses the powerful cameras available now on most smartphones in combination with tiny beads that bind to cancerous cells. When clumped around a cell, the beads alter the way the light passes through the sample. Using a smartphone app, these images can then be sent to a central computer for analysis. The result can be returned in less than 45 minutes .
The box truck collided with a car on Interstate 93 southbound in the city's Dorchester neighborhood at about 6am. Both drivers were taken to hospital with non-life-threatening injuries. Officials didn't want to risk running trains under the over-hanging truck.
Venessa Harris, 12, was diagnosed with Ewing’s sarcoma on January 5. She was diagnosed after suffering a fall which left her with pains in her leg. The cancer was found in the neck of her right femur and had eaten away so much of her bone it had the thickness of an egg shell. She is currently undergoing chemotherapy .
The Prime Minister made the gaffe on a campaign visit to Devon this morning. He quickly got into a muddle about the Devon and Cornish way of eating a cream tea. Tory leader has spent the day campaigning in the county.
Liberty Baker, 14, was walking to school when Robert Blackwell, 19, lost control of his car and ploughed into her. He had been smoking cannabis and was allegedly checking his phone at the time of the crash . Maureen Baker, 45, wanted to walk in front of a car at the scene of her daughter's death so they could be reunited . Family say they are 'devastated' by sentence.
The 630ft New York Wheel will be able to carry as many as 1,400 passengers at a time. It will include mobile bar cars, a 20-seat restaurant, a 4-D ride on the ground and an LED light show. Ticket prices will range from $25 to $30 (£17 to £20) .
Martin Alvarado Jr, 23, appeared in court on Monday on a first-degree murder charge for the death of 18-month-old Edwin Eli O'Reilly. He allegedly became enraged after the toddler urinated on him during a diaper change last week. He was ordered to be held without bail and has been ordered to appear in court again on April 28  .
Deanna Rudison, 55, has been charged with aggravated battery after New Orleans police say she was caught on video throwing bleach in the face of two Cohen High School students. The incident took place Monday morning at a Quick Stop gas station in New Orleans. Rudison's son, 27-year-old Jonathan Rudison has been named a person of interest in the parking lot attack.
Teenager from Mossley, Greater Manchester, ordered the deadly toxin off the 'dark web' He was unaware his online requests were being tracked by covert counter-terrorism officers. The teenager pleaded guilty to trying to buy the toxin at Manchester Youth Court earlier this month and was spared jail.
Micha Stunz, 45, has a 9 inch-long, 3.5 inch penis that now weighs up to 9.5lbs (4.3kg) The German man, who lives in Berlin, has had his penis permanently enlarged with silicone injections. The silicone implants provide no physical pleasure and make sex much more difficult for him.
A man called Alex posted a video on YouTube in which he asked the programme on his iPad a series of questions about gay marriage, where to find gay club and how to register a gay marriage in the UK. Apple has said the responses were down to a 'bug'
Oklahoma University student Kelsey Higley used 126 different images to create video entitled 'Manipulation' The 22-year-old studied art media at the University of Oklahoma in Norman to create the project.
Not one Labour candidate listed the government spending or the deficit as an important issue. 35% of Tories mentioned the deficit, 5% of Lib Dems and 9% of SNP candidates. Top issue for all parties was the economy.
Boris Johnson has 'suddenly realised' he is not his 'competition' after years of mischief making. Prime Minister reveals he will stand down as PM before 2020 if he wins re-election next month. He named Theresa May and George Osborne as potential successors.
The Anantara the Palm Jumeirah has three turquoise-blue 'lagoons' ideal for swimmers of all experience levels. Rebecca Adlington's baby girl is due on June 4 and she wanted to take her swimming as soon as possible.
Detective Constable Ciara Campbell accused of spying on ex-partner Stuart Swarbrick 200 times over a year. Court heard she also spied on his new girlfriend, a civilian police support worker, 50 times. The 43-year-old denies three counts of unlawfully obtaining personal data and eight counts of unauthorised access to computer material under the Computer Misuse Act 1990.
Supermarket giant published a list of tips on how its 314,000 UK workers can stay active in their jobs. Industry insiders say the initiative is part of a wider move to smarten up Tesco stores in the eyes of consumers   .
Angela Linton, 47, was banned from Perry Beeches school in Birmingham after abusing staff. She wrote vile message directed at gay teacher Thomas O'Brien in child's pass book. Given community order and fined £185 for harassment.
Internet companies will have to reveal names, IP addresses and residential addresses of 4,726 people who uploaded the film online illegally. The Federal Court ruled on Tuesday that Australian internet companies should hand over the names and addresses of those who illegally shared the film. The Hollywood studio can now go after each individual to claim compensation for damages .
Prince Andrew has personally changed the fate of more than 100 vulnerable young women in Calcutta. Rescued from brothels and domestic servitude, child labour and human trafficking. The girls have been taught tailoring and silk printing through a charity called Key to Freedom.
Michael Owen and Kyle Careford were killed in the crash in Crowborough, East Sussex. Mr Owen, 21, was preparing for his daughter's fifth birthday when he was killed. Mr Careford, also 21, is thought to have died just days before turning 21. Family and friends have left tributes at the scene .
Dr Zoe Waller, 31, suffers from dermatographia - a type of urticaria, or hives - where a raised, itchy rash appears on the skin. It is thought to be caused when the cells under the surface of the skin release histamines as part of an allergic reaction. She uses her own skin to teach her students about new drugs and molecules. She uploads her designs to social media .
Tony Orrell, 56, lost 21st slimming down from 38st to 17st in three years thanks to his love of Zumba. His wife Debbie, also 56, dropped 8st and the pair have lost a combined weight of 29st since 2012 .
Michael Rapiejko was accused of approaching Luis Colon as he got out of his car in October 2005 and pointing a gun at him before handcuffing him and threatening to shoot him in front of his wife and four children. The city settled with Colon for $20,000 under the condition that he dismissed all other claims. The settlement was reached in December 2008, the same time RapieJko left the New York Police Department and joined the Tucson Police Department, where he is now being investigated .
Britain ranked only 27th best country in the world for health and wellness in international league table. Obesity levels were the main factor pushing the UK down the health rankings. Britain was 111th out of 133 countries on that measure.
Nasa will launch the Orion spacecraft using the largest, most powerful rocket booster ever built; the Space Launch System (SLS) Tucked inside the stage adapter - the ring connecting Orion to the top propulsion stage of the SLS - will be 11 self-contained small satellites, each about the size of a shoebox.
Jenna Thomas was strangled to death by her stalker ex-boyfriend Philip Packer in 2008. Nikki Thomas, 27, says she wishes she had done more to stop his obsessive behaviour. She says she wants to turn back the clock and tell Jenna she didn't have to 'put up' with his calls and texts  .
A business called Edward’s Snow Den has appeared in the US President's headquarters. It was listed as a snowboard shop open between 5am and 11pm. Security consultant Bryan Seely created the fake listing during a TED Talk.
Woolworths launched 'Fresh in our Memories' last week in lead up to Anzac Day. Supermarket has been branded 'disrespectful' and 'disgusting' by social media users. Customers took to Facebook and Twitter to vent their anger. Website has since been taken down .
The Block’s up market South Yarra apartments are set to go under the hammer later this month with listing agents claiming the lavish apartments are worth between $1.3 million and $ 1.5 million. Thousands of fans will finally get the opportunity to see the four trendy Darling Street apartments for themselves when Channel Nine opens the doors to the public over the weekend. Realtors have been running VIP showings since construction wrapped up to give genuine buyers a feel of the renovated homes before the hammer falls on April 28. The auction will take place next month.
More than 200 members of Check It, the only documented gang of gay and transgender youths in America, have faced discrimination throughout their lives. But now, they are fighting to break the cycle of poverty and violence that they have grown up in. They are working on their own clothing label, putting on fashion shows and working stints as models.
President Barack Obama has held the fewest number of state dinners since Harry S. Truman. In his first six years, Obama held just seven state dinners and will hold at least two more this year: for the leaders of Japan and China.
Jesse Willesee was arrested at Sydney Town Hall for smoking weed at 4.20pm on Monday. His girlfriend Jasmine Dinjar has posted provocative images of her promoting the use of cannabis on Instagram. She has posed topless in underwear printed with marijuana leaves and with fingernails painted with the cannabis sign  .
The Merfin is a rubber monofin that mimics the experience of swimming like a mermaid. The product is the brainchild of Australian professional freediver Kazzie Mahina. The 37-year-old created the flippers to allow kids and adults alike to streak through the ocean.
Binmen in Farnham, Surrey, said the bag of Walkers prawn cocktail crisps fell foul of the rules. Elsewhere they left another bin full of rubbish because there was a scrap of cellophane on top. Dozens of people have taken to social media to complain .
Andy Murray will marry long-term girlfriend Kim Sears at Dunblane Cathedral next week. The tennis star has left the vast majority of the planning to his fiancee, Kim Sears . Murray admits he 'couldn't care less' about the finer details of the day. Miss Sears, 27, has been entrusted with planning the pair's wedding next week . Thousands of people are expected to line the streets of Perthshire.
Health worker who recently returned from West Africa has been taken to a hospital after displaying symptoms which could be the deadly Ebola virus. The unnamed woman has been placed in an isolation ward at Canberra Hospital for treatment on Friday. She's being treated in complete isolation in a single room under the hospital's Ebola protocol.
Study uncovered a link between belief in God and other societal characteristics, such as a strong social hierarchy. Scientists suggest that religious beliefs help people cope in inhospitable habitats. Communities that believe in a high, controlling God or gods who enforce a moral code, tend to live in politically complex groups with a social hierarchy beyond the local community.
Katrina Maddox, 23, gave birth to Edward on the way to hospital in the early hours of last Thursday. Baby Edward was delivered by his father Peter Maddox in the back of an ambulance on the A47 in North Tuddenham.
Two Muslim Liverpool supporters were pictured praying at half-time of FA Cup match at Anfield last month. Stephen Dodd tweeted the photograph with the caption ‘Muslims praying atHalf-time at the match yesterday #DISGRACE’. Liverpool FC is investigating and will take appropriate action.
Shelbie Brooke Richards, 21, and Sarah Adelia Graves, 22, were sentenced Thursday for their role in the 2011 murder of 47-year-old Jackson, Mississippi man James Craig Anderson. Both women were part of a group that repeatedly searched Mississippi's capital city for black people to assault. Richards admitted that she encouraged Deryl Paul Dedmon to assault Anderson when they arrived in a hotel parking lot and then yelled a racial slur and encouraged him to run over him. Anderson died after being beaten and run over by a truck in Jackson, which they called 'Jafrica'
Jon Hamm, 44, was allegedly involved in a hazing scandal at the University of Texas at Austin's Sigma Nu fraternity in 1990. The actor allegedly beat a 21-year-old pledge with a paddle 30 times and set fire to his pants. Hamm was eventually charged with assault, but had the charges dismissed before he began his ascent to superstardom. The Mad Men star, who won a Golden Globe in 1996 for his role in the AMC series, has recently returned to rehab  .
Somali-born author Ayaan Hirsi Ali, 45, emigrated to America in 2006 after facing death threats in the Netherlands, where she had been a member of parliament and a target for extremists after renouncing her faith and becoming an atheist. She said that the law in the U.S. and the fact that the majority of the population are accepting of differences make it easier for all types of minority groups including woman, black people, gays and Jews to live there. She is married to British historian and public commentator Niall Ferguson, who left his wife in 2011.
Ben Cousins, 36, was due to face Fremantle Magistrates Court on Wednesday morning. His lawyer claimed the former West Coast Eagles captain had conflicting medical appointments. Cousins was arrested on March 11 after allegedly leading police on a low speed chase from Bicton .
Britain was sixth from last in a list of the world's most religious countries. Only 30 per cent of people in the UK call themselves religious, compared to 53 per cent who are not. Thailand was the most religious country at 94 per cent .
Debenhams and Mothercare have called a halt to long-running promotions which fail to excite shoppers. Experts claim prolonged sales can devalue products and encourage shoppers to delay buying. A third of all fashion purchases are now made in a sale.
British Airways launches Mindfulness for Travel series to celebrate new A380 service between London and San Francisco. Created by mindfulness expert Mark Coleman, also the Founder of the Mindfulness Institute, to help travellers relax.
Sam Reese's crime was to ask his date Kathleen to split the bill with him rather than pick up the tab himself. 'I couldn’t believe some of the reactions from people on Twitter,' he told The Mirror  .
A train heading from Queens into Manhattan was stalled underneath the East River around 8.30am Monday. Its conductor saw smoke coming from the board along the track's third rail. Part of the train's contact shoe is thought to have touched the board instead of the rail .
Sajid Javid said some values prevalent in certain Asian communities were 'totally unacceptable in British society' His comments come after inquiries into sexual abuse of vulnerable girls by Asian men in Rochdale, Rotherham and Oxford found authorities failed to protect them.
London-based Trotters release 'New Born Baby Collection' in time for royal baby's arrival. Range includes boy's T-shirts and romper suits, pretty smocked dresses and pink cardigans for girls .
Mikaeel Kular was killed by his mother Rosdeep Adekoya, who beat him for being sick and left him to die in agony. She hid his body in a suitcase and dumped it in woods behind her sister's house in Fife. Fife council workers allegedly accessed confidential files belonging to the three-year-old.
The Rex Cinema in Berkhamsted, Hertfordshire, has banned babies from Tuesday matinees. Manager James Hannaway says it is due to a combination of 'whingeing, bitching, snitching and the law' He said he was fed up with the whingeing from those attending the screenings without babies .
Hillary Clinton and husband Bill went for a stroll near their Chappaqua, New York, home on Saturday afternoon. Meanwhile, her two 'Scooby' campaign vans got some TLC of their own at a local body shop, where they were also hand washed. Mrs Clinton will hit the campaign trail again today in New Hampshire, where she'll hold a round table at a business.
Status Quo, Katherine Jenkins and West End star Elaine Paige will perform at the event. Other stars include boy band Blue, R&B singer Jamelia, pop star Pixie Lott, jazz vocalist Gregory Porter and tenor Alfie Boe at the 1940s concert.
Italian coffee giant Lavazza joined forces with the Turin-based engineering company Argotec and the Italian Space Agency to provide a specially designed machine for use off the planet. The espresso machine was originally intended for Italian astronaut .
Mark Allen Sanders was beaten with a paddle, dragged around a room by his genitals and had his pants set on fire in 1990. Hamm was one of seven Sigma Nu brothers who tormented and humiliated Sanders when he was a young pledge at the University of Texas at Austin. The young man was hit so hard during the warped 1990 initiation that he suffered a fractured spine and nearly lost a kidney. Hamm, a sophomore, was identified as a ringleader and arrested in 1993, long before he became one of America's most recognizable actors playing boozy advertising exec Don Draper. An assault charge was dismissed, however, and he completed a period of probation instead of receiving a conviction for hazing. Today Sanders is a doctor and lawyer in Fort Worth.
Dr Terry Dubrow and Dr Paul Nassif, the resident experts on the popular E! series Botched, spoke to Cosmopolitan.com about the 'jaw-dropping' cases they were faced with while filming the upcoming season of the show. Botched premieres its second season tonight on E! .
Jeff Dubois of KIRO, struggled to get through his report without swatting and waving his hands around as the bees buzzed around Interstate 5. The truck had just merged onto Interstate 5 around 3:30 a.m. when it tipped on its side, dumping its load of 448 hives, or about 13.7 million bees. The driver, a 36-year-old man from Idaho, was not hurt.
Her Majesty, who is approaching her 89th birthday, was spotted riding her faithful black Fell pony, Carltonlima Emma, on Monday. She was joined by Lord Vestey and her Head Groom Terry Pendry in the park close to her Windsor Castle home on Monday and Thursday.
Sir Bradley Wiggins took part in the Paris-Roubaix one-day race for the last time for Team Sky. He came 18th in the 254km race - his last for the team. Cyclists can be seen swerving to avoid level crossing barriers .
A report released by the Charleston County Sheriff's Department on Friday says deputies responded to a call about a fight between Walter Scott and another man in 1987. When deputies told the two to break it up, Scott began shouting obscenities at the other man and pushing a deputy. Scott suffered a cut and was treated at a local hospital before being transported to the jail. The news comes as another excessive force complaint, as well as a lawsuit, is filed against Michael Slager .
Matilda Kahl, an art director at Saatchi & Saachi, has worn the same outfit to work every day for three years. She says she wants to be judged on her work and her work only .
More than seven million episodes from seasons one to four were illegally downloaded between February and April. Overall illegal downloading of show is up 45 per cent year-on-year, figures reveal. Top country for illegal downloads of Game of Thrones episodes was Brazil, which accounted for almost one million of them .
Melbourne-born, Paris-based designer Martin Grant will refresh the uniforms worn by Qantas' domestic and international pilots. A key focus of the redesign will be the female uniform, with CEO Alan Joyce saying there are an increasing number of women joining the ranks of Qantsas pilots.
HSBC was criticised for refusing to grant the £250,000 loan because the husband would have been over 65 when the 18-year deal finished. Financial Ombudsman Service found the lender guilty of being 'unfair' HSBC was ordered to pay £500 to the couple for their 'distress and inconvenience' .
The front row at Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia were given an eyeful during the St George New Generation show. Models strut down the runway in delicate sheer creations by Marriam Seddiq.
The hostility between the women meant they would never be able to make rational decisions. Senior Judge Denzil Lush said the elder sister could be jailed for attempting to alter a legal document. The mother, who has dementia, lives in a care home in Stoke Mandeville, Buckinghamshire. She owns a £600,000 house, has savings and shares worth £100,000, and an income of £1,200.
Sister Gertrud Tiefenbacher's hands had been tied with a typewriter cord and a towel placed over her face. Her body was found by other nuns at the Sacred Heart Missionary in Ixopo, a small town 85 miles south-west of Durban.
Dj Django Greenblatt-Seay, 33, made the ad for his 2002 Ford Taurus over the weekend and posted it to his Craigslist ad on Monday. The video begins from far overhead, showcasing the silver car as just a speck among the vast expanse of trees at Hummel Park in Omaha, Nebraska. It is soundtracked with an old-fashioned 1987 commercial.
Miss Middleton, 31, wore a low-key tailored cream blazer, a heart-print top and dark denim jeans. She walked hand-in-hand with her boyfriend of two years before leaning in for a brief kiss .
Jacob Hall, from Iowa, asked Australian redditors to make a recording from the tooth fairy for his son, Evan. The seven-year-old believes his tooth fairy is from Down Under because he was 'a little late' in paying up the last time. Jeff Pyrotek, from Seymour in Victoria, made the message for Evan on the request of Mr Hall. The father-of-three said his son was 'totally overjoyed' with the finished product .
Xana Doyle, 19, was killed after driver Sakhawat Ali crashed a stolen car while high on drugs. The Toyota Avensis flipped and landed on its roof in the early hours of the morning in January. Ali, 23, was more than twice the drink-drive limit and taking class A and B drugs. He admitted causing death by dangerous driving and aggravated vehicle taking.
The 49-year-old woman showed a staggering response to a new combination of two drugs, to treat skin cancer. Doctors at the Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center in New York have hailed her recovery 'one of the most astonishing responses' ever seen, ever seen   .
Melvin the giraffe was attacked by an eland antelope walking in the same enclosure at Kristiansand Zoo. The giraffe had got his head stuck in the fence when he was gored by the large antelope on Easter Monday.
Sarah Wilson complained to Mamamia after her image was used to illustrate a story about orthorexia nervosa. Wilson’s face was plastered on the article alongside controversial wellness blogger Belle Gibson and Paleo diet preacher Pete Evans. Former Cosmopolitan editor Wilson fumed on Monday: ‘Is this how such things should be done?'
It's time to ditch vitamin pills for a diet rich in clean, fresh and unprocessed foods, says Sarah Flower. 'The typical western diet is heavily processed and sugar ridden,' she says. 'This makes us more susceptible to vitamin and mineral deficiencies' The foods listed below are some of the best.
James Freedman, 49, describes himself as ‘the only honest pickpocket you will ever meet’. For years he’s been giving pickpocket demonstrations to teach people how not to become victims of street crime. Now he's exhibiting his ‘skills’ on stage in a one-man show.
Sofia Vergara's attorney Fred Silberberg said Friday the actress has no intention of destroying the frozen embryos she created with ex-fiancee Nick Loeb. The couple created the embryos in November 2013, six months before they ended their relationship. Loeb, 39, filed a lawsuit asking a judge to order her not to destroy the embryos. It's been reported that he wants to use them to have a child .
Natalie Prescott, 26, dived 40 feet off Appley Bridge Quarry, near Wigan, in 2012. Her family was warned she was unlikely to survive and that she would lose her legs. Doctors managed to save her legs, but she was left unable to walk or stand. Mother-of-three is now campaigning to have the quarry closed off to public.
Documents suggest methyl bromide may have been improperly applied in various locations in Puerto Rico. EPA regional administrator Judith Enck said the agency and Puerto Rico's Department of Agriculture are investigating where and when the pesticide was used. The chemical sickened a family of four from Wilmington, Delaware, last month in the U.S. Virgin Islands .
Iain Mackay, 40, bled to death after getting into a fight with Thai girlfriend Nilobon Patty in Hua Hin, Thailand. The couple had been seeing each other for three years but he ended their relationship last month. Ms Patty, 35, has been accused of 'indirectly causing his death' as seeing her with another man angered Mr Mackay .
One Nation leader Pauline Hanson described halal certification as a 'profit, money-making racket' She also said that the public were being 'hoodwinked' over the issue. Ms Hanson said the protests on Saturday were about 'criticism, not racism' Her comments came after protesters clashed with anti-racist activists in Sydney and Melbourne on Saturday  .
Tittygram and Titisign offer to write messages on a woman's breasts and take a photo. Burger King is one of the first big companies to take advantage of the service. The service costs as little as £4 .
Police are hunting for a man who walked into a house in Los Angeles on Sunday night and shot a sleeping eight-year-old boy in the head. According to the victim's father, the attacker walked in through an unlocked front door around midnight and proceeded to fire shots after a heated conversation. The father then ran into the boy's bedroom to shield him as the gunman followed shooting, leaving him critically injured  .
Alissa Sizemore, from Vernal, Utah, was only seven-years-old when a truck ran over her foot and immediately severed it last May. She had to have her right leg amputated below the knee and was fitted with a prosthetic leg in September. Last month, she gave her first solo dance performance since she became an amputee - earning a standing ovation for her moving routine .
Mitya the bear was found abandoned outside a circus in Vladivostok, east Russia, earlier this year. He is one of many bear cubs rescued by special groups across Russia this spring. Three bears taken in after their mother was shot by a hunter in Omsk.
The female, named Varvara, swam 14,000 miles (22,500km) from the east coast of Russia to breeding grounds off the coast of Mexico, and back, without even stopping for a snack when she was nine years old. Her return journey across the North Pacific raises questions about the critically endangered creature’s conservation status. Gray whales typically don't feed during migration, which has led researchers to believe Varvarva didn't eat during the long journey.
Flight VS44 should have left McCarran airport at 4.30pm local time on Easter Monday. But a series of delays meant the 403 passengers did not get away on their flight to Gatwick until early on Wednesday. Passengers were taken to the Tropicana Las Vegas on numerous times during the long flight delay  .
Scott Kelley, now 50, and stepdaughter Mary Nunes, now 19, were arrested in Costa Rica on Monday. The pair fled New Hampshire in 2004 along with Genevieve Kelley, Mary's mother, during a custody dispute with Mark Nunes. Genevieved, a physician, refused to hand daughter over to Mr Nunes, and took her to Colorado. She then boarded a flight to South America and was not seen again for a decade until this week.
Jade Ruthven, 33, was lambasted on her social media account by her friends last week. They were so sick of her constant updates about her baby daughter that they wrote her a scathing letter demanding she stop. Social media expert Sarah-Jane Kurtini believes people need to be more aware of their ramblings on the web   .
Bali Nine ringleaders Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran will find out if their last-ditch legal appeal against their death row sentence will be allowed to proceed on Monday. A Jakarta court is due to decide whether the pair’s lawyers can challenge Indonesian President Joko Widodo's decision to deny the two Australians clemency on Monday .
Chloe Owens, 27, from Swanley, Kent, came up with the idea for Bump 2 Breast when pregnant with daughter Lola. The app has already been downloaded 20,000 times and is getting rave reviews on all mobile platforms  .
Karen Buckley, 24, was last seen on CCTV leaving Sanctuary nightclub in Glasgow at 1am on Sunday. Student's handbag - which she was carrying on the night of her disappearance - was later found in park. Police arrested a 21-year-old man 'in connection with her death' last night and sealed off High Craigton Farm near Bearsden, outside Glasgow.
The group, or possibly individual, released the info of employees of the CIA, FBI and DHS on the site Pastebin.com, which allows anonymous posts. The Department of Homeland Security confirmed the leak but would not elaborate on who was affected or how many addresses had been leaked. The post claims to reveal the information of FBI Director James Comey and DHS Director Charles Johnson, in addition to previous directors. No one appeared to directly take responsibility for the posts.
Nick Clegg said there was a range of reasons why different groups of former supporters are 'p***** off' But he said none of them were to do with his policy making decisions. He said public sector workers had left because their pensions were hit and some faced job cuts. Tory source said: 'This sums Nick Clegg. Its everyone's fault but himself'
Hollie Tillbrook, 17, was out with her boyfriend in Basildon, Essex, when she suddenly collapsed. Doctors believe her potassium levels had plummeted to such a low level that her heart stopped. She is now recovering at home with her mother Denise Bennett.
David Bulman, 55, and his wife Lubova had a row after he criticised her for not doing the chores. His wife threw all his shirts outside, but he followed her and shouted at her before punching her. Neighbours called police after Bulman drove away, damaging a gate post and a van, leaving his wife with a black eye.
The screening system spots chemical signals in exhaled air that are linked to tumour development. Israeli researchers say the system is accurate, cheap and allows patients to be monitored without invasive procedures. The breath test discovery is hoped to save thousands.
A-listers from Michelle Obama to Angelina Jolie lent their support to the #bringbackourgirls campaign. But Unicef have revealed that more than 200 of the girls remain in captivity. Scores of other children have gone missing since the abduction last year .
The Viva Las Vegas Rockabilly Weekend - now in its 18th year - is a flashback to classic cars, vintage pinups, Tiki drinks, tattoos and a fashion aesthetic that balances high heels with just as high hair. Around 20,000 fans of the era gathered over the weekend for musical performances and car show.
Johnny Depp and Amber Heard touched down in Brisbane, Australia, on Tuesday morning local time. The couple, both wearing their wedding bands, hadn't been photographed together in public for more than two months. Rumors that the couple are 'leading separate lives' .
Pierre Collins, 33, was taken into custody on suspicion of second-degree murder in the death of Barway Collins, 10, on Monday. The body of the 10-year-old was found in the Mississippi River over the weekend by searchers from a Boy Scout troop. The boy's father, Pierre Collins, is a primary suspect in the case and has said he is innocent. Barway was last seen after school on March 18 and his body was found on Saturday. The cause and manner of his death are still being investigated by the medical examiner.
A new Reddit thread asking users to submit the most horrendous baby names they have ever come across has attracted more than 18,000 comments in just 24 hours. FEMAIL has compiled the worst examples, including the names 'Orgasm', submitted by the daughter of a midwife who has heard her fair share of horror.
Hillary Clinton stopped at Kristin's Bistro & Bakery in Keene, New Hampshire on Monday for a small-business roundtable event. 'A few of the staff didn't want to come out to meet Hillary,' a cashier at the bakery said. 'They just don't like her,' a co-worker offered while looking furtively to see who was listening. Clinton's communications director Jennifer Palmieri wouldn't rule out the possibility that some of the customers had been brought in for the event. The former secretary of state is campaigning in the Granite State.
Sir John Major said the SNP would use any power they wield in Westminster to foster division. He mocked SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon over her demand to play a role in propping up a Labour government. He said she is 'not even bothering' to stand as an MP herself . SNP leader branded his comments 'an affront to democracy'  .
Jaclyn Pfeiffer, 29, and Kelly Bardier, 33, worked at the Aloma Methodist Early Childhood Learning Center in Orange County, Florida, for the last 18 months. The two have been together since October last year. They were both terminated after the school discovered they were in a relationship. The director of the daycare, Barbara Twachtman, said she heard rumors about the two and fired both of them because of their sexuality. The daycare is run by Aloma United Methodist Church, which opposes 'all forms of discrimination' .
Natasha Willard, 17, was studying for her A-levels when she fell ill with flu four months ago. The teenager was diagnosed with encephalitis, an inflammation of the brain, just before Christmas. She is now unable to move her arms and legs and can barely eat or talk. Doctors are unsure what the future holds for her.
Greece this week repeated threats to stop paying off its loan and default on its debt if Europe refuses to release more funds. Poul Thomsen, the IMF's Europe Director has been quoted by the Greek media as saying he cannot see.
Chloe Valentine, 4, died of massive head injuries after being forced to ride a motorbike that repeatedly crashed over a three-day period in January 2012. Her mother, Ashlee Polkinghorne, and her partner are in jail after pleading guilty to manslaughter through criminal neglect. In an emotional statement outside the Adelaide inquest on Thursday, Chloe's grandmother Belinda Valentine welcomed Coroner Mark Johns' ruling that Families SA was broken and fundamentally flawed  .
Sir Paul and Heather Mills married in 2002 at Castle Leslie in County Monaghan, Ireland. Their daughters Stella and Mary were said to have been less than overjoyed by their father's choice of partner. Pictures belong to the family of Sir Paul's late housekeeper Rose Martin who was among those invited .
Martyn Uzzell, 51, died instantly after he was thrown into path of a car by pothole on A65 near Giggleswick, North Yorkshire. Council sent workers to inspect hole a month before tragedy but decided it did not need repairing. His widow Kate has now won six-figure payout from council.
Lib Dem leader Nick Clegg is touring the country in a bright yellow election battlebus fitted out with a radio studio. Aides say it is part of a deliberate strategy to get the Deputy Prime Minister out of London to meet normal people as they go about their daily lives.
Scott Stephenson was due to be jailed for stealing a phone from a man dying of hypothermia. But he was re-bailed after failing to turn up to a previous court hearing. He unleashed an expletive-filled rant outside court.
The 34-year-old star of The Only Way Is Essex has expanded her range of plus-size clothing for Evans. New additions include swing tops and blouses, as well as a pair of floral fringed kimonos  .
Robots are controlled by a wristband containing Intel's Curie computer the size of a button. Curie is based on Intel's first purpose-built system-on-chip for wearable devices and is expected to ship this year.
Mathew Sitko, 23, of Lewiston, Idaho, crashed through a yard and over two terraces before getting snared in a chain-link fence. The fence is the only reason the car vehicle did not topple over into the canyon. Police are trying to track down the man who pulled Sitko from the car.
US researchers say very few of these - often very expensive - weight loss plans have solid evidence to back up their claims. Others produce no better results than people dieting on their own or getting health information elsewhere. But a handful - including Weight Watchers, the Atkins diet, Jenny Craig and NutriSystem - do appear to be effective, according to studies.
Lipscomb police chief Warren Carey was trying to arrest Mayor Lance McDade when the fight broke out on Friday. Carey was later spotted 'hobbling' into his office with an injured leg before he was transported to the hospital. McDade is currently in jail for resisting arrest and assaulting a police officer. The mayor pro term, Brenda Renz, is now in charge of city.
A spring storm that had doused Northern California for the previous 24 hours arrived in Southern California on Tuesday night, bringing mostly light but necessary rainfall across a region that has been experiencing extreme drought conditions. Thousands were without power for several hours because of the storm, and the Los Angeles Dodgers had a rare rain delay on the second day of the season. Earlier in the day, the unusually cold spring storm brought heavy rain and hail to Northern California.
Great British Bake Off host Sue Perkins is favourite to replace Jeremy Clarkson on Top Gear. Bookmakers Coral say she is ahead of Dermot O'Leary and Jodie Kidd for the role. Clarkson was sacked by the BBC after he verbally abused one of the show's producers. His future at the BBC remains uncertain  .
Sophie Thomas wore the black shirt in March when she was having her picture taken at Clermont Northeastern Middle School in Batavia, Ohio. School principal said word was removed to 'prevent any unintended controversies' .
Work and Pensions Secretary said Ed Miliband was standing on 'most Left-wing platform since Michael Foot' Called on fellow Tories to 'bang the drum' in next fortnight to champion Government's achievements. Hailed the 'staggering' increase in employment, now at a record high.
Form was purchased at an ephemera show in Delaware by rare book dealer Ian Brabner. It asks a further 19 questions ranging from the mundane, such as ‘what is your age?’, to the overtly sinister – ‘Do you believe in White Supremacy?'   .
Two teenagers remain in custody following raids in Melbourne's south-east. Prime Minister Tony Abbott has urged people to continue with their Anzac Day plans. Sevdet Besim, 18, has been charged with conspiring to commit terrorist acts. Two other men, aged 18 and 19, have been released pending further enquiries.
Rise will be due to a baby boom among Pakistani, Bangladeshi, and African immigrants. One in four Britons will be from black or minority groups by 2051, research shows. Campaigners fear sudden increase will put pressure on housing, schools and the NHS  .
Violet, Countess of Grantham may be coming back in the new American show The Gilded Age. Set in 19th Century New York and focusing on the city's most privileged families. American-born Cora (played by Elizabeth McGovern) may also reappear.
Oleg Kalashnikov, a former member of the Ukrainian parliament, was found dead Wednesday evening. Interior Ministry said he had died of gunshot wounds but did not say whether it was homicide or suicide. He was a deputy for the Party of Regions in Ukraine's parliament.
A Japanese bullet train has broken the speed record for rail vehicles by reaching 366mph (589km/h) Maglev trains use magnets to lift the carriages above the track. This eliminates the need for wheels and therefore any incidence of friction, providing a faster and quieter service. The technology promises a ride that's smoother, quieter and almost twice as fast as traditional high-speed rail. The new line between Tokyo and Nagoya comes into service in 2027.
Rachel Lynn Lehnardt, 35, from Evans, Georgia, was spotted outside her house wearing a hooded jacket and workout clothes on Wednesday. She was arrested on Saturday after having a drunken party with her teenage daughter and daughter's friends. The mother-of-five has been charged with two counts of contributing to the delinquency of a minor. She lost custody of her five children after the incident  .
238m passengers passed through British airports in 2014, just three million less than the pre-recession boom peak of 241m in 2007. Most passengers (144m) fly to Europe which enjoyed a 5.4% rise year on year in visitors from the UK in 2014 .
Customers unwittingly eating pastries made from meat of stray dogs, police say. Officers investigating snack bar found boxes containing frozen carcasses of dozens of dogs. Dog meat used for fillings of 'pastels', a traditional Brazilian stuffed pastry normally made with ground beef.
The 40-year-old actor bought the 104-acre Blackadore Caye island off the coast of Belize in 2005 for $1.75 million. He recently teamed up with Paul Scialla, the chief executive of New York development firm Delos, to create the eco-conscious resort, with plans to open in 2018. The resort will have villas on a platform over the water, as well as artificial reefs with 'fish shelters' and other features that hope to rehabilitate the area .
Tennis star Andy Murray to marry Kim Sears in Dunblane, north of Stirling, on April 11. A quarter of all marriages in Scotland involved couples from outside of the country last year. Southwest England was a close second for most popular destination.
ISIS has seized control of up to 90 per cent of the Yarmouk camp in south Damascus. Jihadis posted gruesome images showing severed heads of two alleged members of Hamas-linked group. Hundreds of residents fled yesterday amid shelling by government forces and clashes between ISIS fighters and Palestinian militants, activists said. The camp has been subjected to intense shelling and airstrikes by government warplanes allegedly carrying barrel bombs. U.N. official describes situation as 'beyond inhumane' and says 18,000 civilians are trapped in the camp .
Representatives from Comcast and Time Warner Cable plan to meet with US Department of Justice officials. Meeting next Wednesday would aim to negotiate possible. concessions addressing competition concerns over their planned $45billion merger.
Dove has asked women to rate themselves as either 'beautiful' or 'average' In Australia, 83 per cent of women say they would describe themselves as average looking. 96 per cent say they are 'average', leaving just four per cent to admit they consider themselves beautiful   .
Jared McCarroll, head chef at M Restaurant and Grill, says the first step to a perfect steak starts when you are shopping. Allow your meat to come to room temperature before you start cooking, he advises. The shape and thickness of the steak is also important; the best steaks are one to 1.5-inches thick, he said .
Billy Mitchell, seven, was born with Apert syndrome, a rare genetic condition which causes malformations of the skull, face, hands and feet. He endured a series of major operations to correct the deformities including a procedure to reshape his skull.
Mahendra Bavishi, who lives in Sudan, said detectives have asked to put some ‘sensitive’ questions to his British-based son. He said the robbers almost certainly had some inside information because several CCTV cameras were not working .
Social Services Minister Scott Morrison has announced the end to religious exemption on children’s vaccinations for access to childcare benefits. Parents who refuse to immunise their children are set to lose up to $15,000 a year for every child. Families who do vaccinate their kids are eligible for the $7,500-a-year childcare rebate, $200 a week childcare benefit and end of year supplement.
Being socially isolated can lead to health problems such as dementia and high blood pressure. Campaign to End Loneliness calls on councils to work out which areas are most at risk .
The 47-year-old man from Warwick, 150km south-west of Brisbane, has been charged with 145 child exploitation offences. He is accused of raping five children and involving 20 more in the making of child pornography. The man allegedly used a range of social media sites to prey on children under the age of 16. The alleged offences took place between 2002 and 2015.
Liana Barrientos, 38, of the Bronx, pleaded not guilty on Friday to two felony charges of filing a false instrument, involving marriage licences. She is accused of marrying 10 men over the course of 11 years and charging a fee for her 'services' She was arrested just after leaving court on Friday, when she allegedly evaded the fare at a Bronx subway station. She was granted the new charge of theft of service, and was released without any bail being set. Her niece's case was also dismissed and her case was dismissed .
A Dartmouth College judicial committee has 'derecognized' Alpha Delta after several pledges received brands on their backsides. It found Alpha Delta responsible for causing harm to pledges and violating terms of a suspension for alcohol violations. The fraternity has until next Monday to appeal the decision. The Greek organization has received bad publicity over the past four years.
Planes coming from South-East Asian countries are being routinely fumigated before luggage is removed. The exotic mosquito Aedes aegypti is responsible for an annual outbreak of dengue in North Queensland. The blood suckers were discovered in the international baggage terminal on February 17, March 30 and again on March 31. Tests are being carried out to identify source.
Christine Lynn Smith, 50, was arrested Tuesday after the bodies of 10 dogs and three cats were found decomposing in her former home in Macon, Georgia. The home had been recently auctioned off and was littered with over 1,000 empty beer cans. The bodies of the animals were so decomposing that it was impossible to conduct a necropsy to see how they died. Smith was charged with 13 counts of animal cruelty .
Malcolm Turnbull is set to feature on the front cover of the GQ Australia May issue which hits newsstands on Monday 20 April. The Minister for Communications confirmed rumours that he had planned to run for Prime Minister if Tony Abbott had been successfully toppled in February's leadership spill .
Nation Building Society is giving anyone up to the age of 70 the chance to take out a 35-year loan. Pension reforms give over-55s access to billions of pounds from today to withdraw from pension pots. Surge of ‘silver landlords’ is likely to push up house prices, stoking fears of boom.
Waheed Ahmed, 21, is said to be a member of extremist group Hizb ut-Tahrir. He is the son of Rochdale councillor Shakil Ahmed, who was pictured with Ed Miliband. Ahmed was arrested by Turkish police at the border town of Reyhanli last week .
Stephanie Scott, 26, was due to marry her partner of five years, Aaron Leeson-Woolley, in a small town in New South Wales this Saturday. But the English and drama teacher vanished on Sunday while excitedly making final preparations for the wedding. Her car was found by police on Thursday, 7km outside of the town of Griffith. Vincent Stanford, 24, has been charged with her murder despite not having found her body . Family and friends who travelled from around the world to be at the wedding now face planning her funeral .
Ronald and Miriam Pearson met at an evening dance while he was serving in the RAF police. They married in 1943 and settled in Broughton near Chester to raise their 'adored' family . After almost 72 years together, Mrs Pearson, 95, died last month aged 94 and her husband followed two days later aged 94  .
Italian musician Andrea Furlan was captured on camera by filmmaker friend Irina Niculescu. He holds a ‘butterfly landscape’ designed instrument to his mouth and plays a tune while an unsuspecting herd of cows graze.
The German woman, who has not been named, was in a taxi which was stuck in traffic shortly after arriving at Charles de Gaulle airport. Three thieves are said to have ‘appeared from nowhere’ and smashed a rear window of the car. Heist took place in the Landy Tunnel, notorious for smash-and-
Ukip leader risked alienating those watching at Westminster's Central Hall in London. He protested they were 'a remarkable audience even by the Left-wing standards of the BBC' Outburst came less than half an hour into the event after comments about housing pressure. David Dimbleby intervened to say audience had been chosen by independent polling organisation. Ukip said to be pressing for inquiry into audience selection.
Labour leader declines several chances to say Harriet Harman would get second most powerful job. Comes just hours before party launches its women's manifesto. Miss Harman has previously suggested Gordon Brown's refusal in 2007 to maker her Deputy PM was sexist  .
Second year history and politics student says her student loan failed to cover the cost of living in London. She says she turned to sex work after conventional means of earning failed to support her. The student says that sex work has been beneficial to her.
Houston Texans defensive tackle releases video of 61-inch standing box jump. Watt, 26, declares: 'It must have been the shoes, baby!' after completing the incredible feat .
The so-called Golden State is increasingly turning a dirty brown colour due to a devastating drought that is in its fourth year. Californian farmers have been allowed to hog dwindling supplies of water, digging ever-deeper bore holes. Global demand for the nut is soaring as customers from David Cameron to millions of middle-class Chinese.
Lillian Bustle, from New Jersey, gave a TED talk earlier this month in which she explained that 'fat' shouldn't be used as a synonym for 'ugly' because it's just another word.
Patrick and Marianne Charles, 78 and 74, were without heating during a blackout on a cold November night last year. The couple, who had been married for 53 years, sat down in their conservatory with a glass of wine each and fired up the barbecue. The conservatory quickly filled with smoke and within minutes the couple were unconscious .
Perth Glory will be excluded from the A-League finals after breaching the salary cap over three seasons. The club were found to have exceeded the cap by around $400,000 this season alone. Glory have filed with the Supreme Court of Western Australia seeking an injunction.
More than one million people have already booked their slots to see the piece of linen that devotees believe to be the burial cloth of Jesus Christ. The shroud will be on display until June 24, 2015 in Turin.
Louise Smith, 38, plucked a young girl's hair and put it in her food at a pub near Carlisle, Cumbria. CCTV footage showed her standing over the girl, aged under 10, and pulling two hairs from her head. But in reality she did not have enough money to pay for the £21 dinner.
The error was spotted during a Hampshire Constabulary training course in Hamble near Southampton. Two officers have decided to proudly continue wearing the tops with the mistake on the left sleeve. Chairman of the Hampshire Police Federation burst out laughing when he saw the uniform.
Migrant workers produce vegetables exported to Britain say they are denied basic hygiene facilities. They are not provided with soap or water to wash their hands, while some live in shacks. They claim they are treated like slaves by agencies who hire them to produce salads and vegetables. They also say they have to work around dangerous pesticides - causing some to fall ill. Revelations will horrify millions of customers of British supermarkets, all of which say they source responsibly.
Flight from Kansas City, Missouri, to Denver, Colorado, was diverted to Colorado Springs due to bad weather. The 6am flight took just an hour and a half to get to the unscheduled stop at Colorado Springs. But then languished for another six hours, before everybody was ordered off anyway  .
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was found guilty of carrying out the Boston Marathon bombings on Wednesday. The 21-year-old will now move on to the penalty stage of the trial which could begin as early as Monday. The jury will have to decide whether or not to sentence Tsarnaev to life in prison or the death penalty. Warren said Thursday that she doesn't believe he should be sentenced to death. She said she's relieved that Tsarnaev has been found guilty but doesn't support the penalty .
Tate Ricks, nine, was reportedly fishing with his grandmother's boyfriend when their boat was hit by a wake causing it to capsize. He immediately went under water in the St Johns River and the unidentified man with him attempted to save him but could not. The man was able to make it to shore but Ricks was not found. Authorities are using sonar and thermal imaging .
Marshall County Board voted last week to send a bill for $76,000 to former US Rep Aaron Schock. Schock, 33, resigned from the House last month amid an expenses scandal over his lavish lifestyle. County officials estimate each election will run about $38,000. The four-term Congressman's campaign fund balance is $3.3 million.
The former head of General Electric insisted that it's time to cut out expensive and needless middle management. He said: 'Why should these lazy professors hang out getting fat on money while kids are going broke graduating? 'It's dumb, it's stupid, and it has to broken'
Saturday Night Live poked fun at Hillary Clinton just hours before she is set to announce she is running for president. The show portrayed the former Secretary of State as aggressive and driven, saying things like; 'Citizens, you will elect me' Bill Clinton was also featured in the skit, urging America to elect Hillary so he could be her vice president. She is expected to announce her campaign Sunday.
The family had left a waterfront restaurant Thursday night when their sedan ran off the road alongside a working dock at the Port of Los Angeles, landing upside down in about 30 feet of water. The boy's parents swam to the surface, but the children were stuck in vehicle. They weren't breathing when rescuers brought them up  .
Firm linked to sale of NHS patient data is offering details of eating disorder sufferers for just 12p a head. It has also offered to supply names of those suffering from stress, hair loss, dandruff, impotence and snoring. Details of dieters and those who have had plastic surgery appear on the list of data for sale. The revelations have prompted probes by the Information Commissioner’s Office and the Direct Marketing Commission. A third investigation has been launched by the General Pharmaceutical council into Pharmacy2U, the UK's biggest online pharmacy. The Mail has this week exposed companies that have secretly sold private financial and medical information without proper checks. Such data is a goldmine for unscrupulous firms and criminals – who can use it to target vulnerable individuals and scam them over the phone.
Vicky Pryce, 62, spent two months in prison for perverting the course of justice for taking Chris Huhne's speeding points. She has now written a book about life in women's prisons and says women should be 'as independent as you possibly can' Admits she never baked cakes for her children and would often be late for parties .
Documents reveal the shocking details of the case that saw a couple return to Australia with a baby girl while leaving her twin brother behind. Australian government officials had full knowledge of the startling ordeal, according to documents obtained by the ABC. FOI documents reportedly show staff at the Australian High Commission in India and Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade were aware the couple was from New South Wales  .
A bill passed in the Kansas legislature would make it illegal for welfare recipients to spend their government-supplied stipends on alcohol, tobacco and pornography. Swimming pools, jewelry and lingerie stores, psychics, nail salons, massage parlors, bars and theme parks would also be banned. Republican Gov. Sam Brownback is expected to sign the bill.
The bodies of three women and two women were discovered in a northern suburb of Phoenix, Arizona on Thursday afternoon. Police believe Driss Diaeddinn, 50, bought a semi-automatic handgun and shot his brothers and sister-in-law before taking his own life. His wife and two children, aged three and 10 months, were able to escape.
The Grand Canyon Skywalk is nearly 4,000ft above the floor of the Grand Canyon in Arizona. Pulpit Rock, Forsand, Norway, has a flat top that provides a setting for the ultimate selfie at 1,982ft. Hong Kong's Victoria Peak is accessible by tram and bus.
Leah Rogers and Ryan Flanaghan were selling a range of toys at a car boot sale in Bude, Cornwall. They spotted a rare purple Princess Diana Di Beanie Baby at another seller's stall and bought it for £10. Bear turned out to be one of just 100 made around the world for Princess of Wales Memorial Trust. They are now selling it on eBay with a starting bid of £20,000.
13-year-old Stephanie wanted to send a message to her astronaut father while he was in space. She enlisted the help of car manufacturer Hyundai to make the earth drawing. 11 cars wrote the message on the land in Nevada’s Delamar Dry Lake using coordinates and a helicopter using a helicopter   .
Rand Paul sparred with TODAY host Savannah Guthrie about his past foreign policy positions on Iran, aid to Israel and defense spending on Wednesday. 'Why don't we let me explain instead of talking over me, OK?' he griped. 'No, no, you've editorialized,' he said when Guthrie asked him if he had changed his views. Paul, a libertarian-leaning Kentucky senator, launched his presidential campaign Tuesday in Louisville, Kentucky. 'He's got miles to go before his ability catches up to his ambition,' said a liberal spokesman.
Raymond Laing was jailed for two-and-a-half years for drink-driving, assault and dangerous driving causing injury in 2010. He has been convicted 26 times for drink driving, and 31 times for driving while disqualified. Laing will walk free on May 15 after three years behind bars.
Shannah Kennedy and Lyndall Mitchell are teaching their Masterclass of Wellness: The Boardroom Retreat to CEOs and executives across Australia. They teach skills such as dealing with stress, being aware of trains of thought, and accumulative mindfulness. The pair's workshops are being taught to professionals in the banking, business and retail sector. They have three decades of life coaching experience.
Police raided the house of John Koepke, in Wittmann, Arizona and found 54 dogs and 18 cats living in disgusting conditions. One of the cats was found nursing a set of three young Chihuahua puppies in a box. Many of the animals seized appeared to be suffering with medical problems .
Taylor Alesana, 16, of Fallbrook, California took her own life on April 2 after being bullied because she was transgender. The North County LGBTQ Resource Center said the young woman did not have the support she needed from her school and adults, and sometimes was forced to dress as a boy. 'With few adults to turn to, and with no support from herSchool, her life became too difficult,' the group said. She is the second transgender teen who sought services at the center to die by suicide since March. The White House released a statement last year after a 17-year-old transgender teen walked into oncoming traffic in Ohio .
Louisa Steckenreuter, 35, was diagnosed with Osteosarcoma, a rare form of cancer last year. The mother-of-two has undergone eight rounds of intravenous chemotherapy. She turned to a new drug, Keytruda, to help fight off the deadly disease. Her doctors believe it may help her, but the drawback is the medication costs $6000 a month and is not subsidised .
The 17,000-square-foot estate in Vail Valley, Colorado, was built in 2008 by Dick Rothkopf, a former toy company chief. It took two years, a team of engineers and $1 million to build the 1.5-mile driveway from the roadway to its front door. The property, known as 'Il Podere', means 'family homestead' in Italian, has eight bedrooms and eight full bathrooms .
Michael Easy, 29, from Southampton, Hampshire, went on the run in 2013 after attacking a woman at a party. He sparked a nationwide police manhunt and posted photos of himself on Facebook posing in a wig and sunglasses. He was jailed for 15 months after assaulting his former girlfriend when she was pregnant with his child. He has now been jailed for breaching a restraining order again.
Kathy Ferreiro, 21, has been dubbed the 'Cuban Kim Kardashian' by the Miami fashion crowd. The Miami-based Latina is well known for strutting her stuff on the region's balmy beaches and loves to pose for selfies .
Leo Schofield, 79, claimed living in Tasmania was the unhappiest time of his life. He moved to Hobart to set up a Baroque music festival in what he claims was an attempt to help Tasmanians take advantage of the state's grand heritage. He decided to relocate back to New South Wales after the Tasmanian Government cut the festivals funding by 25 per cent   .
The former Obama administration official endorsed gay marriage in 2013 after she left the State Department, saying she 'was fully in support of gay marriage' Now a presidential candidate, Clinton today gave same-sex marriage her complete backing ahead of the presentation later this month of oral arguments in several cases before the Supreme Court on the matter. The shift puts Clinton's views in line with the Obama administration's Justice Department, which in January 'committed to ensuring that the benefits of marriage are available as broadly as possible'
Shah Jahah Khan, 62, and Muslim convert Ibrahim Anderson, 38, both from Luton, each deny one charge of inviting support for a banned organisation. The pair are accused of setting up a stall on London's Oxford Street and handing out ISIS propaganda leaflets. Both pleaded not guilty to terror offences today .
Florida mailman Doug Hughes, 61, landed his gyro-copter on the West Front lawn of the US Capitol on Wednesday afternoon. House Homeland Security Chairman Michael McCaul revealed that Capitol authorities were prepared to open fire on the craft if it got any closer to the speaker's balcony. Hughes claims he informed the Secret Service and Capitol police of his potentially lethal stunt into the no-fly zone, which was designed to draw attention to campaign finance reform and government corruption. NORAD reported that they did not scramble any assets and were not informed of the flight until it had landed. Hughes was promptly arrested by police and FBI teams moved in quickly afterwards.
The eight-year-old girl who died in a horrific accident in New South Wales has been identified as Piper. She was in the car with her two brothers, her mother and grandmother when the accident happened. The young girl's grandmother, Helen Boddy, was also in the vehicle at the time of the accident on Saturday. Two boys, aged nine and 12, were airlifted to The Children's Hospital at Westmead in a critical condition .
The number of jobless Americans in their 20s armed with a four-year or advanced degree rose to 12.4per cent last year. Engineering and business majors have the most chance on landing a job in today's competitive market  .
Todd Larson, 55, said he had parked his collectible Dodge Challenger worth $30,000 in the driveway of his Taylorsville, Utah home on March 25 when an ice chunk crashed onto his car. He said the FAA did an investigation and found an A1 aircraft that matched within two minutes of the time the incident happened .
Nigel Jackson, 59, was arrested at his country home in Alvor, near Portimao, in the Algarve, in January. Body of his wife Brenda Davidson, 72, was found in a shallow grave in the garden of their home. He initially claimed she had committed suicide after being diagnosed with ovarian and thyroid cancer  .
The 76sq ft hideaway is based near the tiny Hampshire hamlet of Newgrounds, near Godshill. It is made entirely from timber imported from Norway and has 141,000 acres of forest surrounding it. The property was built in 2004 by the owners of the next door home who needed a place to stay.
Italian astronaut Samantha Cristoforetti wore the uniform on Friday. Together with Nasa astronaut Terry Virts she captured the spacecraft. On board it had 4,000lbs of supplies - including a coffee machine. It will remain at the ISS for a month before returning to Earth. It is the California-based SpaceX company's seventh station supply run since 2012, all from Cape Canaveral. The ISS has now been in space for more than 5,900 days, during which time it has completed more than 92,000 orbits of Earth. This mission carried with it a treat for the astronauts - a specially designed machine called the ISSPresso. It uses a 'capsule system' to fill plastic pouches with espresso.
The septum ring isn't a new trend - the process of piercing the wall between the two nostrils has been done for years. It was a coming-of-age ritual for some North American tribes - the boys would be given the ring .
The money is paid to some 5.2million workers in the form of tax credits and other benefits. Total amount of benefits paid to staff at some companies exceeds what firms pay in corporation tax, says Citizens UK.
Soloman Bygraves, 29, was jailed for 30 months for mugging 93-year-old Stanley Evans in Soho, London . CCTV footage showed him following Mr Evans into the communal entrance of his block of flats. He offered to help him with his shopping but instead snatched his wallet and knocked him to the ground . Mr Evans said he wanted his attacker locked up for a 'long time' to protect the public  .
Nick Clegg wants existing phone appointments extended so doctors can see patients on video calls. Lib Dems also want repeat prescriptions and booking appointments to be made available online in drive to create 'paperless'
Jacob Church, 21, and Joe Tobin, 29, were at an art exhibition at a former bank building in Cardiff. They were locked in the vault when the door shut behind them at 1am on Saturday morning. Fire crews used heavy drills to drill through the thick concrete walls to save them. The pair were fed water through a tube to prevent dehydration .
Research focused on POMC neurons, which are a structure called the hypothalamus. They send and receive signals to regulate appetite. When they are absent, or not working properly, animals and humans grow dangerously obese .
Patricia Jannuzzi was put on administrative leave last month and was asked to disable her Facebook page when her comments drew wide publicity, in part after school alumnus Scott Lyons wrote a critical letter that was shared online by Thelma & Louise star Susan Sarandon. Monsignor Seamus Brennan, pastor of the Church of the Immaculate Conception, said in the letter that Catholic teachers should communicate the faith in 'a way that is positive and never hurtful' . He cited her 'otherwise good reputation' as a factor.
Shayna Hubers, 24, has been charged with murder in the October 12, 2012, shooting death of her lawyer boyfriend, 29-year-old Ryan Poston. Police say Hubers shot Poston six times inside his Highland Heights, Ohio, condominium. Hubers claimed she was acting in self-defense because Poston was shoving and hitting her, but in an interview with police she was quoted as telling a detective she gave Posten 'the nose job he wanted' . 'I shot him enough times to kill him,’ she said, ‘so that he wouldn't suffer... He was laying there, twitching and making noises, and I shot him in the head'
The Duke of Kent, 79, was admitted to Aberdeen Royal Infirmary on Easter Monday. He was staying at the Queen's private residence in Royal Deeside, Aberdeenshire, on Saturday. Buckingham Palace said he had been 'successfully' treated for a dislocated hip.
Jarret Stoll, 32, is the longtime boyfriend of Dancing With The Stars host Erin Andrews, 36. He was arrested on suspicion of possession of cocaine and MDMA at the Wet Republic pool at the MGM Grand Hotel shortly before 5pm on Friday. Stoll was previously in the news for non-sports related reasons in 2013 when he was rushed to the hospital after having a seizure at his home in Hermosa Beach, California.
Shane O'Byrne and wife Jaimie received the fine after they took their newborn baby Cristabelle out for the first time. In the process of getting out of the car the ticket they had bought fell on the floor just underneath the driver's seat. The couple explained to the authorities what had happened but were not let off the fine. The row escalated from an initial £25 fine to bailiffs knocking on their door and demanding £400.
Loretta Reinholdt, 54, and Andy Wasinger, 46, were on their second day into a trip from Belize to the Honduran island of Roatan when they were attacked. Four men with guns and knives boarded the sailboat and took all of their money. The pirates pushed the boat to the shoreline of a remote beach, cut the main sail and tore out the engine wire, leaving the couple and their captain stranded for four days before they were rescued by hikers .
Leon Yeaman, 55, was allegedly killed by a single punch in the head from Phillip Pama, 28, during a row in front of their north Brisbane homes. Pama's defence lawyer said Mr Yeaman was known for getting drunk, playing loud music and yelling .
Lisa McElroy, a 50-year-old Drexel professor, appeared on the show in 2010 while it was still hosted my Meredith Vieira. She got tripped up on the $12,500 level after flying through the first few questions. The mother of two shared an anecdote with Vieira about having to scramble to find a babysitter for her kids and someone to teach her class after learning she was to appear .
Two raiders stripped off their tops before attempting to rob the Esso petrol station in Caterham, Surrey. They forced their way into the manager's office and were ransacking the room looking for cash. Police have released CCTV images of the men.
Boy, known only as Hanghang, was using the old handset as an alarm when he woke up. He said the phone felt hot and then blew up in his face.
A monster crocodile has been caught devouring a one metre long lizard in one bite at a Northern Territory river. The hungry fresh water crocodile swallowed the lizard whole at the Mary River near Pine Creek. The incident comes just a month after a 4.38 metre croc was caught eating dogs .
Incumbent Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel celebrated Tuesday night a hard-fought victory in a tense run-off race against challenger Jesus 'Chuy' Garcia. Emanuel, a former White House chief of staff notorious for his brusque management style, was forced to campaign furiously across the city to beat Cook County Commissioner Garcia after failing to capture a majority against four other candidates in a February election .
Four-month-old girl airlifted to Royal Children's Hospital in Melbourne with life-threatening head injuries. Police say car crashed through a fence and into the front bedroom of the Breakwater house. Driver allegedly failed to negotiate a roundabout just after 8.30pm on Sunday. The driver was left bloodied after the man allegedly hit him with a broken fence.
Dr Fredric Brandt, a celebrity plastic surgeon, was found hanged in his home on Easter Sunday morning. Friends claim he was upset by his portrayal in Tina Fey's new TV show The Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt. Martin Short plays Dr Franff, a white-haired cosmetologist with fillers in his face, who is lampooned in the show. Brandt's friends claim he identified the resemblance and laughed it off, but others say he was 'definitely hurt' by the portrayal. The doctor, who suffered from depression, spent his Saturday nights at home injecting himself in fillers. Police report reveals Brandt was suffering suicidal tendencies for just 10 days before he killed himself, according to a friend  .
Bishop Robert Finn, 62, offered his resignation under the code of canon law that allows bishops to resign early for illness or some 'grave' reason that makes them unfit for office. Finn got into trouble after he waited six months before notifying police about the Reverand Shawn Ratigan. Ratigan had a computer containing hundreds of lewd photos of young girls taken in and around churches where he worked .
Brothers Marc and Shanon Parker from Port Canaveral, Florida, have designed and built a fleet of movie-inspired vehicles. Among them are lifelike versions of Batman's Tumbler and Ghostbusters' Ecto-1. They have even made an Optimus Prime truck and a Tron-inspired motorbike .
Cledford Hall, which dates back to 1822, was severely damaged by fire three years ago and its listing was cancelled. It will be knocked down to make way for a 'transit site' with room for nine gipsy families. The mansion's Grade-II listed barn will be converted into 'washing and toilet' facilities and a resident warden.
Never-before-seen images captured by British Reverend Charles Martin King Parsons. He was one of a handful of British Army chaplains who helped liberate Bergen-Belsen in 1945. Images were uncovered by his great-grandson Tom Marshall, 27, in Glasgow.
Rachel Sandridge, 29, from Maryland, was due to undergo the surgery after her weight reached 430lbs. She had to lose weight to qualify for the surgery and then underwent a routine endoscopy. But during the procedure her doctor was concerned at signs of inflammation and took a biopsy.
The Kardashians fended off swooning fans as they entered the Saint James Cathedral in Jerusalem's Old City. Archbishop Aris Shirvanian said the family had arrived for a baptism ceremony.
Cumnock, Errowanbang and Molong in NSW and Wicheproof in Victoria hope the bargain rentals will entice families with young children who can help populate their schools, save the local bus run and keep businesses open. Cumnock resident Christine Weston says the Rent-a-farmhouse initiative brought new life to her town of 280 people near Orange .
Gavin Satterfield, 31, and Assistant Fire Chief William 'Billy' Getzendaner, 34, were suspended by the department's oversight board. They are facing charges of tampering with a witness after allegedly telling a sexual assault victim to stay quiet. Five firefighters and one's girlfriend, who is suspected of videoing the attack, were arrested earlier this week. The victim came forward in late March to report the alleged attack, which he claims took place in January. The board may vote to suspend the entire department at a meeting on Monday.
Aimee West, 24, is said to be in a relationship with Major Paul Draper, 51, a former comrade of the murdered soldier. Major Draper was a mourner at Lee Rigby's funeral two years ago and was a friend of his fiancee. His ex-wife said she was not surprised by his new relationship .
The finding was unveiled in a CBS News report by Susan Spencer on one such company that manufactures them, the Vermont-based Keurig Green Mountain. The company's chief technology officer Kevin Sullivan has said that single-serve coffee has 'found the hidden need - the need that people didn't know they had' 1/3 of homes in the US now reportedly feature single-servedve coffee machines, and the company has made $4.7 billion.
Piper Kulk, 8, and her brother William, 9, were killed in a head-on crash on the NSW Central Coast on Saturday. Their grandmother, Helen Boddy, 54, aqua-planed and swerved into the path of an oncoming ute on a rain-soaked road. Their brother Daniel, 12, and mother Chantelle, 31, were also injured in the crash. Daniel is now in a stable condition in hospital  .
David Cameron will today warn English voters the SNP's new powers could impact their lives. He will call for an annual review of the impact of Scottish policies on the rest of the UK. Tory government would create 'Carlisle Principle' to ensure no 'unforeseen detrimental effect' .
Agnese Klavina, 30, vanished after being driven away from Puerto Banus haunt Aqwa Mist on September 6 last year. Older sister Gunta fought back tears as she described her sister as 'very beautiful' and spoke of despair. Property developer's son Westley Capper, 37, and pal Craig Porter, 33, were summoned to court on Monday in nearby Marbella.
With just 23 days to go, the 2015 general election looks to be picking up a nickname of its own - the 'selfie election' Conservative MPs were told at the start of the campaign to pose for 'selfies' as often as possible. David Cameron has been seen donning cheesy grins on numerous occasions on the campaign trail.
The man, understood to be a neighbour of the Carriageworks venue at Eveleigh, walked onto the runway while designer Kym Ellery was taking her bow. He covered his ears, wagged his finger, and shouted at a security guard who escorted him from the runway. The show lasted about 15 minutes .
A loo version of the Iron Throne was built by a team of Hollywood prop makers for YouTube show Super Fan Builds. The recipient was self-confessed Game Of Thrones geek John Giovanazzi, who is pictured on his new loo at his bar in Glendale.
Andrew O'Clee, 36, was jailed for eight months after admitting bigamy at Chichester Crown Court. His first wife Michelle, 39, found out when she came across a Facebook video of the pair completing ice bucket challenge. The post led her to photos of his second wedding, which she then reported to police. Now a dating profile matching his description has been found on a dating site  .
Diana’s final wishes for the disposal of her £21.4 million estate are among a vast archive of wills dating back to 1858 now available to view online. Those of Winston Churchill and George Orwell can also be seen at the Iron Mountain facility in Birmingham  .
Cobbles on the road will be lifted from their current place and cut in half before being relaid again. Bristol Floating Harbour dates back to May 1809 when 83 acres of the tidal River Avon was impounded.
Ella Dawson, a recent graduate of Wesleyan University who resides in New York City, was diagnosed with herpes two years ago and says she's been dropping the 'herpes bomb' about six months after she had her first outbreak. According to the CDC about 17 per cent of people ages 14-19 have genital herpes caused by HSV2. Even having sex with a condom does not protect someone from the highly contagious virus that only needs skin to skin contact.
Post Office asked accountants Second Sight to investigate Horizon IT system in 2012. Many subpostmasters said they had been wrongly accused of theft, fraud and false accounting. Leaked report suggests discrepancies could have been caused by computer failures.
Zeke Celello burst into tears when Hillary Clinton announced her intention to run for president. The two-year-old insisted that 2016 is his year to shine. But the U.S. Constitution does not allow children to hold office.
On Saturday a 29-year-old man was admitted to Bundaberg Hospital suffering from fractures, head injuries and burns. The man claimed to have amnesia and that he could not remember what had happened to him. Police launched their own investigation after observing his injuries at the hospital . The victim was taken to hospital on March 28, with burns to 15 per cent of his body   .
Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, the Islamic Republic's most powerful figure and who has the last say on all state matters, was making his first comments on the interim deal reached last week in the Swiss city of Lausanne. He warned about 'deceptive' intentions of the U.S. in remarks apparently meant to keep hardline loyalists in line. 'Instant annulment of all sanction is one of the demands of our officials,' Khamenei said in a speech broadcast live on state television. But he hedged on whether there will be a deal in place at all by the June 30 deadline.
Ashley Mote, 79, of Binsted, Hampshire, is accused of a string of fraud-related offences. He denies 11 offences alleged to have taken place between November 2004 and July 2010. Some of the money allegedly made from the fraud went towards funding various legal costs .
Mumia Abu-Jamal, 60, was taken to hospital on April 2 after collapsing in the bathroom of the State Correctional Institution at Mahanoy. He was delivered two batches of letters - one from a third grade class in Orange, New Jersey, and another from high school students in the Philadelphia Student Union. The cards have caused outrage and alarm among political commentators, many of whom claim the 60-year-old's illness is a fraud and clamor for attention   .
The lawsuit by Erica Kinsman seeks damages from the former Seminoles quarterback. It was filed two weeks before the April 30 NFL draft. Winston has denied the allegations and prosecutors declined to file charges against him in late 2013. He also was cleared by the university following a two-day student conduct hearing last year   .
Researchers at Stanford University examined the reaction of secondary and primary school teachers in the United States to student race. They found teachers were more likely to view youngsters who they thought were black as troublemakers. This may explain why black children are often disciplined more harshly.
Joy Webb, 17, asked her 80-year-old grandfather James Drain to prom because he never got to attend the dance himself . Drain dropped out of school after the eighth grade and then enlisted in the Navy in 1951 at the age of 17 - just in time to be shipped off to serve in the Korea War . The two went to the dance together.
Dominique Granier suggested putting on a service specifically for Roma in Montpellier, France. He said the 'unbearable' smell was a 'sanitation risk' to everyone on board the bus. His comments were met with horror by local union representative Bernard Gotis.
Loren Mathieson filmed her pet Boston Terrier, Gizmo, performing the gravity-defying stunt. Footage shows him taking a few steps forwards before launching his back legs vertically in the air.
Eric Lee Gates and his adult daughter, Chalena Mae Moody, had asked the appeals court to overturn a decision for the baby to be put in foster care. The baby boy was removed from their care four days after he was born in Oregon last year. In March, Moody, 25, was sentenced to 10 days in jail on the incest charge, but got credit for time already served and did not have to serve any additional days behind bars. She also received 18 months probation.
Of the 200-strong audience, about 58 were Conservative or Ukip supporters. About 102 backed left-leaning parties - Labour, the Lib Dems, SNP, Plaid Cymru or the SNP. When Ukip leader Nigel Farage said they were prejudiced, they only booed him further .
Rescue teams were called to Meadowbank in Sydney's west about 11pm on Wednesday. Firefighters, paramedics and police extracted the man from the hole using ropes and ladders. The man was taken to hospital.
Little girl, who appears to be around six or seven, is shown firing machine gun at ISIS in video. Told man she is 'shooting at Daesh' in Kurdish, the Arabic name for ISIS. She tells him she has killed 400 of the extremists so far, before firing several rounds .
Tank, a 2-year-old bulldog from Iowa won Drake University's 36th annual 'Beautiful Bulldog' contest Sunday. The tongue-in-cheek beauty pageant, which featured 50 dogs, is the kickoff event for the Drake Relays track meet. Tank will now serve as mascot of this year's track meet  .
California-based Wings of Rescue or South Carolina-based Pilots N Paws recruit pilots to volunteer their planes, fuel and time. The two non-profits say their concept has been a roaring success with the numbers increasing year-on-year. States such as California, Georgia and South Carolina typically have too many dogs in shelters, while Florida needs more pets.
Locals from the island of Kudahuvadhoo in the Maldives reported witnessing 'a low-flying jumbo jet' on the morning of March 8 last year. The reports come as acoustic scientists refuse to rule out the possibility that 'distinctive' data they recorded from the area at the assumed time of the crash may have come from the impact of the aircraft as it hit the Indian Ocean. Malaysian Airlines flight MH370 disappeared while travelling from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing with 239 people on board. The search for the missing plane has focused on 60,000 square kilometres of deep ocean off the coast of Western Australia .
Michael Shepard, 35, allegedly molested at least seven children in Pinellas Park, Florida, within 18 months of his release. Police say he conned parents into letting him babysit their children and lure them to his 'hideout' in the woods. His youngest alleged victim is five-years-old and he raped her .
Kat Lee's desperate plea on Facebook has gone viral as she appeals for witnesses to come forward. She shared images of her son following surgery for his broken jaw in two places and fractured cheekbone. A group of five, including four teenagers and an adult, attacked her son over money owed for a hot dog .
Shaun Ingram booked his Ford Focus ST in for a major service and MOT at Halfords Autocentre in Plymouth last month. But when he went to collect his car he was shocked to discover a mechanic had taken it for a spin . His dashcam recorded footage of it being driven at 57mph in a 30mph zone . The mechanic has since been removed from his role .
In the first three months of the year, 434,775 people waited longer than four hours in hospital emergency wards. Over the past year, more than 1.4 million people were forced to wait longer than the target time. It is now 89 weeks since hospital A&Es met their waiting targets - the worst on record since 2004.
Julie Creffield, 37, was told she was too fat to run when she was a size 18. She completed a marathon in 2012 and has done numerous races since. Now she's encouraging other women to take up the sport regardless of size and ability. She appeared on This Morning with marathon runner Nell McAndrew to launch the ITV show's Run For Your Life campaign .
Queen Margrethe of Denmark celebrated her 75th birthday on the balcony of the Amalienborg Palace. She was joined by her son and heir, Crown Prince Frederik, 46, his wife Crown Princess Mary, 43, and their four children. Waiting below was an enormous flag-waving crowd who went into raptures as the royals appeared. Other European royals, including Sweden's and Norway's.
The University of Sydney was provided with evidence that its students had ordered 40 assignments from the MyMaster website. But internal emails show just five students have been found guilty of cheating. Chinese-born Yingying Dou, 30, reportedly ran the website which charged up to $1000 per assignment. She reportedly had 100 employees working from a Chinatown office on George Street in Sydney before the website was shut down. Ms Dou has denied knowing anything about the website .
Charity Bite-Back believes as many as one in five Chinese restaurants are selling shark fin soup. Trading standards officers raided restaurant in central London and confiscated illegally imported fins. More than 70 million sharks are killed each year for their fins .
Peter Mutty was caught with two cartons of beer, red wine and white wine in his car. The possession of alcohol is illegal in Saudi Arabia. He was jailed for six months and 75 lashes, but only received 28. He has been unable to leave Saudi Arabia or work as he has a travel ban .
Dr Fredric Brandt, 65, was found hanged in the garage of his Miami mansion on Sunday morning. The cosmetic dermatologist was reportedly upset over his portrayal in Tina Fey's show Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt. The character on the show, Dr Franff, had a high-pitched laugh, a speech impediment and absurd habits like drinking from a surgical bag. His face appears to be a grotesque exaggeration of Brandt's own appearance. Sources close to Brandt said he was 'definitely hurt' by the portrayal. Jeff Richmond, an executive producer and music composer on his wife's show, spoke out today over the death.
Dale and Debra Krein of Rogue River, Oregon, filed a suit in 2012 against neighbors John Updegraff and Karen Szewc. They claimed their lives have been plagued by the noise since the defendants started breeding dogs in 2002. The jury ruled the Tibetan mastiffs should have their vocal chords removed within 60 days, reducing the volume of their bark.
Emily Thornberry has come out against David Cameron's pledge to extend right to buy policy. But eight years ago she and her husband bought a housing association property worth almost £1million. She also owns a £600,000 flat in Guildford, Surrey, and a £572,000 property in Finsbury. Tories say hypocrisy goes right to the heart of Labour Party .
Labour leader Harold Wilson feared working class voters would stay at home and watch the show. He went to the home of BBC Director General Sir Hugh Greene and told him the show could cost him 20 seats. Mr Wilson was leader of the opposition and was seeking to oust the Conservative Prime Minister Alec Douglas Home. The Labour Party won the 1964 election by four seats.
Izzat Ibrahim al-Douri, 72, died in fighting with government troops in Salahuddin province, north of Baghdad. He headed the Naqshbandi Order insurgent group, an important faction behind the rise of ISIS. He was one of Saddam's most trusted henchmen, helping to lead his 1968 bloodless coup. Was deputy to Saddam when he was deposed in 2003.
Emmanuel Sithole was brutally attacked in Alexandra township near Johannesburg, South Africa. He was stabbed repeatedly with knives and beaten with a wrench before being left bleeding to death in a gutter. Doctors tried in vain to save his life as medical centre 300 feet away was closed for the day. Victim's cause of death later established as a direct stab wound to the heart and his identity established from mobile phone found in his pocket.
Wonga's revenues fell by nearly £100million last year to £217.2million, it was announced today. The firm has been hit by new rules on payday lending, as well as being forced to pay compensation to customers. Chairman Andy Haste says the company might ditch its controversial brand in a bid to repair the company's reputation  .
Tokyo researchers have proposed a laser system to attach to the ISS. It would be used to shoot down pieces of debris in Earth orbit. The system would have a range of 62 miles (100km) and could target things less than 0.4 inches (1cm) in size. Powerful pulses from the laser would then push space junk into Earth’s atmosphere, where it would burn up. The paper was published in Acta Astronautica by researchers in Tokyo.
Almost a third of people aged 16-to-34 have deleted their accounts because they no longer see it as 'cool' Trend comes as increasing numbers of older users turn to the social network to stay in touch.
Only 15 per cent of people at university now say they plan to vote to vote Green, down from 28 per cent in February. Since September, proportion of students who dislike Natalie Bennett has doubled to 24 per cent. Labour has been main beneficiary, with 35 per cent now saying they will vote for Ed Miliband, according to survey .
Bobby was performing at the Verizon Theatre in Dallas on Saturday night when he told the stunned audience that 'Bobbi is awake. She's watching me' But TMZ reported on Monday that Whitney Houston's family insists the 22-year-old is not awake and is the same condition she was when she entered the facility. She is still on a vent.
David Cameron will unveil analysis to show Labour and SNP are 'really on the same side' He will show SNP has trooped through lobbies with MPs in 91.5% of Commons divisions since Miliband became Labour leader. Intervention will pile pressure on Labour leader ahead of tonight's TV debate.
Jo Burger, 24, and Ashley King, 23, have known each other since kindergarten. The couple from New Berlin, Illinois, went through high school together but didn't start dating until they were about to part ways.
The 84-year-old cricket commentator Richie Benaud has passed away after a battle with skin cancer. The former leg spinner turned cricket commentating into an art form, earning him the title 'the Voice of Cricket'
A second election swiftly after polling day is 'extremely likely', Professor Paul Whiteley said. He predicted a repeat of the disastrous Left-wing Lib-Lib pact of the 1970s. Other experts also warned that a 'messy and unstable' left-wing alliance was likely.
Change4Life is being run by Public Health England to help address the country's obesity crisis. It is promoting dishes on its website with up to 29g of sugar per serving – about seven teaspoons' worth. Campaign group Action On Sugar calls advice 'disturbing'
Jannik Andersen, a student at the University of Colorado, was hit by the train in Indio, California, on Saturday. He was pronounced dead less than 40 minutes later; police have launched an investigation into the incident. On Monday, friends were paying tribute to the 23-year-old, describing him as a 'genuine' man.
Kendall and Baylee Horton were born with very different skin tones because they are non-identical. Their father, Curtis Martin, is half-Jamaican, while their mother is white. Normally, you would expect both to inherit a mix of black and white genes. But Baylee has inherited a set of genes for white.
A set of wheels broke off the Boeing 737 moments after it touched down at the airport, near Derby. The cargo plane skid along the runway for 380ft before coming to a stop. The captain and co-pilot escaped injury and there were no passengers on board when the left main landing gear detached .
Italian Alex Bellini will live atop an iceberg in Greenland starting next year. He will live inside a contained ball, with no means to escape for 12 months. The capsule will be 10ft (three metres) wide and could fit 10 people - but he will remove all of the seats except one for himself. The aim of the cabin fever-inducing stunt is to highlight how global warming will melt icebergs around the world and cause sea levels to rise. He hopes to begin in November 2016 near Greenland .
Former Staff Sgt. Charlie Linville, 29, from Boise, Idaho, is using a specially designed metal foot outfitted with a climbing boot and another one with crampons in his quest to conquer the 8,850-meter (29,035-foot) summit next month. His quest last year was thwarted following the deaths of 16 Sherpa guides in April, when an avalanche swept down at the base camp .
Voters turned to Google to find out why David Cameron was a no-show at last night's debate. Ed Miliband accused PM of refusing to turn up to answer for his time in government.
Pictures were captured as part of robot's mission to inspect melted fuel in one of the reactors. It was supposed to be able to function for about 10 hours at levels of radiation which would be fatal to humans. But it stalled before it could complete its operation and had to be abandoned.
Waheed Ahmed, 21, is the son of Rochdale Labour councillor Shakil Ahmed. He and eight of his relatives were stopped on the Turkish border with Syria on April 1. They were arrested by Turkish police within walking distance of the border in Reyhanli, Syria. Waheed was deported by Turkish authorities and flown back to Britain on a plane packed with holidaymakers on April 14 .
More than 20 other states have such lists, but the one included by the Republican-dominated Kansas Legislature appears to be the most exhaustive. The taxpayer-funded Temporary Assistance for Needy Families program, currently provides cash payments of up to $497 per month for a family of four. To qualify that family must have an annual household income below $31,525 and assets valued at less than $2,000.
Reality star's 352-page collection of selfies won't be available to the masses until May. Gilt.com offered fans a special pre-sale of copies on Thursday afternoon. The limited edition copies retailed for $60 and came complete with a bikini-clad cover.
Police charged 34-year-old Paul Johnson-Yarosevich of Acton, Maine, on Monday with prohibited use of computer. The investigation started in December after the father of a pre-teen girl told police about the contact. The girl thought she had been communicating via social media with another female student around her age, police said .
Carlos Boente, 33, was serving time at HMP Birmingham for similar harassment offences. He began contacting the 19-year-old woman after getting her number from a cellmate in November 2013. He bombarded her with thousands of texts and calls telling her sob stories about his life. He even sent three men to the home of the woman's aunt and uncle in March.
Daniel Davies gave birth to Harley at nearly 12lb following an eight hour labour. Shocked midwives were so surprised they had to weigh him twice. Harley already fits into clothes designed for babies aged three to six months and is in size two .
Oratilwe Hlongwane, whose DJ name is AJ, is still learning to put together words but is already able to play music from a laptop. His capabilities have earned him special appearances and sponsorship deals with fans desperate to hear him .
Former deputy prime minister John Prescott defends Prince Charles over 'black spider' memos. He said the future King has 'a lot to offer this country' and should 'write as many damn letters as he likes' Lord Prescott published extracts from two letters he received from the Prince .
Michelle Keegan, 27, unveils new range for Lipsy on Wednesday. Full of summer dresses embellished with lace and feminine florals. Reveals her top beauty tips for a flawless faux glow .
Me-Bai was sold to provide rides for tourists in Thailand when she was three-and-a-half years old. She didn't see her mother, who also worked in the trade, for three years. She was recently rescued and brought to the Elephant Nature Park sanctuary, in the north of the country. The emotional moment the pair were reunited was captured on camera and posted on YouTube.
Nearly 9,000 reports of child sex abuse were filed to police in 2014, figures reveal . South Yorkshire saw the largest rise in reported cases with 577 per cent increase in five years . But the number of arrests fell by nine per cent, prompting critics to accuse the Government of failing victims . Yvette Cooper said the figures were a 'national scandal'  .
Caron Wyn Jones, father of Welsh First Minister Carwyn Jones, underwent a hip operation at a private clinic. He paid because Welsh NHS could not perform the operation soon enough - and he was keen to get it done before holiday. Mr Jones snr., 76, said his son opposed his decision to pay for the operation .
Angelina Santini from San Diego, California, filmed her nine-month-old son Marcus getting carried away in his bouncer one day. Four years later he plays guitar.
Work at the Dome of the Rock was simply meant to replace carpet worn away by thousands of pilgrims. But when old carpet was lifted, it revealed previously undocumented ancient floor designs. They could point to where the gold-cased Ark of the Covenant was buried 2,500 years ago. Scholars are furious they did not get the chance to document the designs before workmen began laying the new carpet  .
Shaneah Jenkins, the girlfriend of Odin Lloyd, sat across the aisle from her sister and Aaron Hernandez's fiancée, Shayanna Jenkins, in the Massachusetts court on Wednesday. The sisters, who grew up together in Bristol, Connecticut, were close until Hernandez's murder of Lloyd left them on opposite sides of a murder trial. The once-close sisters have not spoken since it became clear that Hernandez had a role in Lloyd's brutal death. Hernandez was sentenced to life in prison without chance of parole .
Patricia Ebel, 49, was driving her 10-year-old grandson home after a day at the pool on Friday. She crashed her BMW 5-Series into a car that was stopped at an intersection in Naples, Florida. Ebel was captured on video staggering as she failed all field-sobriety tests .
Rhodri Giggs, 37, was found guilty of driving a Mercedes C200 without insurance on October 14 last year. The former player-manager of Salford City lost his licence under the 'totting-up' procedure. He was banned from driving for six months, fined £110 and ordered to pay £85 costs .
Faith Myers, 14, from Nebraska, was filmed by her mother as she woke in bed still 'high' from the procedure's anesthesia. Footage shows her being quizzed about what she would like to eat.
Lynne Abraham, 74, collapsed on stage 10 minutes into Tuesday night's hour-long debate between Democratic candidates for Philadelphia mayor. Abraham allegedly suffered a momentary drop in blood pressure and sat out the rest of the debate. The former Philadelphia District Attorney said she was 'embarrassed' but that the incident won't impact her campaign  .
Elijah Overcomer, 26, left Gloriavale with his wife, Rosanna, 29, and their three children in late March 2013. The commune is nestled on the banks of Lake Haupiri on New Zealand's west coast. Residents wear blue uniforms and birth control is non-existent. The family were 'blown away' by the kindness and support shown to them by churches in Christchurch and Timaru .
A grand jury charged Durst with possession of a firearm by a felon, and possession of both a firearm and an illegal drug: 5 ounces of marijuana. His arrest related to those charges has kept Durst from being extradited to Los Angeles, where he's charged in the December 2000 death of longtime friend Susan Berman. He has waived extradition in that case.
Linda Hogan purchased the 23.63-acre property for $3.5 million a year after she divorced the WWE Hall of Famer in 2009. Called Villa di Montagna, the compound encompasses a hilltop near the 16th and 17th tees at the gated Wood Ranch Golf & Country Club community. Built in 2005, the Tuscan-style mansion has five bedrooms and 5.5 baths . It enjoys stunning 360-degree views of the golf course, surrounding mountains and the valley  .
The senior advisers provided the first preview of the message Clinton planned to convey when she launches her long-anticipated campaign on Sunday. The strategy described by Clinton's advisers has echoes of Obama's 2012 re-election campaign. He framed the choice for voters as between Democrats focused on the middle class and Republicans .
Alex Impey says he receives 20 new requests for help each week at his hemp store, Gnostic Hemporium, on the NSW Central Coast, north of Sydney. The father-of-two says he is selling marijuana to help those suffering from serious illness. Parents of children with serious illnesses are being taught how to grow their own marijuana crops, such as Larisa.
A new report has revealed that Russian hackers launched a cyber-attack against White House's unclassified computer network last year. The hackers reportedly accessed President Obama's non-public schedule, which is considered highly sensitive information. The White House acknowledged that there had been suspicious activity on its unclassified network serving the executive office in October 2014 .
Supermarket chain Aldi have a running flash sale in stores from tomorrow (Thursday) with trainers available for £19.99. Supermarket chain say their running range is 'high spec' as they keep costs down by stocking their own products. Femail writer Lucy Waterlow tested out £130 adidas Ultra Boost trainers against Aldi pair .
Director Gareth Edwards revealed a glimpse of the first Star Wars spin-off Rogue One at the Star Wars Celebration convention in Anaheim, California, on Sunday. The film will follow a band of resistance fighters who unite to steal the Death Star plans and 'bring a new hope' . Gareth is due to start work on the film this summer for a December 2016 release, starring Felicity Jones .
When Duke of Wellington defeated and killed Tipu Sultan, the Tiger of Mysore, in 1799, troops plundered the city and the palace. They returned to Britain with gold, jewellery, arms, armour, clothing and even Tipu's grand throne. The items were collected over 30 years.
The couple, who are in their 30s, were convicted of noise pollution and harassment in 2009. Neighbours described the wails of passion as 'deafening' and said it kept them and their children awake. The man was sentenced to four months in prison in 2011, and his fiancée given a noise abatement order.
UFO researcher Scott Waring says he has spotted an extra-terrestrial spacecraft in a 55-year-old photo from Nasa's Mercury Project. Image was taken by unmanned space probe Mercury-Redstone 1A on December 19, 1960.
Michael Buckley, 60, died after being hit by a shopping trolley at Marks & Spencer in 2012. Melanie Serita Buck, 33, from Bromley, is accused of killing the frail widower with her trolley. Court heard she became frustrated because food aisles were 'gridlocked' with Christmas shoppers. She denies manslaughter and alternative charge of GBH.
A California appeals court ruled yoga classes taught at Capri Elementary School in Encinitas do not violate students' right to religious freedom. The district is believed to be the first in the country to have full-time yoga teachers at all schools.
Abdul Hadi Arwani, 48, was found dead in his black Volkswagen Passat in Wembley on April 7. Jamaican businessman Leslie Cooper, 36, has already appeared in court charged with his murder. Burnell Mitchell, 61, arrested this week on suspicion of terror offences.
Sheree Morgan, 25, and younger sister Sophie, 21, allowed their bank accounts to be used to accept stolen money. Victims were conned out of over £36,000 over the telephone by a fraudster posing as a policeman. Sheree recruited ex-boyfriend Daniel Webster, 23, and her mother Justine Davies, 44, to use their accounts. All admitted money laundering but escaped jail after insisting they did not know.
Jemma Peacock, 31, suffers from a rare form of stomach cancer and is currently taking three drugs to prolong her life. The third and most effective drug - regorafenib - costs the NHS around £1,000 a week to provide. The drug has been removed from the health service's approved list of treatments  .
Restaurants serving domestic cats are springing up across northern Vietnam, despite laws against eating the animals. 'Baby tiger' is an expensive 'delicacy' sold as a delicacy known as 'baby tiger' in Asia. Meat is so popular cats are being stolen to order from the street and homes across Vietnam. Smuggled across the border in tightly-packed trucks from neighbouring China and Laos.
Violet Pietrok, from Portland, Oregon, was born with frontonasal dysplasia, a congenital malformation that widened her facial features. Plastic surgeon Dr. John Meara of Boston Children's Hospital spent months preparing for Violet's surgery with molds of her skull that were made using a 3D printer to reshape her face .
No Man's Land Fort is one of three forts guarding the entrance to the Solent, just off the coast of the Isle of Wight. Luxury hotel is set to open on April 23 and can sleep 44 guests with a capacity of 200 for parties and events  .
When tracking began in 2008 roughly 14per cent of citizens were uninsured, peaking at 18per cent in the third quarter of 2013. For the first three months of this year the rate dropped to 11.9per cent. The uninsured rate lowest since Gallup and Healthways began tracking in 2008.
Three-quarters of parents whose children are over 18 still have at least one child living with them. But only 42 per cent charge their children rent - with many admitting they feel too guilty to ask. Debt organisations warn parents to ask children.
A number of online retailers stock the offending garments, which feature phrases such as 'I heart my stalker' and 'Some people call it stalking. I call it love!' According to the Suzy Lamplugh Trust, the T-shirts mock a serious issue which affects one in six women and puts victims at higher risk of attack.
More than 160 melon-headed whales washed onto two beaches at Hokota city, north-east of Tokyo. Officials are still investigating what caused the whales to become stranded on the beaches. However, social media has been ablaze with rumours of an impending earthquake. Experts have dismissed the claims as being 'unscientific' .
Jeremy Trentelman, 36, of Ogden, Utah, built a giant box fort for his son and daughter last week. City code enforcement officials have told him to take it down because it is 'waste material or junk' Family will leave it up for maximum of 14 days .
Britney E. Montenegro, 20, was charged with disorderly conduct in Orlando, Florida, early Saturday after getting involved in a fight. She was arrested covered in blood, but police say it was not her own. The fight involved 'multiple individuals' .
The average Australian sheds the equivalent of a 50 gram packet of chips every week in dry skin. Dust mites are the number one cause of allergies in Australian homes and may be the reason why you have a runny nose or watery eyes. Average Australian breathes 22,000 times a day and draws 12,000 litres of air a day.
Tony Degrafreed, of Indianapolis, Indiana, has been charged with murder for allegedly beating to death wife Rebecca, 47, at their home on July 20, 2014. He was convicted of murder in 1995 and sentenced to 30 years in prison, but served less than half of that sentence. Prosecutors filed the request on Monday, for life without the chance of parole for him .
Miliband will warn supporters that Labour faces coming to power in a 'time of scarcity' He will insist a Labour government would ‘cut the deficit every year’ and have national debt falling ‘as soon as possible’, though he will not set.
Abiotic methane is created by chemical reactions in the crust beneath the seafloor. It is 20 times more effective in trapping heat than carbon dioxide. One reservoir was recently discovered on the ultraslow spreading Knipovich ridge, in the deep Fram Strait of the Arctic Ocean. Scientists don't believe climate.
Martina Levato, 23, and her German boyfriend Alexander Boettcher, 30, wanted to 'purge' her previous relationships, court heard. They planned to throw 'corrosive liquid' at men she had previously been linked to, it was claimed. The 23-year-old also tried to castrate a man's genitals while in his car in May 2014, prosecutors alleged, a court heard .
Gavin Munro grows trees directly into moulds, pruning and guiding the branches into shape before grafting them together to form ultra-tough joints. The 39-year-old designer has already created several prototype pieces using this method.
It is the historic site where King John sealed the Magna Carta to establish the rule of law. But just a few hundred yards from the famous setting at Runnymede in Surrey, dozens of anarchists have made their squalid home in a litter-strewn shanty town. The Queen will visit the site in June.
A 56-year-old man was taken to hospital with head injuries after the collapse in Holborn, central London. Hundreds of staff at the Royal Courts of Justice and London School of Economics were evacuated again today. Workers fled for their lives after the fifth, fourth and third floors of the six-storey structure collapsed. It is just yards from where an underground cable fire ripped through Holborn on April 1 costing local firms £40million.
Morbidly obese Rochelle Coulson suffers from sleep apnoea - a condition often linked to obesity. The 21-year-old, who put on 13 stone in four years by eating through 'boredom', has not worked for five years. She says she would be a 'danger' in the workplace because she falls asleep unexpectedly. Doctors have now warned her she needs to lose weight to cure her condition - but she says she needs a state-funded support worker to write her meal plans. WARNING: GRAPHIC .
Michelle Woods, from Teesside, was told by her daughter Elisha Mann that 'something was moving' in the bath. When she went to check what was there, she came face-to-face with a four-foot red and orange corn snake .
Canadian expat Lisa Webb sent her vegetable-phobic three-year-old daughter to school in France in 2009. She was shocked to find rôti de boeuf and cordon bleu de dinde on the menu for toddlers - dishes she was used to eating .
Good Morning Britain's #SelfieEsteem campaign launched today. Female stars including Nancy Dell'Olio, Josie Gibson, Jamelia and Susanna Reid took part. Survey found women take an average of six selfies before posting one online. Men take four, such is the pressure to look their best.
Gonzalo Ramirez, 24, had been pointed out by a Southern California college student as her rapist in April 1995. His blindfolded, bloodied body was found on the side of an Irvine, California road having suffered 30 blows with a meat cleaver. Gianni Van, 45, is accused of killing Ramirez as revenge for raping his on-and-off girlfriend Norma Esparza. Prosecutors say Van was enraged after his ex-girlfriend told him Ramirez had raped her and he must be held responsible for the attack. Van's lawyer said his client had no knowledge of the plan to harm Ramirez and was threatened that he would suffer a similar fate if he snitched on a friend and friend's employee.
Unnamed man was sprinting ahead of the animal in Teulada, a small coastal town on Spain's Costa Blanca. But the angry animal sent him sprawling to the floor before hitting him with one of its horns .
A national driving survey analysed the travel habits of 3700 Australian families. Four in five families use technology to deal with bored children, giving them a hand held computer game, like an iPad. Another 70 per cent said they give their kids treats to sweeten the ride. Almost 20 per cent of NSW families use a more extreme technique  .
Volvo teamed up with a Swedish start-up to make a light reflective spray for cyclists called Life Paint. It contains powder-fine reflective particles designed to react to a car’s headlights. In the dark it reflects light in the same direction as the light source to alert drivers to cyclists in the dark. Can be applied to clothes, helmets, pushchairs, dog leads and even bikes. A trial began in London bike shops on 2 April to gauge public interest and 2,000 cans were given away free.
Mike Fregoe and his family built the snowman in January, when it grew to be more than 9-feet tall. The snowman's height has fluctuated as late winter storms have continued to dump snow even into March . The family started a Facebook page asking for 'snownations' to keep their beloved Frosty alive  .
The 42-year-old mother-of-two, who founded popular lifestyle wesbite Goop, posted a picture of her $29 grocery shop on her Twitter account, showcasing a variety of healthy options.
The three dogs – a Husky called Sky, a brown and white Springer Spaniel called Sadie and a black andwhite Springer Spani called Marshall – take their positions on a make-shift stage.
Marion 'Suge' Knight has been rushed to hospital for an unspecified medical emergency after a judge ruled on Thursday that he will stand trial on murder and attempted-murder charges. The former rap music mogul struck two men with his pickup truck in January, killing one and seriously injuring the other. Judge Ronald Coen made the ruling on Thursday after concluding a hearing that focused heavily on testimony from Cle 'Bone' Sloan, who was hit outside a Compton burger stand .
University of Manchester researchers have revealed an HD dark matter map. It shows clumps of mystery particles across 0.4 per cent of the sky. Red here shows more dark matter, and blue shows less. The goal is to eventually map 12.5 per cent over five years. And the map should allow astronomers to study how galaxies formed in the universe. It was created using data captured by the Dark Energy Camera, a 570-megapixel imaging device. The survey uses the 13ft (four metres) Victor M. Blanco Telescope.
MailOnline caught up with the world's most extravagant 18 to 26-year-olds who travel by private jet, private jet and yacht. The Rich Kids of Instagram travel to Miami, New York, Marbella and Monaco to name but a few cities before indulging in their stratospheric nightlife during Spring Break in Los Angeles .
Alaska Airlines flight 448 from Seattle to Los Angeles returned to Seattle 14 minutes into flight. Pilot and passengers in first class heard screaming and banging from beneath aircraft. Cargo hold where handler was trapped is temperature controlled and pressurized. He was not in danger of freezing or running out of oxygen .
International Monetary Fund predicts the UK economy will grow by 2.7% this year and 2.3% in 2016. Low oil prices are expected to help bolster steady growth in the UK. It comes as inflation remains at zero per cent, with food and fuel prices down sharply year on year. George Osborne says it is 'proof our economic plan is working' .
Chancellor repeatedly ducked questions about exactly how the massive cash boost would be paid for. Mr Osborne said it would come from the Conservatives’ ‘balanced plan’ for the economy. But he declined to go into further detail .
Charlotte Carr and Helen Padarin have spoken out in defence of Pete Evans' decision to release Bubba Yum Yum: The Paleo Way independently. The cookbook was dumped by publishers Pan Macmillan after it was revealed that one of the recipes included liver and bone broth. The pair said they are 'confident' about the changes they have made to the book since it was branded with major health warnings. The book will be released online.
Craig Stoner, 24, Darren Smalley, 35, Joshua Finbow, 23, and Simon Radford, 31, each charged with one count of sexual assault. Alleged incident took place at a military base in Shearwater, near Halifax, Nova Scotia, where Canada's Atlantic Fleet based.
David Atherton, 65, was about to put his pie and chips in the oven when he spotted the snake. He scooped up the reptile and placed it in a plastic food recycling box before alerting police. RSPCA officers came to collect the snake and it has been given a temporary home.
Sharmeena Begum, 15, was raised by her uncle Shamim Miah, a devout Muslim and former religious scholar. He encouraged her to pray each dawn before classes at Bethnal Green Academy in Tower Hamlets. He blames the airport authorities, police and her school for letting Sharmeena flee the country last December, flying from Gatwick to Turkey.
Andy and Kim Murray wed at Dunblane Cathedral on Saturday in front of 3,000 well-wishers. Couple wrote in guest book of Cromlix House Hotel to thank staff for their hard work around the top-secret event and signed as 'Andy'
Friday saw hottest day of the year so far with 21.9C (71.4F) observed at St James's Park in London. Met Office has predicted warmer-than-average temperatures for April, May and June. But winds of more than 75mph were recorded in north Wales today, and snow was also reported to have fallen on high ground in northern England. Tomorrow will be dry for most areas.
Replica of the warship that carried France's Marquis de Lafayette set sail for the United States on Saturday. Lafayette crossed the Atlantic on the original Hermione in 1780 to tell his friend George Washington that France was sending a strong military force to help them. French President Francois Hollande paid a brief visit to the ship, which was due to set sail later in the day in southwestern France .
Pretty Little Liars' Shay Mitchell's Instagram is more than just photos of her A-list friends. Julie Falconer's A Lady in London showcases the best of the English capital in all of its glory. The Blonde Gypsy travels the Balkan Balkans.
The video was apparently filmed by a supporter at the Green Man pub in Wembley ahead of Arsenal's FA Cup semi-final win over Reading. The footage appears to show a homophobic chant aimed at Ashley Cole, who left Arsenal for Chelsea in 2006.
The Hobart International Airport website was hacked and defaced with a statement supporting the radical Islamist group ISIS. Tasmania Police are investigating and have been monitoring activity at the airport. Customers are advised to visit airline websites for flight information .
Paula McKay's daughter Natasha, 24, was born 10 weeks prematurely by C-section at Sharoe Green Hospital in Preston. Staff failed to ventilate her properly, causing severe brain damage and she was starved of oxygen. When she became pregnant with her second child, Patrick, staff failed to monitor her condition and failed to spot his heart rate was low. Patrick, now 22, was also left brain-damaged and with cerebral palsy as a result. Ms McKay has won £13 million in compensation, a £7 million care package for her daughter and £6 million for her son.
Biologists at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem in Israel studied the cephlopods movement. Found that the orientation of the creature's body and the crawling direction are controlled independently in the brain. Findings could help develop soft robots.
Islamic extremists drove cars to a mosque in remote village of Kwajafa in Borno state. They told locals they were there to teach Islam but opened fire using handguns and assault rifles. The jihadis then set fire to nearby houses that were filled with unsuspecting families. Pictures show teenagers being encouraged to draw pictures of attacks.
It is a common misconception that we need less sleep as we get older - in fact we need just as much. Older people find it harder to reach a deeper sleep - but they still need as much as those without dementia. Avoid catnapping during the day.
Tania Watts is likely to see Anjie Galsworthy at Becky's funeral, as she was stepmother to the 16-year-old. Becky vanished from her father's family home in Crown Hill, Bristol, on February 19. Police discovered her body parts at a house in Barton Hill on March 2 and charged her stepbrother Nathan Matthews with murder.
Mangu Ram, 82, was 14 when he fled Pakistan-controlled Kashmir as a refugee in 1947. He is one of 100,000 West Pakistan Refugees living in India's only Muslim-majority state of Jammu and Kashmir. They are unable to own property or vote in state elections. Now Hindu nationalist party has won share of power in state vote.
Sarah Harper was in a relationship with Christopher Lane, 22, when he was gunned down while visiting in the city of Duncan, Oklahoma in August 2013. He was born in Melbourne, Australia, but was in the United States on a baseball scholarship when 17-year-old Chancey Allen Luna allegedly murdered him. Luna's mother, Jennifer, claims her son did not mean to kill Lane 'on purpose' and claims he is innocent. Luna faces life in prison either with or without the possibility of parole.
Niamh Geaney, 26, and Karen Branigan, 29, found their 'twin stranger' through a social media campaign. Just last month, retired priest Neil Richardson, 69, moved to Braintree, Essex, to find his doppelgänger. John Jemison, 74, is a former head teacher who looks exactly like Mr Richardson. Now three similar cases have been revealed in the UK .
Vet Nick Fisher, 31, from Leintwardine, Shropshire, said his dog Twiglet was left behaving strangely after swallowing the substance. Dog had dilated pupils and bloodshot eyes after eating.
Atlanta-based writer Alex Gray, 27, admitted that he once made excuses for his gluttonous habits, which included trips to drive-through restaurants up to four times a day. It wasn't until an obese friend 'unveiled a shockingly svelte silhouette' that he changed.
Lib Dem leader tells children he was better at languages and art when he was at school. Will use manifesto launch to promise a 'stronger economy and a fairer society' Accuses Tories of wanting to embark on unnecessarily deep cuts.
Tony Blair name-checked Ed Miliband only once, devoting his speech instead to his own achievements. The dashing Shadow Business Secretary is being mentored by Lord Mandelson, the former Blairite Cabinet minister. The programme for the dinner was littered with errors and even misspelt Chuka Umunna's name .
Cui Hongfang, 73, hit the back of her head on a corner of the stone wall after the collision. Police have ruled the tragedy an accident, although they are still investigating the circumstances of her death.
Last year, the RSPCA alone took in 1,500 horses, many of them former family pets. Many people are unable to afford the minimum £3,000 cost per year to keep a horse and can't afford it.
Naomi Jacobs had Transient Global Amnesia, a form of memory loss brought on by stress. Woke up one morning in unrecognisable surroundings and thought she was 15 years old. Thought it was 1992, John Major was prime minister and she was about to sit GCSE.
Aerial images show intense recent Chinese construction over seven reefs and shoals in the Spratly archipelago of the South China Sea. The Philippines voiced alarm about Chinese 'aggressiveness' in the area as it launched the Balikatan 2015 joint Philippines and US military exercises. Philippine President Benigno. Aquino said China's actions could lead to conflict.
Sarah, 23, appeared on the Jeremy Kyle Show after her mother told her Phil wasn't her real father. She was devastated to find out the man she's known as her father for 23 years is not in fact her father. The pair went on the show to get the results of a DNA test.
Hedione - derived from the Greek word 'hedone', for fun, pleasure, lust - has a fresh jasmine-magnolia scent. Christian Dior fragrance, Eau Savage, was the first to use it in 1966, and it has since found its way into other fragrances such as Chamade.
Elizabeth Jane Howard amassed a spectacular collection of ancient jewellery during her lifetime. Among them are pieces up to 3,500 years old and are expected to fetch up to £20,000 at auction. She was the second wife of Lucky Jim author Kingsley Amis and the pair married in 1965. She died in 2014 aged 90 aged 90.
Nick Woodman, 39, clinched the title after being granted 4.5 million restricted stock units. Slumped to second place, Chenerie Energy's Houston-based chief executive Charif Souki was valued at $281 million  .
Two adults and four children pictured riding on the same motorbike in San Miguel de Tucuman, Argentina. A man was pictured holding the handlebars of the bike while three young children straddled the petrol tank in front of him and behind him.
Justin D. Smith, 18, and Efrain Diaz, 20, have been charged with murder and robbery in the death of University of Kentucky junior Jonathan Krueger. The two men appeared in court Monday via video link from jail and pleaded not guilty to the charges. The 22-year-old was shot dead in the early morning hours of Friday. Police are calling it a robbery that turned deadly. Preliminary hearings are scheduled for May 7 .
This photograph was taken in Kanagawa prefecture, Japan - 'nearby some samurai tombs', apparently - late last year. The Reddit user who posted it online insisted it was 'not photoshopped' and that paranormal forces could be at work. Another conspirator suggested they could be combat boots from the World War II era. Photo was taken at Murphy's Hole which is the same location 13-year-old Doreen O'Sullivan drowned in 1915 .
Melanie and Vanessa Iris Roy decided to each carry a child one year apart in order to start their new family. They took photos at each stage of their respective pregnancies, recording when their first child, a son Jax, was born followed by their daughter Ero, a year later. The couple then uploaded the images to Instagram and they went viral.
Kevin O'Connor closed the shop for eight days after comments by him and his daughter, Crystal, to a local television station supporting a new religious objections law. The law, which has since been revised, sparked a boycott of Indiana. A crowdfunding campaign started by supporters raised more than $842,000 with donations from 29,160 contributors in 48 hours. The 61-year-old father of eight who has owned the restaurant for nine years said he never thought about taking the money and retiring. The restaurant reopened about 4 p.m. Thursday  .
Barcelona-based booking platform ByHours.com allows users to organise stays of three, six and 12 hours. 25 hotels in the capital have already signed up to the service. The company's objective is to acquire more hotels in London during the next few months.
John Helinski, 62, spent three years living in a cardboard box at a bus stop in Tampa Bay, Florida. He then tried to apply for a place at a homeless shelter, but all of his ID was stolen. A cop and a case manager then looked into his past and found an old bank account with money and social security benefits .
Recorder Philip Cattan, 65, from Cheshire was seen to fall asleep during the rape trial of John Quingley. A retrial had to be ordered and the child had to give evidence for a second time. The cost of the abandoned trial and the retrial is believed to have cost.
Alice Dreger attended the class at East Lansing High School, Michigan, after her son asked her to sit in on it so she could hear what was going on first-hand. She began furiously tweeting out the contents of the lesson, which was filled with horror stories about what happened to people who have pre-marital sex. The tweets went viral .
Michelle Knight appeared at the Cleveland Rape Crisis Center's Faces of Change Luncheon on Wednesday. Said her healing process has been 'to overcome and flourish and rise above all that' Was signing copies of her book, Finding Me: A Decade of Darkness, a Life Reclaimed, after the event, when she revealed to readers that she does has a boyfriend. Revealed she has recorded a song called Survivor, which she says will be released in May. Also revealed she is learning to play the piano   .
Canadian duo Mitchell Moffit and Greg Brown, from Toronto, present online science show AsapSCIENCE on YouTube. They discuss how being the first, middle, youngest, or only child affects us. First-born children are expected to be higher academic achievers and more mature. Middle children tend to be more co-operative, flexible and sociable. Last-borns are charming and confident, they say .
A cloud formation resembling the Wi-Fi symbol appeared recently in the sky of Xiangtan city in Hunan Province. The global symbol has one dot and three curved lines radiating from it in central China.
Kestrel and barn owl repeatedly lunged at each other while trying to gain mastery of the box. The fight was captured on video by wildlife photographer Robert Fuller.
10,000 women a year in the UK are affected by the debilitating hyperemesis gravidarum (HG) Condition causes constant vomiting, crippling weakness and dehydration. Study looked at 312 children born to 203 mothers with HG between 2007 and 2011.
Kyli Wilfson, now 29, was 26 when she first started experiencing agonizing pain in her stomach in October 2012. Doctors initially thought she had acute pancreatitis, a condition that would 'resolve itself' in a matter of days. But the pain continued to return every time she tried to eat, leaving her unable to eat for a year and a half. She was eventually diagnosed with chronic pancreatitis in January 2014.
Asabi Barner, 37, is suing Black Ink tattoo parlor in Harlem, New York City for a chest tattoo that left her scarred and in pain. Barner says she went to the parlor after watching the shop's reality show, Black Ink Crew, on VH1 .
Veronica ‘Roni’ Gonzalez and her fiance Ely Alba Gonzalez were returning from their engagement party. They had stopped on Interstate 30 to help victims of an earlier incident. Four were killed instantly in the collision. Of the 13 people injured, one later died in hospital from their wounds. Two young children travelling with them survived the incident.
P-22 was found by workers installing a security system in the Los Feliz neighborhood on Monday. The cougar, known as P-22, has made his home in the crawlspace under the house. Workers have tried to get him to move out - including firing tennis balls and beanbags. But he has so far refused to move .
Diane James, Ukip’s Justice Spokesman, praised Russian President Vladimir Putin's nationalist credentials. She argued he was forced into invading Ukraine because of the European Union. Ukip leader Nigel Farage sparked a row last year when he hailed Putin as a 'brilliant operator' for his stance on Syria.
Studies that surveyed personnel found 'major misconceptions' within special operations about whether women should be brought into the male-only jobs. They also revealed concerns that department leaders would 'capitulate to political pressure, allowing erosion of training standards,' according to one document. The studies are part of the Pentagon's effort to open all military combat positions to women or provide reasons why any jobs should remain closed.
'Our Planet' will focus on the Earth's last wilderness areas and the animals living there. The eight-part series will take four years to make and is planned for a 2019 debut for Netflix.
Some of the earliest holiday snaps of the Chinese capital were taken between 1900 and 1911 during the Qing dynasty. Black and white photos show locals and foreigners posing at the Temple of Heaven, standing next to giant statues at the Western Qing Tombs and riding on boats at the Summer Palace.
Rodrigo de Freitas lake is set to host the Olympic rowing and canoeing events during next year's Games. Over the past week, thousands of fish have died and have been scooped out of the water. More than 37 tons have been collected, but there is still an overwhelming stench coming from the lake. Rower and Olympic hopeful Felipe Xavier said: 'I have to come train but these dead fish bother us'
Flakka is a synthetic version of the stimulant cathinone, the same type of chemical used to make bath salts. Users have nicknamed the drug '$5 insanity' because hits often cost less than $10. Flakka resembles a mix of crack cocaine and meth  .
Photographs show teenagers and people in their early 20s kissing in public, drinking alcohol and living openly gay lifestyles. Some of those pictured are even seen wearing clothing adorned with the Stars and Stripes. Young people represent the largest societal bloc in Iran, with over 63 per cent of the population aged under 30.
Andrés Iniesta's vineyard in Castilla-La Mancha can be rented out on Airbnb for €125 (£90) a night. Stay comes with a guided tour of the vineyard and wine-making lessons. One bathroom and one bedroom .
Shiba the dog uses his nose and paw to open a sliding glass window and greet visitors. Visitors have travelled from as far away as England and Taiwan to say hello to the seven-year-old dog.
Michelle Keegan, 27, unveils new range for Lipsy in full. Shows off summer dresses embellished with lace and feminine florals in new shoot. Reveals her top beauty tips to FEMAIL.
Maurice Van Ryn has pleaded guilty to 12 sex offences, including persistent sexual abuse of a child. One of his victims told Sydney's District Court on Monday that she is scared for her future relationships. The young woman, who cannot be named, said when he abused her as a child she didn't know it was wrong .
Esa’s Rosetta spacecraft has captured stunning images of a dust jet erupting from comet 67P Churyumov-Gerasimenko. The first image was taken at 7:13am BST on 12 March, and the second was taken two minutes later. The jet is unusual because it is erupted from the dark underside of the comet, whereas such activity had only been seen on the day side so far .
Four-month-old Roscoe was caught on camera this week at the Asheville Humane Society in North Carolina. The rescue pup was born with a deformity which caused his front to legs to be bent backwards at the knees. He was forced to crawl around on his joints .
The signs feature portraits of Clinton with phrases including 'Dont Say Secretive' and 'Don't Say Ambitious' The street art appears to be a dig at a group of Clinton supporters who said it would be on the look out for evidence of sexism in reporting about the Democratic politician. Following Clinton's announcement on Sunday, a hashtag on Twitter also began trending called #WhyImNotV
Archie Brown Jr struck and killed a 2-year-old who ran in front of his van in Milwaukee, Wisconsin Sunday evening. The driver remained at the scene and stayed in his van while police arrived. Before officers could show up, someone opened fire - shooting the driver in the head and killing him.
Reddit has placed a clickable button next to a 60-second timer on its r/thebutton thread. When The Button is clicked, the timer resets and it is not yet known what happens when the clock reaches zero. More than 730,285 Reddit users have pressed The Button since the site launched the thread on April Fool's Day. Only people who registered on the site before 1 April are eligible to click The Button. When they do they are awarded a colour, known as a 'flair,' with a number  .
Retired Lt Col Richard 'Dick' Cole, 99, gave the medal to the museum's director in a ceremony at the museum attended by military and political officials. The medal, awarded by Congress earlier in the week, arrived in a ceremonial B-25 flight. Three Raiders have died since their 70th anniversary reunion at museum.
David Potchen, 53, robbed a bank in Merrillville, Indiana, and waited for police to arrive so he could go back to prison. He had served 12 and a half years in prison for a 2000 bank robbery and was making $8.29 an hour in prison. Now he has a job as a welder and is staying out of trouble after receiving help.
Helen Flanagan, 24, revealed she was pregnant with Scott Sinclair's child in December 2014. The Coronation street actress has changed her style dramatically since then. Kate Middleton is the queen of the buttoned-up maternity look  .
Robert Charles Bates, 73, shot and killed Eric Courtney Harris in Tulsa, Oklahoma. Harris, 44, was allegedly trying to buy drugs and a gun from undercover officers. Bates, a reserve deputy, accidentally pulled out his service weapon instead of the stun gun, it has been claimed  .
David King, 70, from Newham, east London, retired to Normandy 15 years ago. His body was found by sniffer dogs last week in picturesque hamlet of Pierres, south-west of Caen. An unnamed 28-year-old Frenchman has been charged with murder.
Group of yobs sang and swore their way from Glasgow to Alicante on a Jet2 flight last Friday. Witnesses said the group drank heavily, abused fellow passengers and airline staff. Spanish police were called by cabin crew to escort one of the party off the aircraft when it arrived in Spain on Friday morning .
Dale Cregan is on hunger strike for the second time in a bid to be moved to a secure psychiatric hospital. The 31-year-old was reportedly transferred to solitary confinement in HMP Manchester a month ago. He is hoping to be transferred to Ashworth Hospital, a high-security psychiatric unit. Cregan was jailed for life after shooting police officers Fiona Bone and Nicola Hughes.
Anna Broom, 33, from Gillingham, Kent, has not worked since the age of 19. The jobless 33-year-old has claimed more than £100,000 in benefits since 2001 when she was 19 . She wants a 'fairy-tale church wedding and a party in a castle' as well as a honeymoon in Mexico, paid for by the taxpayer  .
Anna and Indi have been surfing since they were just 10 weeks old. The border collies use their low centre of gravity to keep them stable while hanging ten. They have been thrilling crowds at competitions for dogs in Queensland, Australia.
Ruslan Bazarov, 28, suffered pelvic injuries and a broken leg when the truck overtook him on the St Petersburg ring road. He was taking part in the first 100 kilometre ride of the season of the Baltic Star club when the incident happened on the motorway .
Pet owners admit they spend hours watching the box with their animals and even leave it on when they are out to keep them company. Owners of a micro pig let their pet watch four hours of shows per day - or 28 hours a week -  .
James May said Top Gear viewers who sent threatening tweets to Sue Perkins should 'kill themselves' He quickly clarified: 'Obviously I don't actually want people to kill themselves but we don't want them'
A third of 10-11 year olds and more than a fifth of 4-5 year olds in England are overweight or obese. Repeated prescriptions before the age of two also raised the odds of being a fat toddler, study found.
The 13th century castle in the Dordogne, France has just been placed on the market for £703,400. The 14-bedroom home also features 14 bathrooms and its very own suit of armour . The hill-top castle sits on 46 hectares of land and was refurbished in the 19th century and again in 2002  .
Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson has admitted that a gyro-copter flew 80 miles undetected and under the radar from Gettysburg, Pennsylvania to the lawn of the US Capitol on Wednesday. The pilot, Florida postal worker Doug Hughes, was interviewed by the Secret Service almost two years ago. Johnson said his first reaction on hearing of the incident was to ask, 'What's a gyrocopter?' The tiny, open-air aircraft landed without injuries to anyone, but the incident raises questions about how someone could be allowed to fly so far.
Around 50 obese pupils at Jianxin Primary School, in eastern China, are being put through their paces. The lessons are named after the Dreamworks film of the same name in which an overweight panda becomes a kung fu master  .
Prince William will take two-hour hospital dash to be at his wife's side when she goes into labour. Royal staff have already ruled out using a helicopter to transport him back to London. He could even risk missing the birth if their second child arrives more quickly than expected. The Duchess of Cambridge will largely be based at their London home Kensington Palace.
The FDA has ruled that KIND bars are not as kind on the body as they purport to be. Investigators found that a number of flavors were labeled 'healthy' - brimming with fiber, protein and antioxidants. But upon closer inspection, it was found that 'none of the products met the requirements to make claims'
Intruder arrested after climbing into the grounds of the President's home at 10.25pm. Unnamed person in custody in Washington DC and charges are pending. It is the latest in a string of embarrassing security breaches in Washington.
Find Boston Bombers was set up by Chris Ryves, known as 'oops777', after the 2013 Boston Marathon bombings. Reddit users posted images and videos of crowds of spectators at the high-profile event. They then used the thread to theorize about the suspect/suspects' identities, based on their demographics. Their claims even led to Sunil Tripathi, a Brown University student who was missing, being wrongly identified as the bomber. Now, Ryves has told of his regrets about the thread - which he says nearly became 'its own beast' - in a new documentary. The Thread will be released on iTunes on Monday .
Labour has previously confidently predicted that the Coalition's austerity programme would see unemployment and crime soar. But, in each case, the opposite has happened - and party's leader was challenged over whether this called into question judgment. Labour leader rejected statistics on how situation in all three cases had improved .
Top Gear Live looked like it may face the axe following Clarkson's hotel fracas with producer. BBC decided not to renew his contract and cancelled what remained of the latest series of Top Gear. But presenter and corporation have reached an agreement over the remaining live shows at the O2 in London.
Asif Malik, 31, his partner Sara Kiran, 29, and their four children have been arrested in Ankara, Turkey. Family of six have been missing from their home in Slough, Berkshire, since April 7. They were caught on CCTV boarding a ferry from Dover to Calais, France, on April 8. Police fear they may have been trying to get to Syria in a bid to escape to Syria .
BM Mini has produced concept smart specs to give drivers super-human powers in the car. The Augmented Vision goggles will go on show at the Auto Shanghai show. They generate ‘screens’ showing information that only the wearer can see. For example, the goggles can project navigation information with arrows onto the roads. They can also show speed limits and even point out local landmarks, as well as landmarks.
Neil Killham, a 32-year-old software engineer from Manchester, has made his own version of the trifle. It features sponge, jam, custard, lamb, peas, onions, whipped cream and whipped cream. He said it looked respectable until he cut into it - and tasted terrible.
Patrick and Valerie Jubb are attempting to sell the four-bedroom property in Jimena de la Frontera, southern Spain. The couple say they have done nothing wrong but face losing the estate over illegal additions made by a previous owner in 1994 .
Robert F Kennedy Jr spoke at a screening of the documentary Trace Amounts in Sacramento, California on Tuesday. The film purports that there is a connection between thimerosal - a chemical found in several childhood vaccines - and a rise in autism among American children - despite the scientific community dismissing it.
U.S. envoy Mark Lippert said if North Korea improves its human rights record it will be rewarded with prosperity. North's Committee for the Peaceful Reunification of Korea said remarks were proof that Washington was intent on hostility. The North frequently rails at the United States, the South's biggest ally.
Kym Ackerman saw the son of God in an x-ray of one of her left-side molars when she went for a dental check-up in Flagstaff, Arizona. The dentist didn't find any cavities.
Almost half of those with severe allergies live in daily fear of suffering a potentially fatal reaction. Two-thirds don't know how to use an adrenaline pen which can save the lives of those suffering a severe allergic reaction known as anaphylaxis.
Tom Moffatt, 27, was meant to ink 'Riley' - the name of his four-year-old son - into his left arm. But instead of the letter 'L', Mr Moffatt started needling the letter P - and had to urgently 'scribble' over it. NHS worker was drunk at the time of the botched tattoo.
Spain's Queen Letizia attended a conference for rare childhood diseases in Barcelona. The 42-year-old wore a striking white tailored suit with nude patent Mary-Janes and a woven clutch. Attended opening of science museum .
Demetri Nelson, 27, allegedly broke into a 53-year-old woman's home in South Carolina and demanded money. He told her to give him a ride to a Manning Avenue home, where he then told the woman to get into the trunk of the car. Nelson couldn't drive the car because of the manual transmission, however, and the woman used the emergency trunk latch to escape. Nelson still had his victim's keys in his pocket when he was arrested Tuesday, several hours after the kidnapping attempt .
Hamdi Ulukaya was once a Turkish immigrant with dreams of making it big in the U.S. food industry. His American-born ex, Dr. Ayse Giray, sued him in 2012 on claims her family lent him $500,000 that helped make his dreams a reality. On April 10, after years of wrangling and a pronouncement by Giray's camp just last month that the parties were no where near an agreement, he settled for an unknown sum .
Ellie, 10, and Taylor Biggin, five, lost their eight-year-old brother Harvey last year to a mystery illness. They decided to donate all their eggs to the patients at Sheffield Children's Hospital. Kind strangers began to send eggs after posting on Facebook.
Sally Jones, 45, ran away from her home in Chatham, Kent, to wage jihad with toyboy husband in Raqqa, Syria. Mother-of-two, who lives on benefits in UK, was lead guitarist in female punk band Krunch in the early 1990s. Slicky-edited video appears to show her leading al-Khanssaa Brigade - the all-women contingent set up by ISIS - in hate-filled chanting session.
Mitzi Neyens, 77, was the last link in a chain of 34 kidney transplants that linked strangers from San Diego to Boston who have loved ones in need with patients desperately in need of a transplant. Neyen received a kidney after her husband Bill gave his kidney to a patient in need. The National Kidney Registry's paired exchange program saved 32 lives .
World's joint third-largest cruise ship, the Anthem of the Seas, has just arrived in Southampton, UK. The ship's naming ceremony will take place on April 20 at the 101 at Southampton Docks. 80,000 people are expected to travel on board this summer.
Alaa Abdullah Esayed, from south London, posted 45,600 tweets in less than a year. The 22-year-old posted 127 messages a day to her 8,534 followers between June 1 2013 and May 14 2014. She pleaded guilty at the Old Bailey to encouraging terrorism and disseminating terrorist publications. The Iraqi national could face up to 14 years in prison for the offences  .
A 'blob' of warm water 2,000 miles across is sitting in the Pacific Ocean. Since last June it has extended from Alaska to Mexico. It has been present since 2013 and has been causing fish to seek shelter elsewhere. And a new University of Washington study says it could be responsible for droughts. California's drought is one of the worst on record, while the East coast of the US has seen unusually cold temperatures. It is also having an effect on marine life and could be a sign of warmer weather to come.
Robert Kushner lost his varsity coaching job at the Jack M. Barrack Hebrew Academy after testifying this week about his years selling marijuana. He told jurors Tuesday that some of the undercover officers on trial had stolen $81,000 in cash and 7 pounds of marijuana from him during a 2007 arrest. Kushner had passed a background check in 2010.
Al Qaida fighters clashed briefly with members of one of Yemen's largest brigades outside Mukalla. The militants then seized control of the Riyan airport and moved to secure their hold on the city's main sea port.
Karine Cyr recorded the confrontation on Sunday as she was vacationing with her husband Alexandre Hermenier and their two children. Manuel Delisle, the man accused of the road rage incident, has pleaded not guilty to armed assault on Tuesday. Cyr said that Delisle was driving recklessly and cut them off so her husband followed the driver to record his license plate number. The two cars ended up in a dead end road and that's when Delisle allegedly threatened them with a chainsaw .
Andre Cole, 52, became the third convicted killer put to death this year in Missouri. He was executed by lethal injection at 10.15pm on Tuesday at the Eastern Reception, Diagnostic and Correctional Center in Bonne Terre, Missouri. His fate was sealed after the U.S. Supreme Court turned down several appeals, including one claiming Cole was mentally ill and unfit for execution .
Harrowing details revealed in SBS Dateline documentary Human Harvest: China's Organ Trafficking. Documentary charted eight year investigation in to multi-billion pound 'organs-on-demand' transplant programme. Just 37 people are registered organ donors in China, even though country has second highest rate of transplants in the world.
New Zealand photographer Amos Chapple travelled the world during the 18 months between 2012 and 2014 with a quadcopter in his backpack. It was easier to take aerial pictures using a drone when it was legal to do so. Restrictive laws and regulations have been implemented across the world due to privacy concerns, commercial rights and worries about damage to property or crashes with other aircraft.
David King, 70, had not been seen for six months in picturesque hamlet of Pierres, south west of Caen. He retired there from his job as an engineer in Britain some 15 years ago. Neighbour, 28, in custody after police found his body in well .
Winnie Harlow, 19, suffers from vitiligo, the same rare skin condition that singer Michael Jackson was diagnosed with. The pair attended a launch event for Popular magazine on Tuesday night.
Stewart said he was looking forward to not having to watch the 'relentless' 24-hour news networks anymore. The comedian said he didn't have many regrets from his time hosting the show, but one was not pushing Donald Rumsfeld harder when he had the chance. Comedy Central announced last month that Trevor Noah would be taking over .
There is an insufficient supply of whooping cough vaccine in Australia, according to Queensland Health. Medical professionals insist the resource shortage will not affect the immunisation programs for babies, children and pregnant women . It comes less than a month after the death of 32-day-old Riley Hughes who died after contracting the disease. His parents Catherine and Greg are now leading a campaign urging adults to vaccinate themselves and their children to prevent more infant deaths.
Doctor John Parker was taken to Westmead Hospital in Sydney's west for treatment about midday on Saturday. The humanitarian doctor had been working at an Ebola treatment clinic in Sierra Leone since November last year. NSW Health has confirmed Dr Parker does not have Ebola and that no further testing for the virus is required at this stage .
Ukip leader called on Conservatives to vote tactically for him in seats where they cannot win. He said he has already held informal discussions with Tories about potential post-election arrangements. Farage dropped his demand that the Tories ditch Cameron before any post election deal. Ukip has reduced its list of targets to just ten seats.
Raymond Handley, 62, jailed for 13-and-a-half years for sexually assaulting eight-year-old girl . His daughter Becky, 20, discovered his crimes after reading about them in a local newspaper article. She said her father deserves the death penalty rather than a prison term. Miss Handley now wants to change her name via deed poll  .
Rihanna is one of a growing number of celebrities who are ditching their bras. Rita Ora and Nicole Scherzinger both left the bra at home when attending A-List parties recently . Scroll here for more .
The action-packed photographs were captured by Roger Byng, 67, on the Wetlands surrounding the Severn estuary in Slimbridge, Gloucester. The fox only came away with a single feather from his prey.
Nathan Priestley, 21, from Norwich, Norfolk, was once dubbed 'Jabba the Hutt' by bullies. He was just 18 when he took an overdose of 30 pills, but survived because he hadn't taken enough. After his suicide attempt, he made the decision to stop wallowing in self-pity and turn his life around .
Judge Olu Stevens was sentencing Gregory Wallace to five years' probation after he and his accomplice, Marquis McAfee, robbed Tommy and Jordan Gray's Louisville home in April 2013. In victim impact statement's prepared for sentencing of Wallace, the couple called for him to be sent to prison and Jordan wrote that her daughter was still 'in constant fear of black men' 'Whenever we are running errands, if we come across a black male, she holds me tight and begs me to leave,' the mother said. Facebook pages have been launched calling for Judge Stevens to be sacked.
Heart patients who expressed gratitude for the positive things in their life had better mental and physical health. Patients who were more grateful had lower markers of inflammation, which can worsen heart failure, according to study.
'It is, I think, worth noting that the Republicans seem to be talking only about me,' she told reporters in the liberal New Hampshire bastion of Keene. 'Hopefully we'll get on to the issues,' she said. Clinton is making her first campaign visit this year to New Hampshire, a state beloved by the Clinton family for giving both her faltering 2008 effort and her husband's 1992 campaign a second wind. She is campaigning for the Democratic nomination.
Llallawavis scagliai was found in a cliff on a beach south of Mar del Plata city in Argentina. It is one of the most complete skeletons of a 'terror bird' - a group of flightless prehistoric meat-eating birds. Scientists used 3D scanning of its skull to examine its hearing ability. They say its hearing was probably below average compared to birds living today  .
The pilot scheme will begin by recruiting 10 people with autism or Asperger syndrome. If successful, the scheme could extend to more vacancies worldwide. Microsoft is running the scheme with support from specialists at Specialisterne .
The I'm Up Alarm can be set to go off the night before and will only turn off if you physically get out of bed to scan a bar code. Each device is paired with a specific QR code that can be printed out and stuck somewhere else in the house.
Harold Henthorn was charged with the murder of second wife, Toni Bertolet, 51, last November. Police have since reopened their investigation into the suspicious death of his first wife, Lynn Rishell, some 20 years earlier. Both women died in 'freak accidents' to which he was the sole witness. Now he is fighting for a $1.5million pay out from a life insurance policy taken out on his second wife. He wants to use the money to pay for the defense in his trial for her murder.
The Mail on Sunday is campaigning to make sure all schools teach basic first-aid techniques. The campaign has support from Schools Minister David Laws, teachers, doctors and leading charities. Shadow Health Secretary Andy Burnham said the issue was ‘close to his heart’ .
Kitten Uno, just three weeks old, and Louie, a full-grown Dalmatian, were together at home in Spokane, Washington, earlier this month  .
William Smith wanted to remind himself of his mother, Alison Overton, following her death from leukaemia. The teenager from Grimsby died in August last year, just four months after seeing his mother succumb to the disease. Coroner Paul Kelly said the teenager had likely not intended to take his life. He recorded a conclusion of misadventure at an inquest into his death.
Up to 150 protesters gathered on Saturday afternoon to rally against van hire company Wicked Campers. The Brisbane-based company came under fire last year after over 120,000 Australians petitioned to have slogans removed from the fleet. The company's CEO John Webb invited those angered to paint over the slogans. Members of the Wicked Pickets protest group have started painting over slogans which they say are offensive .
Mario Valencia took a rifle from a Walmart in Tuscon, Arizona on February 19 and was able to start firing it as soon as he left. This after he demanded bullets from a woman guarding the ammunition case. Police were even told the gun was locked by employees at the store as they pursued him. But just seconds later he began firing into the air and even pointed the weapon at an officer at one point .
Actress Patsy Kensit says the Duchess of Cambridge is 'our generation's suffragette' First time the Duchess has been hailed as a feminist icon. Duchess is famous for her charity work but not for feminism.
One million men are now actively choosing to work part-time as they become more involved in childcare or retire gradually. There are now 1.02million men in the UK who have opted to work reduced hours, compared to 4.58million women .
John Potter, from Savannah, has admitted forging the picture with his brother in the 1980s. He placed it in a frame which now holds a picture of his dead dog. In 1986 he fibbed that he was at a yard sale when he found the photograph in an antique frame. He then passed it on to historical groups.
Heavyweights Balla Gaye 2 and Eumeu Sene competed in the crunch match dubbed 'Le Choc' at Demba Diop Stadium in Dakar. After a brutal and closely fought encounter under the hot sun, the burly Sene emerged victorious . WARNING: GRAPHIC.
94,872 residents and 42,424 employees live within the tsunami hazard zones of Washington, Oregon and California. Also in danger are 486 public venues, 440 dependent care facilities and 2,314 businesses with a 'significant customer presence' Seventy-seven percent of the communities lying in the risk zone are equipped with the kind of geography and location to allow them the 15 to 25 minutes required for successful evacuation after a large-magnitude earthquake.
Sophie, Countess of Wessex, Princess Beatrice and Autumn Phillips joined the Queen at St George's Chapel at Windsor Castle. Lady Louise Windsor, the countess’ 11-year-old daughter, made up the four royal ladies . The Queen and Prince Philip were joined by the rest of royal family as they attended a traditional Easter Sunday service  .
Police have identified 25 people who claim Labour peer attacked them and each could claim for up to £100,000. One man has already instructed lawyers to sue him and Leicestershire County Council for damages. Several of those who claim to have been sexually abused say Janner got to them through paedophile Frank Beck. Beck was manager of Leicester children's homes .
Qantas could be fined £20,000 for every time A380 flights arrive late at Heathrow. The Australian airline could also lose their eight landing strips at the busy airport. Qantas have slipped to 75 out of 80 airlines that use the English tarmac  .
Bryan Morseman, 29, of Bath, New York, started his streak at the Montgomery Marathon in Alabama on March 14. He ran the Tobacco Road Marathon in Cary, North Carolina, the next morning and the Yeungling Shamrock Marathon in Virginia Beach a week later. In total, the full-time precious metal clerk earned $5,750 in winnings from the races last month .
Former PM claims he is 'absolutely not' in 'the league of the super-rich' in interview with Newsweek magazine. Insists he has left British politics behind and is now more interested in working at a 'global level' He earns millions of pounds a year from his consultancy roles and charges fees of £250,000 for public speaking .
Father has pleaded for the government to legalise medical cannabis. His daughter is battling a rare form of cancer called neuroblastoma and has a 50 per cent survival rate. The 32-year-old Cairns man was charged with administering a dangerous drug to a minor. He has been unable to see his daughter as she is not in the hospital  .
Shae-Lee Shackleford, 28, Lana Kington, 25, Madison Lloyd, 27, appeared on The Ellen Show and Good Morning America this week. Their original video of themselves miming along to Bohemian Rhapsody went viral in March. Their follow-up, 'Mime Through Time,' has been viewed 260 million.
President Barack Obama and his wife, Michelle, paid more than $93,000 in federal taxes last year on adjusted gross income of $477,000. Their effective tax rate was 19.6 percent. The Obamas donated nearly 15 percent of their income to charity .
Melissa Borg left her Baulkham Hills home in north-west Sydney at 7:30am on Thursday in her school uniform. The Year 9 student never made it to class at The Hills Sports High School in Seven Hills. Her father found no sign of her when he returned home from work and reported her missing. Castle Hill Police are investigating her disappearance.
Alexandra Harra, 28, is a life coach and author of The Karma Queens' Guide to Relationships. Has been dubbed 'The Romanian Kim Kardashian' after appearing on the cover of Playboy Romania. Recently dyed her hair black to look more like the reality star .
People with damage to the right sagittal stratum in the right hemisphere of the brain are unable to detect sarcasm. Stroke survivors often suffer damage to this area of their brain and struggle to recognise when family and friends are being sarcastic. Sarcasm is well known as a complex form of communication as it requires the listener to understand the literal meaning of what someone is saying   .
Marine Le Pen has blocked her father Jean-Marie's return to the National Front party. She accused him of trying to sabotage her party's efforts to move into the political mainstream. Tensions escalated last week after he defended his previous comments describing Nazi gas chambers as a 'detail of history' . WARNING: GRAPHIC.
Gonville and Caius College, Cambridge, beat Magdalen College, Oxford in final of University Challenge. Law student Ted Loveday answered 10 starter questions in last round of BBC quiz show. Viewers took to the internet to express admiration.
The newest generation of beauty products will be personalised to meet your needs. Eyeko London's new Bespoke Mascara comes in dozens of brush shapes. Skincare brand Jennifer Young offers customised moisturisers and toners .
Designer Eason Chow, 25, from Singapore, found inspiration from sugar-coated sweets in gumball machines. Droops coffee pods will cost around £4 for a pack of 20 and the machine will cost £80.
Rebecca Francis, a grandmother-of-nine, won Extreme Huntress reality TV show in 2010. Gervais tweeted picture of her lying next to a dead giraffe and smiling. Message was retweeted thousands of times - with some calling it a 'special kind of psychopathy' But Francis is a proud advocate for the sport .
The move is an apparent attempt to delay the trial of 57-year-old Jane Laut in the 2009 killing of Dave Laut. It came after a judge denied for the third time a request to delay trial. Laut had been free on bail but was rearrested in the court hallway after the hearing. Her attorney Ron Bamieh called the prosecution's move 'unprofessional'
Senators voted 19-0 to give the White House some of, but not all of its asks, and left in a signature feature of the bill giving Congress the authority to approve a final deal with Iran. It now goes to the full Senate, where it is could pass with a veto-proof majority of more than 66 lawmakers. The House's top vote counter on Monday said lawmakers in the lower chamber would also take up the bill after their colleagues in the Senate finished the voting process. The White House had said as recently as yesterday that the president would 'absolutely' veto as written.
Three flights into Heathrow were diverted over the weekend. BA denied an engine fire forced one of it's London-bound planes to return to Baku, Azerbaijan. Passengers were put up in hotels and flew out the following morning, an overall delay.
Candice-Marie Fox was diagnosed with thyroid cancer in 2011. She underwent surgery to remove tumours from her neck and underwent radiation treatment. But when she returned to the doctors, cancer had spread to other parts of her body. Ms Fox rejected conventional treatment in favour of a diet and lifestyle plan she discovered online   .
Cressida Bonas, 26, has been unveiled as Mulberry's new ambassador. Shows off her modelling skills in new imagery released by the British fashion giant. Wears pieces from the Somerset-based brand's spring/summer 2015 collection. Follows release of a short film last month for the brand.
The sapling was planted in January-Wabash Park in Ferguson, Missouri on Saturday as a dedication to the teenager, who was gunned down in the street by a police officer last August. It was called 'a symbol of peace, comfort and hope for all who gather around its branches' But by Sunday morning, the branches had been stripped, leaving behind just a shard of the trunk  .
Claire Nugent, 43, and Nigel Morter, 47, have been married for 14 years. They restored a 1940s airfield control tower in Norfolk and now run it as a B&B. They say: 'We’ve become really wrapped up in the history of airfields. It’s been great to bring it back'
Millie-Belle Diamond, who is 14 months old, has a staggering 115,000 Instagram followers. Her mother Schye Fox set up an Instagram account for her when she was two months old. The toddler from Sydney's northern beaches now holds the title of the world’s most famous baby under two on Instagram . She earns up to $250 per post for wearing their garbs in the pictures  .
No other city in the world has as many buildings on the Unesco world heritage list as Barcelona. There's enough art and culture to keep you busy for a decade of weekend breaks, plus cracking food, colourful markets and plenty of places to party.
Gemma the pit bull was filmed at home in California enthusiastically greeting a baby boy named Elliot. Footage shows her lovingly licking the infant as he attempts to fend away.
David Zaslav was paid $156.1million for his role as CEO of Discovery Communications it was revealed on Friday. This thanks to the success of television events like Shark Week, shows like Here Comes Honey Boo Boo Boo and his running of networks like Oprah Winfrey's OWN and OWN .
Little Catalina from America was filmed emptying out the contents of the kitchen cupboards. But when her father tells her to clean up her mess, she vehemently refuses .
Nikki Kelly, 24, from Bridport, Dorset, thought she was suffering from period cramps. She kept her size 8 figure throughout pregnancy and had no morning sickness or cravings. Gave birth to son James, now three months, in 'three pushes' on the bathroom floor. Miss Kelly and her partner have now put an offer in on a house so they can all live together.
Mary Ann Diano was left homeless when Hurricane Sandy hit Staten Island, New York, in October 2012. The 62-year-old was swept away by the waves and clung to a tree for safety during the storm. She met her partner Dennis Krauss, whose home in Brooklyn was also destroyed .
The cocaine, valued by the Coast Guard at $424 million, was seized by U.S. and Canadian forces in 19 separate incidents in the eastern Pacific Ocean near Central and South America. It included a 10½-ton bust from a coastal freighter, the largest maritime drug interdiction in that area since 2009.
The 29-year-old, who lived in California, had been playing the game all day for six to eight weeks. He tore the tendon, an injury which is normally quite painful, but reported he felt nothing at all. Doctors who treated him said his case shows video games can numb people’s pain .
Adriana Giogiosa, 55, was reported missing by her brother after he was unable to contact her. Her landlord, a 32-year-old Spanish man with a history of psychological problems, has been arrested. Police found blood and an industrial meat grinder at the house in Majadahonda, a suburb of Madrid .
Sevdet Besim and Sevdet Ramadan Besim were 'associates' of Abdul Numan Haider. Haider was killed by police last year after he attacked officers with a knife. It is believed the two men who masterminded the Anzac Day plot attended his funeral. The two men often visited the controversial Al-Furqan Islamic study centre in South Springvale. Both men had personal links with senior Australian jihadist recruiter.
Marie D'Argent claims she suffered vertebral disc trauma, whiplash and nightmares. The 55-year-old publicist says the fall also left her with a 'loss of libido', 'sexual discomfort and impairment' and 'curtailment of ­sexual adventurism' .
Hole appeared on the outskirts of Urumqi, in Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region in north-western China. Temperature measured at 792C (1457F) from two metres away .
Thief posed as a member of congregation at St James' church in Gorton, Manchester, on Good Friday. As well as taking one bag, he tried to steal the contents of two other elderly women's bags before fleeing .
New Scottish drink-drive limit was cut from 80mg per 100ml of blood to just 50mg on December 5. Bar sales have dropped by 60 per cent since the new limit was introduced. Bank of Scotland PMI report blames the law for stalling growth.
KAYAK.com.au has revealed that most Aussies are planning their mid-year getaways in Europe. Seven out of the top ten top ten holiday destinations are in Europe, including Athens in Greece and Istanbul in Turkey. Ho Chi Minh City in Vietnam, Dublin in Ireland and Barcelona in Spain also make the list.
Kevin Cooper and Trewen Kevern allegedly beat David Alderson and left him to drown. They then used his keys to steal £40,000 from a safe where he kept a haul of guns. Police originally thought the 72-year-old victim had died as a result of falling from his bike.
Alinea, run by the talented Grant Achatz has retained its crown as the best restaurant in the world. El Celler de Can Roca, Spain, came in second place. Spain has eight in the list while Italy has seven.
As a junior at Jesuit High School in Dallas, the PGA golfer wrote the letter to the Murphy family who funded the scholarship that helped pay for his tuition. Spieth wrote that he earned the scholarship from a work grant program.
Anneli Tiirik, 23, said she did not blame Andreas Lubitz, 27, for death of her boyfriend Paul Bramley, 28. He died when Lubitz locked the captain out of the cockpit before flying the plane into a mountainside. Lubitz had hidden a sick note on the day of the crash and researched suicide methods.
David Cameron will pledge discounts of up to 70 per cent on housing association properties. Will allow all 1.3million families in housing association homes to buy their home. subsidy will be funded by forcing councils to sell off their most expensive properties. Prime Minister will call the Tories 'the party of working people' in bold pitch to blue collar voters.
Stephanie Scott, 26, was last seen at her workplace Leeton High School in Leeton, 550km west of Sydney, on Easter Sunday. Her parents plan to hire a helicopter to join the desperate search for their daughter, as they fear her disappearance has something to do with 'her car or foul play' . A month before her planned April 11 wedding she texted her sister to say she was 'so freakin excited' Family say the 26-year-old is 'so in love' with her fiance.
Air force jets blitzed compounds in Gondodowe and Ismail, both in the Gedo region bordering Kenya on Sunday. It is the first major military response to last week's attack by Al-Shabaab on a Kenyan university that left 148 people dead. Kenyan army spokesman: 'The two targets were hit and taken out, the two camps are destroyed' . WARNING: GRAPH.
Dr Lin Xikun walked in on nurse Long Yufang being threatened with a knife by bare-chested man. He immediately offered himself up as an alternate hostage - allowing Long to go free. The man had been brought in by police the night before, but injured his leg in the process .
Peachtree City Police Chief William McCollom called 911 early New Year's Day to report inadvertently shooting his ex-wife, Margaret, as they slept in their suburban Atlanta home. The shooting left her paralyzed below the waist. Investigators found no evidence that he intended to harm Margaret. He was indicted on Wednesday on a misdemeanor reckless-conduct charge. If convicted, he could face a year in jail.
Many women spend hundreds of pounds a month on expensive skincare products. FEMAIL called on the best dermatologists in the business to shed some light on the classic mistakes women make that could lead to ageing faster.
Barbie is the 96th image to come up on Google Images when you enter the search term 'CEO' After rows and rows of grinning suit-clad men, the next female is Jessica Herrin, CEO of jewellery company Stella & Dot. Several high-powered women, including women's right campaigner Chelsea Clinton, have re-tweeted the results of the search. Google generates images based on a knot of complex algorithms related to file names and key words. The more popular an image is, the higher.
Curt Almond, 26, from Bristol, spent at least £40 a week buying new Calvin Klein boxers every day. But after wiping out most of his savings, he realised it was 'bankruptcy or boxers' He has now reverted to normal routine of wearing and washing his boxers several times over.
Royston Coates, who is serving a 10-year sentence for wounding, posted pictures of himself in his cell on Facebook. He boasted about watching TV and showing off his muscles in a string of pictures posted to his 300 friends. Prison authorities have now shut down the criminal's Facebook account after being alerted to messages. Comes a day after another inmate was filmed partying in jail .
New vaccine could flush out dormant HIV hiding in white blood cells with a chemical 'kick' Theory developed by researchers at University College London, Oxford and North Carolina. Theory based on a single patient case study of a 59-year-old man .
Sandra Malcolm's body was found at her Cape Town home by her grandson who climbed through a window. Reports in South Africa suggest the 74-year-old's attackers had mutilated her. The pensioner had been planning to return to Scotland next month to visit family.
Labour leader visited the Gurdwara – a Sikh temple – during a campaign tour of the Midlands. But his team banned national media journalists from the event - despite the fact that Gurdwaras are traditionally open to all. Worshippers were also banned from using cameras and phones to take pictures.
New analysis of Finnish education suggests pupil aptitude has actually declined. Finland has slipped down international rankings tables as new liberal techniques became more widespread. Findings will add weight to arguments by Michael Gove that return to traditional teacher-led lessons is the way to raise standards .
Justin Whittington, 23, was arrested on Friday in Bakersfield, California, and charged with child cruelty after the video of the alleged abuse surfaced online. His charge was changed from 'cruelty' to 'endangerment' and his bail dropped from $1 million to $20,000. On Sunday he posted a message on Facebook asking for his pregnant wife and son to be 'left out of this' and insisted there was more to 'that' video than meets the eye  .
Gruesome images of the killing are being shared by bloodthirsty supporters of the terror group on social media. One of those distributing the sickening pictures is a man claiming to be a British militant fighting for ISIS. He goes by the nom de guerre Abu Bakr al-Britani and is believed to be from the UK. The man is accused of practising sorcery and witchcraft in Salah al-Din.
Man drops down on one knee and pops the question to his girlfriend in McDonald's restaurant. She says 'Yes' and the couple embrace by the food counter. Video shot in undisclosed city in US.
Kim Kardashian and Kanye West stayed at the five-star Ballyfin last May on their honeymoon. The 18th-century manor house is set at the foot of the Slieve Bloom Mountains in the centre of Ireland. Condé Nast Traveller magazine has named it the grandest hotel in the country  .
David Cameron bore a schoolgirl while visiting a school in Bolton on Wednesday. The Prime Minister isn't the only politician who elicits funny reactions from kids. Ed Miliband, Ed Balls and Nick Clegg have all been pictured sharing awkward moments with youngsters. William Hague has been met with incredulity.
A new study shows that a quarter of Australians have opted for solo living. The affluent suburbs of Potts Point, Rushcutters Bay and Elizabeth Bay make up nearly 60 percent of solo households. 70 percent of the women are more likely to have a university degree than the men. However, many feel they are still judged .
Riddick Bowe offered to 'tweet anything' for people who pay him $20 through PayPal. The 46-year-old was once the world's best heavyweight boxer in the 1990s. Now he has posted messages asking for dates and promoting small businesses .
Fraser Ross founded Kitson, which has shops in California and the Far East. The multi-millionaire is in the midst of an ugly public battle over allegations he swore at workers. Kitson is hugely popular with celebrities including Kendall Jenner .
Hannah McWhirter engaged in the threesome with co-worker Dionne Clark and her husband Shaun in July 2013. She even exchanged texts with the couple after the ménage a trois telling them how much she enjoyed herself. She admitted wasting police time with false rape.
Martina Riccioni and her friend Antoinettia Caffero, 21, were involved in a head-on collision on Easter Monday. The 23-year-old was thrown from the passenger seat of the car and was killed at the scene. Her devastated family in Italy cannot afford to bring her body home to be buried .
Keith Anthony Allen, 27, of Columbus pleaded not guilty Monday to charges including rape, felonious assault and gross sexual imposition. He remains jailed with no bond, and court records listed no attorney for him. Allen is accused of raping two 12-year-old girls since September and fondling third.
John Young, 66, and his wife Elaine, 54, were writing thank you cards for wedding gifts. Thugs began pelting his front window with stones when he went to confront them last Friday. Mr Young was hit by a brick when he opened his front door to remonstrate with the attackers. He was taken to hospital but doctors could not save his left eye and he is now blind.
A Russian warship and two bombers strayed close to UK territory yesterday in yet another apparent attempt to test Britain’s defences. A destroyer equipped with missiles, anti-aircraft guns and torpedoes entered the English Channel along with two other Russian ships. It forced the UK to send a heavily-armed frigate to monitor the vessels. Just a few hours later, two Russian long-range Bear bombers, capable of carrying nuclear missiles, hugged British airspace .
Witnesses reported seeing front wheel of her bike 'completely squashed' under the lorry. Accident happened close to Lambeth Bridge near Houses of Parliament at 9.30am. It is the fifth death of a cyclist in the capital this year involving lor.
The Robshaws sample insects in tonight's final episode of BBC Two's Back In Time For Dinner. The family are served the food of the future on tonight's episode of Back for Dinner. Two billion people worldwide already supplement their diet with insects, according to UN figures.
Michael Slager can't be executed for shooting Walter Scott in the back because the killing did not include any of a list of narrowly-defined 'aggravating circumstances' which enable the death penalty. South Carolina law does include the penalty if the crime is part of a 'mass murder' Slager is being held in prison on murder charges after video emerged of him shooting derad 50-year-old Scott.
Marij Khan and his mother Mushammat are set to be removed from their home in Newcastle. The 11-year-old's brother Saffat died of meningitis last month after a long battle with cancer. The family first came to the UK in 2007 to live with Maarij's father, who was studying for a PhD, in the UK.
Dating from 1250, The Black Book of Carmarthen is the earliest surviving medieval manuscript written solely in Welsh. Contains earliest references to Arthur and Merlin. Images recovered using combination of ultraviolet light and photo editing software .
Police in Manchester have issued a warning to parents over the game, known as 'sleeper' It involves a child having their nose and mouth held shut by another child until they black out. The child is believed to have underlying health problems and is expected to make a full recovery. Officers in North Manchester believe it is a new craze and have alerted parents.
Real London estate agents were invited to value a house as part of promotion for Sky Living's upcoming drama, The Enfield Haunting. The house was rigged with special effects to give the appearance of being possessed by ghost.
Footage has emerged of a violent brawl between more than 70 teenagers outside a party in Brisbane. Police were called to disperse over 200 teenagers just before 10pm on Tuesday night. The violent conflict was captured by Queensland Police helicopter, PolAir. Four people have been arrested over the incident, including two teenagers .
Donald Sterling, 80, lavished his alleged girlfriend with gifts including a $1.8 million house, luxury cars and stocks - all while hiding them from his wife of six decades. But Shelly Sterling insisted on Wednesday she didn't take them to court over the money. 'I think when somebody harms you in so many ways, justice has to prevail,' she said. Despite acknowledging marital problems, she also said she and her husband never separated. Donald Sterling is suing his wife and the NBA over the sale of the team.
Graphic artist Zach Yonzon uses steamed milk and froth as the canvas on which he creates masterpieces. He uses a spoon and a barbecue skewer, which he dips in dark chocolate.
The contraceptive is made with hydrogel, a strong and flexible solid which can be made to feel and act like human tissue. The groundbreaking design will eventually offer functions like self-lubrication, topical drug delivery, and even electric conductivity, dramatically changing the capacity of male contraception, say scientists.
More than 1,200 people were arrested during raids by Homeland Security and Immigration and Customs Enforcement. Raids took place in San Juan, Dallas, El Paso, Los Angeles and Detroit. Officials seized weapons, drugs and cash at addresses associated with 239 crime syndicates. At least 913 have already been charged with criminal offenses .
The two marques finished bottom of a 38-strong table of vehicle manufacturers judged on reliability. The most reliable models were the Honda Jazz and Mitsubishi Lancer while the least reliable was the Audi RS6, according to survey.
Jackson Byrnes was diagnosed with a stage four brain tumour three weeks ago. The 18-year-old has flown to Sydney to be operated on by renowned neurosurgeon Dr Charlie Teo. The only surgeon in Australia willing to perform the risky operation that will likely see Jackson paralysed. Jackson's family and friends have been desperately trying to raise $80,000 needed to pay the hospital upfront for the surgery .
Jack Henry Doshay, 22, appeared in court for the first time on Friday as he pleaded not guilty to charges of kidnapping, false imprisonment with violence and child cruelty. Noticeably absent from the court room were the suspect's parents, Karen and Glenn Doshays, a minority owner of the San Diego Padres and a former investment manager who focuses on charitable causes with his wife. He was arrested on Wednesday, nine days after he allegedly tried to kidnap a 7-year-old girl from a local elementary school.
Coronation Street star Samia Ghadie and boyfriend Sylvain Longchambon spent four days in New York. The couple paid their respects to those lost on 9/11 by visiting the site of the World Trade Center on their first visit .
Raghunandan Yandamuri, 29, of King of Prussia, Pennsylvania, was sentenced to death in the 2012 slayings of 10-month-old Saanvi Venna and 61-year-old Satayrathi Venna. The Indian national acted as his own lawyer during his trial before his post-conviction hearings were taken over by lawyers. He said he would rather be executed now than continue seeking a new trial with his lawyers. Attorney Henry Hilles said he and colleague Stephen Heckman have spent more time with his client than ever before.
Bol Manyang, one, his four-year-old sister Hanger and her twin brother Madit were laid to rest at St Andrew's Church in Werribee on Saturday morning. Their mother Akon Guode and father Joseph Tito Manyang sat in the church's front row alongside older sister Awel, 5, who survived the crash. Police are still investigating how the car ran off the road and ended up in a lake at Wyndham Vale .
Wat Pa Luangta Bua Yanasampanno has been told all 147 tigers must be handed over to the Department of National Parks, Wildlife and Plant Conservation by Friday. Investigation launched following complaints of trafficking endangered species, illegally selling animals and possible mistreatment of animals.
Dave Roberts jumped off the Transporter Bridge over the River Tees in Middlesbrough. He followed in the footsteps of his great-great-uncle Daniel McAllister who died in 1913. But instead of falling to his death - Mr Roberts survived the jump which he carried out for a children's charity.
Ian Harris, 51, is a member of the Church of the Flying Spaghetti Monster. His followers, known as Pastafarians, regard the pasta strainer as a religious garment. He is challenging the DVLA over his rights to wear the metal bowl in his licence photo as it is his 'religious right'
Estimates suggest around 1,000 iOS apps are vulnerable to a flaw in connectivity software from AFNetworking. This includes Uber, Microsoft's OneDrive and Movies by Flixster. It was first reported at the end of last month by security researchers Simone Bovi and Mauro Gentile. The flaw was active between 24 January until it was flagged up on 25 March. Not all apps and developers use AFNet working, and figures suggest the source code library features on around 100,000 apps in total .
The television personality - with the maiden name DePandi at the time - cuddled up to the Stand By Me actor on the red carpet at the Maxim Magazine Hot 100 party in Las Vegas back in June 2004. The couple married in 2007.
The Curious Canine Kitchen is the first of its kind in Britain to serve high-end, freshly prepared, organic canine cuisine. Menu was devised by event organiser and spiritual dog trainer Natty Mason who worked with whole foods chef.
The 12-inch water main broke around 6:45pm at 13th Street and Seventh Avenue in Manhattan, shutting down three train lines in both directions. Around 500 riders were soon forced out of the subway. Firefighters said as much as 2 feet of murky water, more than enough to reach the electrified third rail, had accumulated .
Dr Fredric Brandt was found hanged inside his Miami home by a friend on Easter Sunday morning. Police report reveals Brandt had been suffering from extreme depression for 10 days before his death. Brandt's psychiatrist Dr. Saida Koita had become so worried for her patients state of mind that she ordered John Joseph Hupert to stay with him to monitor him. Sources close to Brandt said he was 'definitely hurt' by an apparent portrayal of himself on the Netflix show Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt. The show features a character called Dr Franff, played by Martin Short, who has a high-pitched laugh, a speech impediment and absurd habits like drinking from a surgical bag   .
Carlos Toro, 66, worked as a mid-level member of the Medellin Cartel in the 1980s. He fled from Colombia fearing for his life after a confrontation with his boss. Toro came to the United States and began working for the DEA as an informant. He wasn't paid for his work, but was told he would be rewarded with US citizenship. That has not happened  .
Ted Koran, 59, claims he was put on hold three times for 10 minutes at a time by the VA Suicide Hotline on Saturday night. Only the thought of the 60 rescue animals he and his wife cared for stopped him from ending his own life. Ted's experience highlights the problems the VA is facing with its Veterans Crisis Hotline as it fights depression among ex-servicemen and women .
Olympic gold medalist Rebecca Adlington is eight months pregnant with her first child. The 26-year-old says pregnancy has been one of the toughest roles of her life so far. She says she can't wait to 'feel herself again' after her daughter is born on June 4 .
The Sutherland Shire Council is exploring the idea of allowing overseas backpackers to park their campervans in allocated locations right on the beach. Among these locations are Cronulla beach and Wanda beach, both in southern Sydney. This motion was proposed by Councillor Steve Simpson due to the economic boost the backpackers bring to the area due to their economic boost .
Christine Carriage, 67, was handed a six-month suspended sentence at Norwich Crown Court. Police found 1,337 items of stolen clothing, shoes and handbags at her home in Bowthorpe, Norwich. Officers found an 8ft-long clothes rail bending under the weight of the clothing in one room and cash and drug paraphernalia.
Three years ago, Pakistan had almost completely eradicated polio, a devastating disease which paralyses its victims' legs. Today, it's on the rise again after the Taliban declared the vaccine to be a 'Western conspiracy' and a 'bio-weapon' Mother-of-three Farhina Touseef leads team of medics offering free vaccines .
On Nov. 11, 2014, the headless body of a seven-pound-five-ounce infant was found in a trash heap in Farmingdale, New Jersey. Now, more than five months later, authorities have released the sketch along with photos of evidence as they continue to investigate the child's death. The baby, who was named 'Emma Grace' by a local church, was discovered .
Father-of-one Szilveszter, 24, feared he would never be able to have more children after DIY procedure. His penis became so swollen and inflammed, he was unable to have sex and was in constant pain. Cosmetic surgeon Dr Vik Vijh said it was a disaster .
Tori Hester, 25, from San Diego, California, was diving in Cabo Pulmo, Mexico. Husband Jeff, 26, was on hand to capture the incredible moment using underwater camera.
MailOnline Travel reveals the best ways to visit some of the world's most budget-busting cities. Opt for a stroll around New York's recently-built Highline or Paris' Jardin du Luxembourg. Visit one of London's many free museums for a no-cost cultural fix.
Sean Crawford, from Carterton, New Zealand, is an artist who turns dead animals into unique works of art. He said he picked up his distinctive style after his family taught him about hunting and taxidermy on the farm he grew up on. Mr Crawford has three animal sculptures currently on display at Traffic Jam Galleries at Neutral Bay on Sydney's lower north shore . WARNING: GRAPH.
The image was captured over Jaibru in Australia by an off-duty emergency services officer who dubbed the phenomenon 'looping lightning' Upwards lightning is possible, but is very rare - with current estimates suggesting less than one per cent of lightning strikes travel in an ‘upwards’ direction. Storm chaser Dan Robinson believes 'looped lightning' is simply a trick of perspective based on perspective.
Pedro Hernandez, 54, is accused of killing 6-year-old Etan Patz, whose 1979 disappearance while on his way to school helped galvanize the national missing-children's movement. Hernandez confessed in 2012 in a case that has confounded law enforcement for decades. The defense says the admissions are made up, the ravings of a mentally ill man who sees visions and has a low IQ, the defense says.
Tim McGraw is facing backlash from conservative fans after agreeing to put on a Connecticut concert in support of a pro gun control charity. The Louisiana-raised singer is scheduled to raise money with a Hartford, Connecticut show on July 17. Anti-gun control commenters have said that McGraw risks losing his career the same way Dixie Ch
Caitlin Kellie-Jones was diagnosed with Hypoxic Ischemic Encephalopathy minutes after birth. It is a type of brain damage that occurs when the brain does not receive enough oxygen or blood. She was placed in a special cooling wrap within 40 minutes of her birth to control condition.
Joshua Finbow, 23, a submarine engineer, Craig Stoner, 24, Simon Radford, 31, and Darren Smalley, 35, were arrested six days later. The men were taking part in a Royal Navy ice-hockey team tour of Nova Scotia. They were charged with sexual assault causing bodily harm and group sexual assault. If found guilty, the men could face 14 years in jail  .
Kowen Geherman, from Alberta, Canada, cradles his pet goldfish, Top, before flushing it down the toilet. The video has so far racked up 374,551 views and has been viewed 374,000 times.
For 54 per cent of single women, the best part of being single is being able to go home and go straight to bed. For men, 29 per cent say the variety of sexual partners is what floats their boat. More than half of the population claim finding ‘the one’ is their biggest priority in life .
Hadas (not her real name to protect her identity) had 'the cut' in Eritrea, Africa, when she was just a few months old. She was brought to the UK by sex traffickers who took her from her home country to London. Hadas, now in her early 20s, only recently came to realise that FGM is not the norm.
Video taken in forecourt of Sunoco gas station on North 5th Street in Philadelphia . Five people, including two children, storm out of minivan and attack 51-year-old man . They stamp on his head and continue punching him as he lies motionless on the ground   .
David Lammy said the SNP was a party Labour could 'do business with' in the event of another hung Parliament. The admission comes amid stark warnings from the Tories that the SNP will hold Labour to 'ransom' Former PM John Major will today warn that Britain faces a 'daily dose of blackmail' from the SNP. Polls suggest Nicola Sturgeon's party are on course to win up to 50 seats on May 7 – wiping out any hopes of a Labour majority.
Extraordinary aerial photographs taken above Whitefish Bay on eastern Lake Superior, Ontario, show some of the freighters lined up across a frozen expanse. They are carrying a variety of goods from Canadian grain to US iron and steel but are being hampered by slabs of ice.
The Alborz destroyer and Bushehr support vessel sailed from Bandar Abbas to the Gulf of Aden today. Military bosses claim move is designed to protect Iranian shipping from piracy. Saudi Arabia continues to lead a bombing campaign to oust the Iran-allied Houthi movement which has taken most of Yemen .
Yassir Ali, 29, of no-fixed-abode, was stopped by traffic police in Birmingham on February 22. Officers suspected the silver BMW 1 series may have been stolen . Dashcam footage shows the car pull over to the side of the road and a man get out of the passenger seat . Ali flew through red lights and ignored traffic.
Toronto-born actor Jonathan Crombie died on Wednesday in New York after suffering a brain hemorrhage. He was best known for his role as Gilbert Blythe in the Canadian television drama film Anne of Green Gables and two sequels, aged 48.
Child was on holiday in Burnham-on-Sea with his family from Manchester when he walked across mudflats. He quickly became stuck and had to be pulled to safety by the coastguard in its hovercraft. Coastguard used two members of its mud rescue team to pull him to safety .
Tamara Pacskowska pretended to be 76-year-old Georgina Bagnall-Oakley at meetings with estate agents and solicitors. She could not speak English and took daughter-in-law Monika Brzezinska, 34, along with her to help translate. The fraudsters were eventually caught out in a solicitors office while they were on the cusp of completing sale .
The nephew of President John F Kennedy used the term last week during the screening of a film that links autism to a chemical found in several childhood vaccinations. On Monday, following a storm of criticism, he publicly retracted statement.
The New York City woman, who is not being named, watched in terror as a man crawled through a window and stole her laptop, digital camera and some jewelry from her apartment. The woman is now thrilled she purchased the device and has handed the video over to police.
The 18-carat gold Irish Freedom Box was given to Lord Uxbridge in 1828 by Trinity College Dublin. The aristocrat's stoic exchange with the Duke of Wellington after losing his leg has become etched in history. His leg was buried near the battlefield but later dug up and used as a macabre tourist attraction .
Crystal O'Connor, owner of Memories Pizza in Walkerton, Indiana, says she stands by her decision to never cater a gay wedding. She has closed her store, but said she will reopen again and $850,000 has been raised for the pizzeria by supporters in just two days. She said in a recent interview that 'God has blessed us for standing up for what we believe, and not denying him' The news comes just a week after Indiana passed the Religious Freedom Restoration Act, which allows businesses to openly discriminate against gays. On Saturday, openly gay basketball stars Jason Collins and Derrick Gordon showed up to watch the NCAA Final Four games in Indianapolis .
In 1992, the Drug Enforcement Agency began secretly tracking phone calls to 116 countries on their watch list for drug trafficking. The program allowed agents to infiltrate drug trafficking rings, especially those previously unknown to the DEA and federal government. It has since been discontinued after nearly two decades.
Michelle Heale of Tom's River, New Jersey, found guilty of killing 14-month-old Mason Hess in August 2012. She claimed she was trying to burp him when he began choking on his applesauce. But when she pulled him off her shoulder his neck snapped backwards, killing the boy. Heale now faces 30 years in prison after being found guilty .
Harvey Weinsten was spotted looking remarkably relaxed and chipper as he stepped outside his New York City townhouse on Thursday. His wife Georgina Chapman has been sharing photos of herself hard at work creating the upcoming Spring/Summer 2016 bridal collection for her brand Marchesa. She was joined by the couple's son Dashiell in the design room on Wednesday. Ambra Battilana, who claims Weinstein groped her during a business meeting, met with prosecutors on Tuesday as a criminal probe into the incident continues but no charges have been filed.
Jourdan Dunn, 24, revealed in an interview that she was severely bullied as a teenager. She was picked on from primary school until secondary school when she had to be home-schooled. The London-born beauty is now the new face of Maybelline New York.
Liverpool striker Mario Balotelli received 8,000 discriminatory posts directed at him. Arsenal's Danny Welbeck received 1,700, 60 per cent of which related to sexual orientation. An abusive message is directed at a Premier League club or one of their players every 2.6 minutes.
A body pulled from the Mississippi River on Saturday has been identified as Barway Edward Collins, 10, who has been missing for nearly a month. Authorities said the body of the ten-year-old was found on Saturday around 1pm by searchers from a Boy Scout troop - about ten feet from the river's edge in Brooklyn Center, Minnesota. Police said on Sunday that the boy's father, Pierre Collins, 33, is a primary suspect as the case becomes a homicide investigation. The case is being considered a homicide based on the autopsy and information from the medical examiner. Barway was last seen riding a bus after school last month .
More than 500,000 people knock on the doors of Abbey Road studios every year, only to be told it is closed to the public. The studios hosted the world's first live global broadcast - from none other than The Beatles - as well as playing a role in the invention of stereo by EMI engineer Alan Blumlein. The studio doors have been shut to those not recording ever since 1931 .
Alison Saunders' legal adviser was a barrister at 23 Essex Street where Daniel Janner worked. Crown Prosecution Service confirmed it consulted Neil Moore over whether to prosecute Lord Janner. Senior police officers probing allegations of child abuse offences have reportedly raised concerns about Mr Moore's involvement in decision .
David Rylance, 47, was in charge of an appointee account set up at Lloyds Bank which held his mother's cash. He spent the money on gambling, a holiday and cinema tickets, court heard. He admitted theft and fraud involving £52,000 and was jailed for two years and three months.
Faiz Ikramulla, 35, was arrested and charged on Thursday with aggravated kidnapping after allegedly dumping his three-year-old daughter, Aliya, in an Illinois trash can. The child was found by a passer-by wandering near Milwaukee Avenue and Palatine Road in Prospect Heights, Illinois around 6:30 pm Tuesday . He's jailed in Van Buren County, Michigan, pending extradition to Illinois to face charges of aggravated kidnapping  .
Judy Eddingfield, 65, celebrated her 50th anniversary working at Winstead's restaurant in Kansas City last week and declares that it's the only job's she's ever had or ever wanted. On April, 6, 1965 Eddinngfield began working at the restaurant where she was trained by her mother who had already been employed at the establishment for 13 years. 'It's like my home away from home and I just love it here,' she said. 'I was three years old when my mother started here, so I've been eating these burger 60 some years'
The 17,500 sq ft mansion was built on the site of an old telephone exchange in Chelsea, west London. It is 18 times the size of the average new home, with nine bedrooms, nine bathrooms, a cinema, a Japanese water garden and indoor swimming pool. But the stamp duty alone, paid on top of the price of the home, is enough for the Treasury to pay the annual salary of 330 nurses. It has now been bought by an offshore company for £51,191,950.
Lib Dem leader's wife said MPs 'deserve' to be re-elected in May after five years in power. She hit the campaign trail on her own today, as Mr Clegg said she 'just wanted to do her bit' She is expected to campaign for several women candidates .
A 13-year-old boy allegedly shot and killed a teacher and injured four others at a school in Barcelona this morning. He is said to have targeted his female Catalan teacher and her daughter, also a student at the school. The male substitute teacher was shot dead as he tried to protect the woman and daughter . The boy, who has not been named, is undergoing a psychiatric examination after the attack. He told classmates last week that he was planning to kill all the teachers, but none took him seriously   .
Royal Dutch Shell Plc has filed a complaint in federal court in Alaska seeking an. order to remove Greenpeace activists who climbed aboard an oil. rig in the Pacific Ocean bound for the Arctic on Monday. The environmental group said in a statement its team would occupy the underside of the main deck of the Polar Pioneer,. which is under contract to Shell, and plans to unfurl a banner.
The National Park Service and the Secret Service are recommending the addition of half-inch-thick spikes, angled away from the White House, to the existing fence. The new spikes, officially known as 'pencil protrusions,' will be bolted on at the top for a year or more while an entirely new fence – as tall as 10 feet – is planned and fabricated. The White House might also get a prison-style double fence with space in between, but barbed wire has been ruled out.  .  .
Hebridean Whale and Dolphin Trust teams has seen the number of encounters increase by 68 per cent over the past 12 years. Common dolphins were once a rare sight in the Hebrides, preferring warmer waters found further south. Experts believe that global warming has led to pods moving north. The shift north could be creating new opportunities for the common dolphins to find food in new areas .
The note was spotted by Twitter user PlattsiePlatts who posted it to her social media account. In it the chip shop owner laments the fact that he has to go youth hosteling with his family this year .
Researchers at the Technical University of Braunschweig, Germany, used peppermint plants, which contain minimal traces of nicotine, in a series of mulching and fumigation experiments. nicotine was frequently used as an insecticide until it was banned by the European Union in 2009. But a surprisingly large number of food crops still contain high levels.
Argentina has branded British attempts to explore the seas around the Falklands Islands for oil ‘illegitimate’. Daniel Filmus, Argentina’s secretary of state for the islands, said military conflict ‘belongs to the past'
Proposals came after an increase in home fires and blasts linked to homemade hash oil. In Colorado, at least 30 people were injured last year in 32 butane explosions involving hash oil - nearly three times the number reported throughout 2013.
Hattie Gladwell, 19, was diagnosed with ulcerative colitis after her condition was misdiagnosed. Had to have her colon removed and an ileostomy bag fitted into her small intestine. Opens up on her blog morethanyourbag.com to share her experiences of living with a stoma and a bag .
The rare mammal has been making waves at the Taiji Whale Museum in southern Japan. The rare specimen is believed to be only the second one ever put on display in an aquarium. It was captured by fishermen during the annual dolphin hunt in the town of Taiji in January last year after it was purchased from fishermen .
Charli, 8, has turned her YouTube channel into YouTube's largest food channel in less than three years. The mini-Martha Stewart, who is known simply as Charli, makes around $127,000 a month in ad revenue. Charli and her five-year-old sister Ashlee are raking in an average of 29 million views per month .
Andreas Lubitz, 27, may have spiked Captain Patrick Sodenheimer's coffee to force him into the toilet . Lubitz crashed the Airbus A320 passenger jet into the Alps changing the aircraft's altitude to 100 feet. Investigators have been scouring Lubitz's computers to determine his state of mind.
Xie Hong Feng, 45, died after falling five floors down an empty elevator shaft in China. Property manager Yang Shao said her three-year-old son pushed her down shaft. There is no CCTV evidence of the accident.
Sophie Falkiner says she has been cinching in her waist with girdles long before the Kardashians. She discovered the benefits while interviewing Hollywood plastic surgeons for a work assignment. Jessica Alba also swears by.
Pamela Anderson joined Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio on Wednesday to promote the benefits of an all-vegetarian diet for prison inmates. Arpaio says cutting meat from the meals served to the more than 8,000 inmates has saved an estimated $200,000 per year. The jail has been serving vegetarian meals for 16 months now. Inmates, who receive just two meals a day, have previously called the food 'slop'
Lucy is the oldest and most complete fossil of an early human ever found. Discovered in 1974, the 3.2 million-year-old skeleton stunned archaeologists who unearthed the fossil while digging in an isolated spot in Ethiopia.
Modular Robotic Vehicle, or MRV, developed at NASA's Johnson Space Center to show off technologies that could let man move across other planets. Can park sideways, spin on the spot, and be driven remotely at 70mph .
Thousands of blue jellyfish-like creatures are washing up on beaches across Oregon, California and Washington this spring. They have a small blue sail on top of their bodies which means they are easily blown to shore by strong winds. The creatures are not harmful to humans but will begin to smell fishy as they start to decompose. They are also known as 'by-the-wind sailors' or purple sails.
Janet Brown, 51, was found dead at her family home in Radnage, Buckinghamshire, in 1995. Mother-of-three's naked body was found at the bottom of the stairs by builders doing work on the house. She had been beaten to death with a blunt instrument like a crowbar and was gagged with packing tape. Detectives believe forensics experts now have the suspect's DNA  .
Ground-Based Air Defense Directed Energy On-the-Move program will allow controllers to simply drive the weapon to a target. Once drones are spotted, it can shoot them out of the sky.
Matthew Weathers, a teacher at Biola University in California, often posts videos of himself tricking his class. He put in a great deal of planning to pull off a lesson that would have engaged even the sleepiest student .
Susan Pease Gadoua says that traditional weddings set people up for failure. She suggests a renewable marriage contract known as a 'wedlease' would work better for many couples. Couples agree to be together for 'two, three, four or more years - whatever works for you and your partner' at the end.
The 21-year-old singer argued with security after being stopped at the artists' entrance where Drake was performing at the event in Indio, California. Video shows Bieber being put in a chokehold and escorted out.
Cadbury is cutting the size of its beloved Freddo Frogs by 20 per cent but keeping the recommend retail price the same. The miniature chocolate amphibians, which weighed a plump 20g two years ago, will now weigh just 12g. The shrinking of one of Australia's most popular children's chocolates was not widely announced .
Miley Cyrus attended the 30th Annual Rock And Roll Hall Of Fame Induction Ceremony on Saturday. The 22-year-old displayed a somewhat bushy underarm region as she posed for a social media snap. Many users advised the singer to shave .
Defense attorney John Waldron had filed a petition to have 14-year-old Jamie Silvonek returned to the juvenile facility where she was sent the day after the body of her mother was discovered last month. The teen is charged as an adult with homicide and criminal conspiracy. Her boyfriend, Caleb Barnes, 20, who is from El Paso, Texas, but was stationed at Fort Meade, Maryland, is charged with homicide. Authorities said Barnes and the teenager met in October, when she was 13, but that she told him she was 17. The eighth-grader's mother found out about their relationship in early March and ordered the couple to end it, according to court documents   .
Staff attorneys at the U.S. Justice Department's antitrust division are nearing a recommendation to block Comcast Corps. $45.2 billion proposal to merge with Time Warner Cable Inc. They may submit their review against the merger as early as next week. The final decision will be made by senior officials. If the deal is successful, Comcast would become the nation's leading cable and internet provider. The merger has been under extreme scrutiny since February.
NRA CEO Wayne LaPierre told the convention people must stand up against gun-control efforts. 'There's no telling how far President Obama will go to dismantle our freedoms,' he said. 'And when he's finished he intends to go out with a coronation of Hillary Rodham Clinton,' he added. Clinton is expected to announce the launch of her bid for the Democratic nomination for president on Sunday on Sunday  .
Sasha, 14, was spotted listening to earbuds as she, sister Malia and their parents ditched the White House - and the press pool - for an impromptu trip to Great Falls Park in Virginia on Sunday. The White House had sent reporters home for the day, sending the presidential press pool into a temporary tumult.
Medical incident officer joined team caring for patients at Worcestershire Royal Hospital last Friday. It came as West Midlands Ambulance Service demanded action following delays in treatment. Worcesterhire Acute Hospitals NHS Trust admitted circumstances were 'less than ideal'
The bookmakers appeared to make light of the issue in a tweet ahead of Liverpool's clash against Newcastle. It came in the wake of a succession of stories in the US regarding police shootings on African-Americans. One said: 'This is the most disgusting tweet I've read in probably my entire time on Twitter' .
Swedish scientists analysed 10,000 families with children aged two to 14 who did not have type 1 diabetes. They looked at whether there was any family conflict, a change of family structure, interventions from social services or unemployment. Subsequently, 58 children were diagnosed with the condition .
Landmarks Law was signed by Mayor Robert Wagner on April 19, 1965, and upheld by the Supreme Court in 1978. New exhibition looks at the lead up to the law and how it has helped preserve beautiful old buildings as new construction sprouts up around them  .
Ann Malsbury, 22, of Coventry, also battered Lee Judson, 21, with a saucepan and hair straighteners. The chef’s ex-boyfriend had gone round to her home to collect his belongings after the pair broke up. She jumped on his back and wrapped a white iPod lead around his neck before trying to throttle him .
Firefighters were called to the site northeast of Greeley airport shortly after 1 p.m. Friday. The fire began when lightning struck a water storage tank, launching it into the air. The water contained traces of hydrocarbons and petroleum as a result of hydraulic fracturing, which ignited. The tanker was near an injection well where fracking wastewater is pumped into the ground. Nearby homes were evacuated, but no injuries were reported. The Academy of Country Music’s Party for a Cause festival at Globe Life Park in Arlington was threatened Saturday night .
Redheads are flying the flag for gingers everywhere, says Wolf Hall star Damian Lewis. 'This might be a unique moment in recent history: redheads everywhere are doing well' Julianne Moore, Prince Harry, Ed Sheeran and Eddie Redmayne.
Little Zane Gbangbola died at home – in the middle of the night – after being poisoned by gas. For months after his death, police and other official agencies ruled out fears the deadly fumes had come from a landfill site. Instead, they insisted carbon monoxide from a faulty pump hired by his family had caused his death. But damning new evidence proves the authorities knew for 14 months that hydrogen cyanide gas had leaked into the family's home. The Mail on Sunday has seen leaked statements from police interviews with senior firefighters who were among the first on the scene when Zane was rushed to hospital. The documents also revealed no traces of carbon mon CO had been detected at the home in Chertsey, Surrey. Local residents have accused the authorities of lying and putting lives at risk over the tragedy .
The suicides of five young sailors who served on the same base over two years have unearthed a shocking culture of ice taking, binge drinking, bullying and depression within the Australian Navy. The sailors were stationed or had been stationed at the West Australian port of HMAS Stirling. Their families did not learn of their previous attempts to take their own lives.
Daniel Pena had spent hours planning the perfect way to pop the question to his girlfriend Alex. His elaborate set-up did not quite go to plan after Alex missed the crucial first sign with her name.
Liu Siying, 23, was a 'podium girl' at the Chinese Grand Prix when Lewis Hamilton sprayed champagne in her face. The 23-year-old was pictured grimacing as he aimed the fizz directly at her face after winning the race. Sexism campaigners have called for Hamilton to apologise for his 'selfish and inconsiderate' behaviour   .
Duncan Burton, 57, was released in November 2012 after serving 14-years in prison for trying to distribute five kilos of cocaine. According to Houston city codes, Burton should not have been allowed to drive cabs. Uber has poached Facebook's security chief Joe Sullivan to double down on safety concerns.
Libby Jane Wilson was enjoying a day out with her father at the Yarrow Valley Country Park in Chorley, Lancashire. Toddler was playing in a tunnel when the Jack Russell attacked her and left her with two puncture marks on her face.
Footage shows three-year-old Luiz Antonio from Brazil being presented with a fanciful dish of octopus gnocchi at the dinner table. But instead of digging into the seafood feast he starts asking about where the tentacled creature set before him came from with English subtitles detailing his train.
Nasa's Landsat 7 satellite captured the image of the Erg Chech, a desolate sand sea in southwestern Algeria. It shows 'ribbons' of sand and patterned stripes known as linear dunes in the desert. Linear dunes are straight ridges of sand that have been known to measure as long as 99 miles (160km) But the exact cause of these longitudinal structures is not known, and the wind movement is disputed .
Tiny trapdoor leads to a secret underground passageway stretching 500 feet towards the U.S. border. Mexican soldiers uncovered the suspected drugs tunnel and arrested nine people. Officials said the route had not yet crossed the border  .
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott was cheered on by a crowd of about 50 as he skolled a beer at an Australian Rules function. Anti-drinking campaigners said he's glorifying binge drinking and associating being a man with drinking booze. Critics said he should be setting an example that you don't have to drink heavily to be a 'true blue Aussie bloke' .
Brent Council said it was no longer able to afford to pay for a live-in carer to stay with 96-year-old Robert Clark. Mr Clark spent his £50,000 life savings on home care for past two years. But the council is refusing to increase its funding and want to move him into a care home . Help for Heroes has given Mr Clark an emergency grant to fund his immediate care needs. But they are seeking the public's help to raise £2,736.22 for his future .
Evelin Mezei, 12, was last seen with man on Romford Road, Stratford, at 10.30pm last night. She was wearing a red jacket and black leggings with white stars on the legs when last seen by her mother .
Shane Dunn, 25, from Tunbridge Wells, Kent, carried out the attack after going back to Ian Garrod's home for sex. But when the 55-year-old sat on the bed, Dunn stabbed him in the throat with a kitchen knife. He fled with victim's wallet, iPhone, iPad and jewellery before being caught. Dunn has now been jailed for 12 years over the attack.
Group of 15 men arrested on suspicion of 'multiple aggravated murder motivated by religious hate' Last week 12 Christians from Ghana and Nigeria were allegedly thrown off a rubber dinghy into the Mediterranean Sea. Survivors from the boat have now claimed the men tried to throw other Christians off the side of the vessel after an argument about religion.
Labour leader's cribsheet prompts him to turn a 'negative' into a 'positive' and reveals he had planned a number of put-downs. Miliband urges himself to ‘stay calm, never agitated’ and ‘relish the chance to show who I am’. Tory MP Charlie Elphicke said such ‘marketing speak’ was ‘cringe-worthy’  .
Kenneth Morgan Stancil III, 20, allegedly shot dead his former work-study supervisor Ron Lane at Wayne County Community College in Goldsboro, North Carolina, on Monday morning. He was found sleeping on a beach in Daytona Beach, Florida, early on Tuesday morning. Police arrested him without incident and said he faces one count of open murder. Lane, who had worked at the college for 18 years, had recently been fired with no notice, his mother said. She claimed Lane had 'made inappropriate sexual advances toward' her son. Police are investigating the shooting as a possible hate crime .
Jade Ruthven, 33, of Perth, Western Australia, was shocked when she found a scathing note in her mailbox. The note claimed to be from 'a few of the girls' criticising her for posting too many photos of her six-month-old daughter Addison on Facebook. The dental hygienist still doesn’t know who was responsible for the letter or who wrote it .
Sarah Brady and her husband James crusaded against gun violence after he was shot during an assassination attempt on former US president Ronald Reagan in 1981. The Brady Campaign and Center to Prevent Gun Violence, named in their honor, said they were 'heartbroken' at the news of her death. Mrs Brady continued her advocacy even after she was diagnosed with cancer in 2000, notably pushing for background checks after Sandy Hook.
Jondrew Lachaux, from Las Vegas, is married to the teenager's mother 38-year-old Kellie Phillips. They have six children together while the teen is from another relationship . The teen gave birth in her mom's bed - she did not have any medical help and did not take the newborn to the hospital. She ran out of food and began to suffer from malnutrition along with her baby and her sister .
The four sisters at the centre of Australia's largest abduction case have come through the ordeal as happy and well-adjusted children. The Vinceni girls were dragged kicking and screaming from their mother's Sunshine Coast home in the middle of the night to go back to live with their father in Italy in 2012. The girls have established healthy and happy lives in Italy and speak to their mum every night. 60 Minutes reporter Tara Brown interviewed the two eldest girls, Emily and Claire, who she described as elegant, gracious, reserved and studious, at their home near Florence .
Robert Bates, 73, charged with second-degree manslaughter for shooting dead Eric Harris, 44, on April 2. Police say he accidentally fired his gun instead of his Taser, killing the unarmed man. Sheriff's Office claims he was certified to use three weapons, including the revolver he fired at Harris. But sources claim he was not properly trained to be an armed reserve deputy.
Last year saw more than one million albums sold on vinyl for the first time in almost two decades. Sales are expected to hit two million this year and the UK's first official weekly vinyl chart has been established. The inaugural top spots in the album rankings and the two top places in the singles list have been claimed by Noel Gallagher, 47  .
Kamron Taylor was caught in South Side, Chicago, with a loaded gun on Friday night after police received a tip off describing a man with the name 'Gertrude' tattooed to his neck. He had been awaiting sentencing at Jerome Combs Detention Center in Kankakee, Illinois, for the murder of Nelson Williams Jr. On Tuesday he attacked a guard and fled in disguise, stealing his uniform, keys and SUV. It came just days after he shouted at the victim's family in court: 'I'm going to get you mother*******' .
Abdirahman Sheik Mohamud, 23, faces charges for attempting to provide and providing material support to terrorists. He also faces charges of making false statements to the FBI. Federal prosecutors say he was instructed by a Muslim cleric to return to the United States and carry out an act of terrorism. He is accused of telling an associate he wanted to go to a military base in Texas and 'kill three or four American soldiers execution-style' He pleaded not guilty to the charges Friday .
Max Verschuuren, 21, was on his way to a felled deer in the Te Urewera forest, North Island, on Saturday night. His friend mistook him for a deer and shot him in the back with a .270 rifle. Grisly photographs snapped in hospital show the gaping, bloody wound it left. Local police are investigating the incident.
An investigation of remarks by Major General James Post III, who was the vice commander of Air Combat Command, found that his words to some 300 airmen at Nellis Air Force Base on Jan. 10 may have had a 'chilling effect' on some of them, convincing them not to speak with lawmakers. The incident added fuel to a controversy over efforts to retire the low-flying, tank-killer aircraft, which is highly regarded by ground troops for its close air support.
The first print ad shows images of various female American Apparel employees, who are identified by their first names and their start date at the company in small print below their pictures. The brand also shared images from the campaign on its Instagram account for International Women's Day with 16,000 likes.
The Brisbane gamer known only as Bonnie Doll is Australia's answer to Lara Croft in the gaming world. The 28-year-old has more than 45,000 global followers on streaming platform Twitch. Her Twitch channel has had almost one million views, more than 8,000 followers on Instagram.
Alan Barnes, who is partially sighted and just 4ft 6in tall, was left too scared to return to his home in Gateshead. He was knocked to the ground by drug addict Richard Gatiss outside his home earlier this year. The crime shocked Britain and led to a fund being set up by local beautician Katie Cutler, 21, which raised £330,000.
Cameron Hooker, 61, was handed a 104-year sentence in 1985 for the kidnap, torture and rape of Colleen Stan. The case made international headlines and Stan was known as 'the Girl in the Box' after it was revealed that she was forced into a coffin-like structure for 23 hours a day. California has introduced the Elderly Parole Program which allows a parole hearing from inmates older than 60.
Average listener spent just ten hours a week tuning in to BBC radio in the last three months of 2014. This was 14 per cent down on a decade earlier, when listeners clocked up an average of 11.6 hours. Director general Tony Hall highlighted the decline to the BBC Trust.
Clip shows the S300 rocket barely managing to take off before plummeting back down to earth. Seconds later, the rocket goes out of view as whoever is filming takes cover and a huge explosion can be heard.  .
The veteran host was attempting to warm up the studio audience ahead of his show on Monday. He said: 'Treat a lady like a wh–e, and a wh-e like a lady' The joke received a frosty reception from the shocked crowd at the Ed Sullivan Theater.
Sylvia Freedman filmed the disturbing scene at Avoca Beach in the Central Coast, north of Sydney, on Tuesday. It stretched out more than 15 metres from the top of the beach pathway to beyond the water's edge. Her videos show a grotesque, yellow, jelly-like substance moving around as the wind blows it up and over surrounding scrubland. WARNING: GRAPH.
Roman Ehrhardt became an internet sensation after one of his classmates shared a hilarious photo of him grilling his lunch in class on Monday. The senior communications major was actually completing a project, in which he had to violate a societal norm. The candid snapshot has been retweeted nearly 1,000 times since it was posted, with many people calling Roman a 'hero' for his brazen actions and calling him their hero.
Mikki Nicholson, who was a national Scrabble champion, stepped in front of a train on November 7 last year. The 36-year-old suffered daily verbal abuse in Carlisle, Cumbria, an inquest heard. She had planned a move to Newcastle, but changed her mind after being told she risked homelessness if she left her social housing.
Doctors have warned against cutting out whole food groups like carbohydrates like white bread and pasta. Experts warn shunning an entire food group is unsustainable and can damage relationship with food. Australian dietician and nutritionist Susie Burrell has compiled a top five list.
Chase Culpepper, 17, who was born male but identifies as female, regularly wears makeup and androgynous or women's clothing. South Carolina teen won legal battle against state DMV to be allowed to wear makeup for ID.
Boris Johnson and David Cameron join forces to slam SNP plans to prop up Labour. Former First Minister Alex Salmond boasted he would write Labour's first budget because SNP would hold balance of power. London Mayor claims it would mean 'truckfuls of taxpayers' dosh growling up Scotland'
Royal couple's favoured childrenswear brands are hoping to cash in on the arrival. Anything Prince George has been seen wearing has gone on to sell out, such as this £32 Cath Kidston tank top. Baby could generate a billion pounds over its lifetime.
General Martin Dempsey, Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, apologized to Debbie Lee, whose son Marc Lee was killed in Ramadi in 2006. The 28-year-old was the first Navy SEAL to die in Iraq and was posthumously awarded the Silver Star and Purple Heart. Lee's mother was outraged when Dempsey wrote off the city as 'not symbolic in any way' while discussing operations against ISIS.
Staff canteen at yoghurt maker Yeo Valley's headquarters overlooks Blagdon countryside in North Somerset. 120 dairy workers can tuck into a fine-dining meal for as little as £2 - all made from organic and locally sourced food. Executive chef Paul Collins has spent 20 years working at various Michelin-starred restaurants in the UK.
The handyman and his girlfriend were complained about six times for loud sex at the Bay Ridge block in Brooklyn. The woman whose moans sparked the most complaints said: 'I'm doing what I'm doing in my own apartment. I'm not hurting anyone' The building's owner said she had no idea about the complaints and said people should call the landlord before calling the city to complain .
Mered Medhanie, 34, heard laughing about overloading migrant ships, a problem that causes them to capsize. He boasted: 'They say I put too many aboard, but they're the ones who want to leave in a hurry' . Ermias Ghermay, also known as The General, also showed callous disregard for the plight of his 'customers'
David Cameron and William Hague will launch English manifesto in London tomorrow. It will pledge to introduce a system of 'English votes for English laws' giving English MPs veto over legislation. Hague expected to warn England risks being 'held to ransom' by Scottish Nationalists. Document will be seen as attempt to tap into growing English nationalism.
Kristina Karo claims Mila Kunis was jealous of her pet chicken 'Doggie' and stole it from her 25 years ago. She is suing the actress for $5,000 for emotional distress and to cover her therapy bills.
Madison Avery Crotty, from San Diego, is seen screaming and crying until her doting dad decides to try out impersonation. The crackling, deep-sea type sound is reminiscent of what Madison might have heard in womb.
All three couples began their real journey towards domestic bliss on last night's episode of the FYI reality show, as the newlyweds searched for new homes to call their own. But, surprisingly, it was Jaclyn Methuen and Ryan Ranellone who were brought closer together by process. The pair even ended the first day in their new home.
Sacha Whitehead, 26, received donations after posting a call to action on Facebook. The financial adviser spent the night with her sister Lexi handing the generous contributions out to the homeless. Whitehead said she was spurred into action after reading a friends Facebook status about how the homeless would be suffering through the storm.
New York man caught on camera catcalling women in the street in front of anti-catcalling signs. He didn't realize he was being interviewed by Buzz60's Patrick Jones, who was doing a segment on catcalling .
Joseph Oberhansley, 34, is charged with murder and abuse of a corpse in the death of 46-year-old Tammy Jo Harbin Blanton last September. On Tuesday, Clark County Prosecutor Jeremy Mull asked for rape to be added to those charges and a judge will consider the request on May 4. The motion to change the charges comes after lab results for the victim's body were returned. Prosecutors say they will recommend the death penalty in the case  .
Xiaoming Gao was paid 'thousands of dollars to provide information on U.S. persons and a government employee' in November 2014, according to an FBI affidavit. The information was provided to individuals she thought to be Chinese intelligence officers. The affidavit also revealed that Gao lived with another State Department employee who had top-secret clearance. The US attorney's office, who released the affidavit, declined to prosecute, and the FBI has not revealed what they found in the storage facility.
WARNING: GRAPHIC CONTENT. Elijah McKenna, 11, suffered two wide, bloody gashes on his back of his head and numerous deep bite marks all over his body after a pack of rottweilers mauled him over the weekend. His 9-year-old sister, Alyssa McKenna, ran over and scared off the hounds so she could tend to him .
Amber Anderson, 27, has since been relieved of her duties at Christian Life Academy in Baton Rouge, Louisiana. She was booked into prison on Tuesday and is facing a charge of felony carnal knowledge of a juvenile. Anderson had been a math teacher at the school for three years and the alleged relationship took place during July and August of 2013. The victim remains a pulip at school.
Dozens of people fell ill at Cooden Beach Hotel in Bexhill-on-Sea, East Sussex. Health officials believe 100 people have been affected by the 'winter vomiting bug' Owner James Kimber has issued an apology to guests and staff .
Alice Liveing, from Gerrards Cross, Buckinghamshire, began her healthy journey just over a year ago. She has more than 102,000 followers on Instagram thanks to her healthy and delicious meals. Alice trains in the gym up to six times a week .
Tidal's $19.99-a-month app launched in New York on 30 March. Following the launch the app jumped to 4th place on the iOS music chart. It now ranks at 51 in the music category and 872 in the overall download chart in the US. In the UK the situation is worse, with the app ranking at 92 in the Music app category. By comparison, Pandora radio and Spotify occupy first and second spots respectively when the iOS and Google Play downloads are combined. It is not known why the app has dropped so significantly but the price may be considered too high for some users who downloaded it during the trial period .
Tracey Cox says that Gwyneth and Chris' amicable split is refreshing . She says there are lessons to be learnt from the couple on how to split amicably . Tracey says that there are some aspects to avoid.
Best-selling author Abigail Ahern's new style bible, Colour, is out now. Inspired by Kelly Wearstler's Malibu beachhouse and Jean-Louis Deniot's Parisian pad. Here are the designer's top ten tips to colour confidence .
New technique harnesses the power of the body's immune system and targets it at tumours. Survival rates in mice boosted by more than 50 per cent. Scientists are now recruiting patients with skin cancer for first human trial.
Karen Buckley, 24, went missing on a night out in Glasgow and her body was found on a farm on April 16. District Judge Nigel Cadbury made controversial comments during sentencing of Leanne Roberts, 21. He said: 'I find it incredible that young people can get so drunk they don’t even know who they’re with' Women's rights campaigners branded his comments 'insensitive' and 'unhelpful' . Rape Crisis said it was 'wholly inappropriate, irrelevant and insensitive'  .
Amanda Berry, 29, and Gina DeJesus, 25, have written a book, Hope: A Memoir of Survival in Cleveland, which will be released on April 27. The women have revealed the years of rapes, torture and psychological games at the hands of Ariel Castro, a man who lived close to their homes in Ohio. They were lured into his house with trust because his daughters were the girls' friends. The brave survivors have written the memoir .
Doris Fuller's daughter Natalie, 28, killed herself last month after stepping in front of a train in Baltimore, Maryland. She suffered from bipolar disorder and psychosis, which went undiagnosed until her early 20s. Now Fuller has revealed how her daughter's illness worsened over years and drove her to suicide. She said Natalie was 'the bravest person I have ever known' and that her death won't change that .
Prime Minister caught joking about Alex Salmond pinching people's wallets on ITV's This Morning. He made the comment as host Phillip Schofield moved on to the next item. Co-host Amanda Holden burst out laughing at remark.
Department store Myer will be holding a 75 per cent of designer label sale from Wednesday 22nd April. The sale will run until Sunday 26th or until sold out. Marks down will be between 65-75 per cent off .
Tennessee Judge Lila Statom has become a viral sensation thanks to her incredible take down of one gang member who dared try to claim an area as 'his hood' while in her courtroom. O'Shae Smith, 20, shot Kendre Allen, 18, in the hip in late March and is being held without bond. Statom said she wanted to show Smith he wasn't 'in control everywhere' 'Sir, East Lake Courts is not your hood, it's the citizens of the United States who own that because they work and pay taxes, you don't own that,' she said .
Police and bomb squad called after four-propeller, 50-centimeter wide drone spotted by member of Prime Minister's staff. Drone was equipped with a small camera and a plastic bottle containing small traces of a radioactive material, police said .
Samantha Cameron visited Growing Zone, an allotment garden project for adults and children with special needs. She was introduced to various activities by June Perkin, who founded the scheme seven years ago. Mrs Cameron has made several solo appearances during election campaign.
Courtney Brain, 16, was taken out of school at Skegness Academy when she visited GP for treatment. She was told she must make up the missed time for the 'unauthorised absence' Her mother Jane Burnham, 50, criticised 'mind-boggling' decision to punish Courtney.
Scientists at the University of Reading say chewing gum helps you forget a song. In a study people were less likely to think about it when chewing. And they were a third more likely to 'hear' the song when chewing gum. The results suggests same technique could stop other intrusive thoughts. The study is the first to examine the effects of chewing gum on earworms .
Long-haul travellers have never had more choice when it comes to making the most of a layover. Turkey hunting season begins in April and ends at the end of May at St. Cloud Regional Airport, in Minnesota. Singapore airport offers travellers a free two-hour city tour .
James Oatway took images of Mozambique national Emmanuel Sithole being stabbed and beaten by four men in Alexandra township near Johannesburg on Saturday. Pictures of the attack sent shockwaves around the world, with some accusing the journalist of not doing enough to prevent Mr Sithole's death. He said it was vital for people to see the brutality of the anti-immigrant protests that are sweeping the country. Four South African men accused of stabbing him appeared in court yesterday accused of murder  .
The Oscar-winning actor posted on social media that a 'Benjamin Cole' of Georgia was the relative dropped from the PBS show. Affleck's mother featured in the show, not because her ancestorbenefited from indenture, but because she had been a Freedom Rider. After learning one of his ancestors was a slave owner, Affleck pushed the network to leave that information out of the program it was first revealed by DailyMail Online. The admission suggests Affleck may have more than one slave ancestor.
Much of the comic book film, Avengers: Age of Ultron, was shot in Seoul in South Korea. Culture ministry agreed to cover a third of filming costs on the agreement the Republic of Korea is shown as 'high tech' and 'modern' The use of public funds in what appears to be an extreme case of product placement has been criticised. Officials are having to wait with the rest of the world to see if the film will lift country's reputation.
The Anthem of the Seas, which has 16 decks and can carry almost 5,000 passengers, towered over its sister ship as it left Southampton Docks this afternoon. Both cruise liners, which are both owned by Royal Caribbean International, will be based in Southampton and serve Europe and the Mediterranean this summer.
Lian Doyle, 24, pleaded guilty to perverting the course of justice at Winchester Crown Court. She helped to hide the trainers worn by Justin Robertson when he murdered Pennie Davis, 47. Robertson was paid £1,500 by the son of the victim's ex-lover to kill her in September last year. She was sentenced to 10 months in prison, but was released immediately after six months.
Three million knock-off condoms worth £1.3 million seized by police in Shanghai. Tests found they contained toxic metals such as mercury, lead and arsenic. Lubricating oil used on condoms was so disgusting it made officers feel sick, police said .
Mel Greig, 33, posted a blog post on Wednesday titled 'Are we embarrassed of IVF?' The radio host has started a personal crusade to help remove the stigma attached with IVF treatment. She married her fiancé Steven Pollack at Byron Bay in November. The couple's efforts to have a baby had been thwarted because she suffers from Endometriosis.
Will Hatton has made a career out of travelling the globe as The Broke Backpacker. The 26-year-old has visited nearly 50 countries over the last seven years and aims to reach 100 by the time he turns 30. He has been robbed on three separate occasions, once at knife point, crashed motorbikes and been strip-searched.
Carnival Spirit has finally arrived at Sydney Harbour after being stranded at sea for two days. The ship, carrying 2,500 holidaymakers and 1,500 crew, docked at the Overseas Passenger Terminal at 10am on Wednesday. It had been due to dock on Tuesday morning but Sydney Harbour was closed to traffic as conditions were so bad. Huge waves as high as 40 feet smashed glass panels, shattered plates and cups and left many on-board violently seasick .
The Queen presented the Duke of Edinburgh with the insignia of a Knight of the Order of Australia. The investiture ceremony was held at Windsor Castle on Wednesday. Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott made the announcement on Australia Day in January . The Queen agreed to the recommendation to knight her husband on January 7, 2015  .
In total, six tigers, a bear, a lion, a cougar, a black leopard and a liger were taken from Kenny Hetrick's Stony Ridge farm after it was found he did not have the correct permit. Authorities have also started cracking down on the owners of wild creatures following an incident in 2011 where a man in eastern Ohio released 56 exotic animals - including lions and tigers - then killed himself.
Duchess of Cambridge said her baby is due 'mid to late April' during a visit to London last month. April 25 is widely thought to be the Duchess' due date but Palace says it has never been confirmed. Bookmakers Ladbrokes say tomorrow and Friday are also popular with punters .
Emergency workers surrounded the Delta Air Lines plane at LaGuardia Airport. Passengers were still on board as firefighters used a thermal imaging camera to locate a potential heat source. The plane was taken out of service for inspection and any necessary maintenance.
Jaimie Hessel says her driver cut across lanes and drove down a bus lane during the 35-minute journey. She was stunned to receive a bizarre email from the cab-hailing app telling her she owed them thousands of dollars. Uber says it was a clerical error .
Marissa Holcomb, who is five months pregnant with her fourth child, was held at up at the Popeyes in Channelview, Texas, on March 31. A man armed with a handgun and his face concealed by a red beanie ran into the store and jumped the counter, forcing Holcomb to empty the registers before making off with $400.
Director of Public Prosecutions Alison Saunders 'ignored the advice' of top QCs to charge Labour peer. Clare Montgomery QC and Eleanor Laws QC offered advice which could have supported a move to prosecute. But Mrs Saunders decided it was not in the public interest to put Janner in the dock due to Alzheimer's.
Loretta Burroughs, 63, was found guilty last month of first-degree murder for stabbing her husband to death, dismembering him with a knife and a saw, packing the body parts into plastic containers, and dragging them with her as she moved three times in six years. She was arrested in May 2013 after her husband's body parts were found inside the guest bedroom closet of the Ventnor, New Jersey, home she was moving out of. Judge Michael Donlo compared the grisly murder to Al Capone's massacre .
Karen Reidy, 40, from Manchester, met Sakir Candan, 12 years her junior, on holiday in Marmaris in 2012. She went on to lose eight stone and slimmed from a dress size 22 to a size 12 during their relationship. But she was heartbroken when she found out he was two-timing her with another woman .
Headcase Barbers has reported 200 per cent surge in requests for the Nineties style. The bowl cut was made famous by Jim Carrey in Dumb and Dumber To. Celebrities including Rihanna, Robert Pattinson and Miley Cyrus have tried it.
Bella Hadid, 18, is just 18 months younger than her sister Gigi, 19. She is featured in the May issue of Elle magazine, which is published later this month.
Ann Rule, 84, is known for many of her crime books, notably the 1980 bestseller The Stranger Beside Me based on serial killer Ted Bundy. Her sons, Michael Rule, 51, and Andrew Rule, 54, are accused of defrauding and bullying her into giving them more than $125,000. The pair already receive a monthly allowance of $25,000 combined with their two sisters through their mother's corporation. Michael Rule is accused of forging his mother's signature on her checks from March 2014 to February 2015 amounting to $103,628. Prosecutors have filed a restraining order against both men to stay away from Ann Rule.
Aden Gould, 21, was banned from all 1,200 Sainsbury's stores after opening speakers in Stoke-on-Trent store. He was also told he had to pay a £150 'security fee' for opening the equipment.
Yvonne Ireland Evans terrorised Pauline Bruce and her family for seven years. She harassed them with silent calls, taunted her dying husband and attacked her son with a branch. Yvonne turned on Pauline after finding out she had struck up a friendship with another neighbour. She didn't even show any compassion when Tony was diagnosed with terminal cancer in 2011. Pauline said: 'Why do it when you know he's dying? Why cause us?'
Michelle Newman said she heard a 'pop' and looked up to see her son James' heels as he fell from the window. The child had fallen out of the window, which had been propped open to let in the breeze. James was 22 months old when he died and died from his injuries on April 20 .
Shannon Carter, 21, repeatedly struck Amelia Gledhill, 20, with the shoe during a night out in Bradford. The attack took place in a nightclub toilet after a row broke out between their friends earlier in the evening. The victim is said to have been left traumatised and is still having problems with her eyesight. Carter has been jailed for three-and-half years.
Moses Yitzchok Greenfeld, 19, from Stamford Hill, London, had been swimming with four friends in Hampstead Heath. He got into difficulty at 5.30pm on Wednesday and was pulled from the water at 11pm last night. Eyewitness said at least seven police officers stood on a bank and watched as the boys dived in and out. His body was later found by specialist divers.
Princess Beatrice arrived in Florence yesterday for the Condé Nast International Luxury Conference. She has spent the past 24 hours partying with fashion's biggest names at the Palazzo Corsini. Beatrice has faced criticism over the amount of time she spends abroad .
Paul Hellyer was a Canadian minister from 1963 to 1967. He is urging world powers to release what he believes to be hidden data on UFOs. Hellyer, 91, first went public with his belief in aliens on Earth in 2005, becoming the first high ranking politician.
Amateur photographer Nicolas Locatelli, 20, snapped the unusual cloud in the sky above Briones Regional Park, in California. The image went viral on Reddit after his friends suggested he upload it to the site.
Robert Butler, 43, was transported inside a shipping container from Bannister House in Providence, Rhode Island to the Eleanor Slater Hospital in Cranston on Sunday. The operation took almost seven hours on Sunday and involved the Providence and Cranston fire departments, Lifespan, the Hospital Association of Rhode Island and Bay Crane Northeast .
Arthur Townsend, 92, poured product over Mercedes Sprinter belonging to Martin Carter, son of his friend Olive Carter, 96. Retired antiques restorer became angry with Mr Carter, who he believed was making his mother stay at home. He was given a lift in a car to Mr Carter’s address in Essex.
Lt. Dan was born without a paw and fellow breeders suggested to his original owner Karen Riddle that he should be put down because he might be too sick to live. But Riddle didn't buy it and decided to find a home for him with a wounded veteran or special needs child. On Monday, the nine-week-old puppy was given to three-year-old Sapphyre Johnson who is missing both of her feet. 'He's just like me!,' the toddler exclaimed with joy the first time she ever saw a photo of Lt. Dan. The two will grow up together together.
Gayla Neufeld, 52, says men love her 'perfect belly' and she gets approached by bodybuilders and doctors. Gayla inherited her family's unusual legacy of piling weight around the midriff. She married at 19 but her husband was embarassed by her size and they divorced in 1999.
Woman dumped his iMac, iPhone, iPad and accessories in the bath tub. She then took photos of the gadget Jacuzzi, and sent them to him. Retweeted more than 15,400 times.
Alondra Luna Nunez can be seen screaming and fighting with every ounce of her energy as she is dragged out of her school in front of her mother in Guanajuato in central Mexico last week. She pleaded with the officers, who were working for Interpol, not to take her from her parents. A judge ignored her parents' pleas and put Alondra on a bus to Houston, Texas, with Dorotea Garcia, a Houston woman. Garcia claimed the girl was her daughter who had been illegally taken to Mexico by her father in 2007. AlONDra is now back with her real family after a DNA test proved that she was not the daughter of Garcia .
New York's LaGuardia Airport has been named as the most frustrating airport in North America. LAX in Los Angeles is America's second busiest airport in terms of passengers handled each year. Hurghada International Airport in Egypt has been described as 'like the Walmart of airports' .
Geoff Barrow said he received just £1,700 in royalties despite his songs being played 34million times. He said he has nothing against streaming, but wants musicians to be paid more for their music. Artists have long railed against the low royalties paid from streaming companies.
The flub by a graphics person, made on the East Coast feed of the morning show, was corrected for broadcasts in other time zones and online. Today had interviewed 70-year-old Michaels for a story Matt Lauer did on a New York gathering of influential people.
Assistant Commissioner Mark Rowley said ISIS trying to 'pick up' potential fighters among 'vulnerable' . Warned of new tactics among Islamist fanatics at the Counter-Terror Expo in Olympia, west London. He said there had been a 'step-change' in the scope and scale of terror threats. More than 600 British jihadists have travelled to join ISIS, with half returning to UK.
Neanderthals may have died out because they were unable to get as much energy from their food as modern humans who used fire. Archaeologists at Boston University and the University of Bath believe this would have meant they lost out when modern humans arrived from Africa. Without fire, a group of Neanderthals would have had less energy than humans.
A third of adults shun the storage possibilities of the internet and still keep their most important papers in a shoebox. Ten per cent are even more relaxed about treasured photos, letters and mementos – leaving them lying around in piles.
Shaun Bryan, 23, was the intended target of the shot which paralysed five-year-old Thusha Kamaleswaran in 2011. He has now been jailed for a separate crime in which he subjected two women to a 'ruthless attack'  .
Angie Donohue has told how her husband of four years tried to hire someone to kill her, even from his prison cell. She said he became increasingly possessive, always checking her whereabouts and dictating exactly what she could and could not do. Once she fell pregnant, she said things started to get progressively worse . She was forced into hiding after he stalked and terrorised her before trying to hire 'various people' for money . After the birth of their son, he struck his youngest and most vulnerable son, striking him in the face .
Researchers at Vanderbilt University in Tennessee explored how best to minimise the risk of infection after surgery. They found that soft toys brought into the operating theatre by children served as a breeding ground for bacteria. They urged parents to be aware of the dangers comfort items could pose.
Smart phones and social media often cause nightmare for men and women on dates. Blu e-cigarettes have listed the top ten ways to avoid showing yourself up. They include leaving conversations about dating app Tinder to evenings with your friends.
Lucy Southern worked behind the bar at a hotel owned by Britannia Hotels in Leeds . She was quizzed about her sex life and asked whether she wore stockings in bed by her line manager. Alex Nkoroi then began touching her, slapping her bottom and kissing her on the neck. Miss Southern kept silent because she feared her hours would be cut if she spoke out  .
Churchill Downs is inviting John Sutton Jr, 84, to attend his 76th-straight Kentucky Derby as their special guest on May 2. Sutton was just 8 years old in 1940 when his father brought him to his first race, and the two bet against the favorite on a horse called Gallahadion. Every year since then, Sutton has attended the Kentucky Derby and has collected each year's program .
Hamayun Tariq, 37, shared four images on Twitter of a room where he claims to make IEDs. Components are seen organised on shelves and bomb-making equipment neatly laid out on work surfaces. Father-of-two says he hopes the room will emerge as 'the best Electronics LAB in the Islamic state' . He served a sentence for fraud in the UK before joining ISIS in Syria last year. He specialises in posting detailed instructions on how to build bombs .
Nicholas Connors gave a rousing performance ahead of the Houston Rockets and Dallas Mavericks NBA playoffs game - with one of his favorite NFL players watching from the sidelines, Houston Texans defensive lineman J.J. Watt.
Maickel Melamed, 39, has a rare form of muscular dystrophy that makes it hard for him to just walk or move. But he didn't let that stop him from finishing his fifth marathon at 5am Tuesday morning. The athlete, who has completed four other marathons, said Boston's hilly track became especially tough around mile 24, but his trainers kept him.
Carphone Warehouse's iD mobile network will launch in May and offer free roaming in 22 countries. The firm's boss told MailOnline the aim is to offer features that customers want, including 12-month contracts and affordable 4G handsets. The iD website will launch tomorrow where people can register their interest. The full range of plans and offers will be announced as they become available, but an example offers the Samsung A3 for £19.50.
David Cameron will promise extra free childcare for 600,000 children a year to counter spiralling costs. Prime Minister will say the expense of nurseries and childminders is a major barrier to employment. Conservatives have pledged to reduce tax relief on pension contributions.
The unhappy diner posted a picture of her unappetising salad to franchise's Facebook account where it was 'liked' over 2,000 times. Hog's Breath Cafe Australian general manager Ross Worth said he had taken immediate action to make sure an instance like this will never happen again.
Items come from the lifetime collection of an anonymous single lady owner, and her family are now selling them and donating the money to charity. House & Son Auctioneers in Bournemouth, Dorset, will rival the likes of Harrods and Selfridges .
In U.S. schools last year, almost 800 school employees were prosecuted for sexual assault. Nearly a third of them were women, according to the Department of Education. The proportion of women facing charges seems to be higher than in years past. The Twitter furor ignited by the April SNL skit indicates how attitudes are changing .
Norwegian Government said it will turn off its FM transmitters on January 11 2017. The UK had planned to switch off its own FM service by 2018 but the plans were later shelved. It is now not expected to happen until 2020 .
The California firm said it will announce a 'home battery' and a 'very large utility scale battery' in a letter sent to investors. The company already offers battery packs for its SolarCity project, but it is unclear whether the latest product will build on this design. It is likely to build on the power packs used in Tesla's cars.
More than a third of NHS trusts are considering rationing some types of surgery and other treatments. Obese patients could be denied varicose vein treatment, hip and knee replacement, and breast reduction surgery. Smokers could be banned from having IVF on the NHS.
The Wall Street Journal reported Wednesday that Carly Fiorina will launch a formal campaign on May 4. But a Fiorina spokeswoman told Daily Mail Online that it's just a rumor at this point. 'I am not confirming the WSJ story,' spokeswoman Sarah Isgur Flores said. Fiorina would be the fourth Republican in the presidential race, following Senators Ted Cruz, Rand Paul and Marco Rubio. Retired pediatric neurosurgeon Ben Carson is also expected to announce his candidacy May 4 .
As a candidate for president in 2008, Obama promised to use the term to describe the mass murder if elected. But he has not followed through despite calls from the most famous Armenian-American, Kim Kardashian, and the Pope for the world to recognize the killings as a genocide. The Pope has also called the slaughter 'the first genocide of the 20th century'  .
Claire Sweeney, 44, has turned to hypnotherapist Susan Hepburn to help her shed two stone. Former Brookside actress gave birth to son Jaxton in September. Hepburn famously helped Lily Allen slim form a size 14 to an 8 in 2009 .
SwiftKey analysed more than one billion sets of emoji data to learn how 16 different languages and regions use emoji. Happy faces, including winks, kisses, smiles and grins were the most popular across all regions, making up 45 per cent of all the messages studied. Sad faces were in second place followed by hearts, which includes all colours of hearts and the broken heart emoji. Hand gestures such as thumbs up, clapping hands and the peace were in fourth, followed by romantic emoji, such as the lipstick kiss mark, love letter and couple kissing. The French use them the least .
MailOnline Travel looks at the top travel hacks that can cure any seaside holiday struggle. From sunburns to broken flip flops and water-logged phones, these hacks can help make your holiday go off without a hitch .
Zachary Cain Stickler, 34, had been accused of physically assaulting his then-partner in February. He appeared in court on Friday and pleaded not guilty to making criminal threats and battery charges. It is believed Stickler intentionally crashed his Cessna plane into a field in California on Saturday morning, killing himself .
Teng Jiazhi or 'Uncle Teng,' from Shenyang, North China, came up with the unique tipping system ten years ago. On average, he picks up as many as eighty passengers a day and at least twenty take selfies with him. He uploads them to social media.
Erica Avery was cuffed and hauled out of a Broward County courtroom Tuesday after being accused of using the internet. Prosecutors said photos of the 17-year-old were posted to social media and one of them shows her using a smart phone. Avery and four other teens are charged with armed sexual battery and kidnapping in connection with the 2013 assault on a victim in Hollywood, Florida  .
Anna James, 32, has vowed to defy the school's ban on taking her children to the 'Obby 'Oss celebrations' She said the festival is part of her 'religion, culture and heritage' The school blocked her request under a government crackdown on unauthorised absences. Mrs James said she would be willing to take consequences of any police action.
Abi Gordon-Cody, 26, from Droitwich, Worcestershire, works as a special effects make-up artist. Her Instagram posts of severed fingers, rotting flesh and impaled limbs may seem like the work of violent people.
Alice Barker snapped her fingers and sang along as videos of her routines as a chorus line dancer during the 1930s Harlem Renaissance played on the screen. She had danced at legendary clubs like the Apollo, Cotton Club and Zanzibar Club, and had appeared in movies commercials and television shows. She didn't even have any photographs or memorabilia to remember.
Magnificent carpets of wild bluebells have sprung up this week, adding beautiful splashes of colour to balmy spring weather. Photographs taken today in Micheldever Woods, Hampshire, show the flowers in full bloom weeks earlier than expected. But the fine weather by much of the country is set to be replaced by April showers this weekend. Parts of northern Scotland could even see daytime temperatures drop to 10C by Monday and there is a chance of snow on higher ground.
Ukip leader Nigel Farage tells ITV's Julie Etchingham about his childhood in Deal, Kent. He discusses his love of skinny-dipping in the icy waters of the English Channel as a boy. The 51-year-old also discusses his battle with testicular cancer and family life.
Eloise Aimee Parry, 21, from Shrewsbury, died after taking eight - six more than the fatal dose. She 'burned up from within' after taking the 'diet pills', her mother said. Five others have died since 2008 from the potentially fatal drug.
Rajpal Singh, 34, had swallowed 140 coins, 150 nails and nuts and bolts over a three year period. He had also gulped down screws, nails and magnets and nuts, bolts and batteries. Doctors carried out 240 endoscopy procedures to remove the objects, as well as a nine-hour operation to remove more.
Cengiz Guven is the supervisor of site security at Lone Pine, the hilltop battlefield cemetery that will host the second Australian dawn service on Anzac Day. The 30-year-old security manager from Istanbul has protected Russell Crowe, Naomi Campbell and Aerosmith rocker Steve Tyler. More than 10,000 Australians and New Zealanders are expected to attend the ceremony .
Lib Dem leader condemned David Cameron's appeal to UKIP supporters to 'come home' Warned the 'bandwagons of the far right' are encircling an 'increasingly hapless Conservative leadership' . Admitted his wife and sons had been secretly running a food blog - MumAndSons - posting recipes and photographs online. His wife Miriam González Durantez has been writing a cooking blog with her children for three years. Mr Clegg is such a bad cook his wife only lets him do the washing up, he told MailOnline. The Lib Dem leader admitted his 'rubbishness' in the kitchen after it emerged his wife's blog was secretly running. He said he is 'not a very good cook' and his own cooking abilities do not stretch to toast.
250 cases of malignant melanoma are registered each year by those working outside in industries such as construction, agriculture and leisure. Institution of Occupational Safety and Health urges businesses to improve 'sun safety'
Giant internal organ reportedly weighed a colossal 6lbs (2.7kg) and was 20 times bigger than it should have been. extracted from 45-year-old suffering from autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease. Condition causes fluid-filled cysts to grow in the kidneys.
Holly Nicole Solomon, now 31, admitted to running over her husband Daniel in a Mesa, Arizona, parking lot. She was six months pregnant at the time of the incident and was driving in circles around the parking lot . She originally pleaded not guilty to charges of aggravated assault and disorderly conduct. She will serve three and a half years.
'Climate change can no longer be denied. It can’t be edited out,' he said this afternoon in a speech at Everglades National Park commemorating Earth Day. 'That’s why I’ve committed the United States to lead the world in combatting this threat,' Obama said. The day trip to South Florida also highlighted the massive amount of fuel it takes to power Air Force One.
Robert Preston Boardwine provided his friend Joyce Rosemary Bruce with sperm and she impregnated herself using the kitchen accessory in 2010. The Virginia Court of Appeals ruled Tuesday that as the child's biological father, Mr Boardwine is more than a sperm donor and is entitled to be a part of his son's life.
Aldi is under fire for failing to notify customers of a 0.5 percent surcharge on credit card fees. The Australian Securities and Investments Commission took action against the supermarket last year. ASIC also found that ALDI failed to disclose the surcharge it charges consumers paying by credit card in some of its stores   .
Steve Spowart helped the horses' owner, Sonia Sharrock, to lead the animals to safety near Dungog, in the NSW Hunter region. Three people died in the severe weather, four houses were washed away and the town received the most rainfall it had in 100 years. NSW Premier called on flood victims to 'hang tough' as the storm slowly moved down the south coast.
The Trussell Trust claimed that 1 million people were fed from its branches last year. Labour and the TUC seized on the figures as 'shocking' evidence that millions need emergency food. But Tory benefits chief Iain Duncan Smith said the figures were 'unverified'  .
Sharon and Nick Chalwell put out a desperate call earlier this month after nine failed rounds of IVF and one failed egg donor attempt. A call-out on their local radio station put them in touch with Shannon Mann, who they asked to be their donor. Ms Mann, 22, has a two-year-old son, Lucas, who she conceived while on contraception .
Advisers to President Tomislav Nikolic described being. 'thrown around the cabin' when plane began tumbling through air. French-built Falcon 50 - a 34-year-old. aircraft - landed safely back in Belgrade, but Nikolic cancelled visit.
Omar Hallak, principal of Islamic school Al-Taqwa College in Melbourne, banned female students from running. Former teachers have sent a letter to state and federal education ministers claiming he is discriminating against female students. They claim he believes there is 'scientific evidence' to back his claims. The Victorian Registration and Qualifications Authority is currently investigating the allegations.
The NFL expects 6,000 of nearly 20,000 retired players to suffer from Alzheimer's disease or dementia someday. The settlement approved on Wednesday by a federal judge in Philadelphia would pay them about $190,000 on average. Settlement also includes allowing for monetary awards of up to $5million per claimant for serious medical conditions associated with repeated head trauma. About 200 NFL retirees or their families have rejected the settlement.
£2.99 app is designed to help you edit your portrait photographs into 'perfection' Can remove spots, improve skin texture and enhance eyes. Can also fix grey hair, reshape your face and even fill in bald patches .
Austin Hatfield, 18, found the venomous water moccasin, also known as a cottonmouth, near his Wimauma home last week. He'd been keeping the serpent in a pillowcase when it escaped over the weekend. Bites from the cottonmouth are known to cause extreme swelling and can lead to death.
Lucas Hinch, who runs an organic herb and tea shop, was cited for discharging a firearm within city limits after officers responded to a 'shots fired' call early on Monday evening. A judge will decide what penalty the citation carries, and Hinch is good-natured.
Sid Ahmed Ghlam, 24, shot himself in the leg before his arrest by anti-terrorist officers in Paris. Police found Arabic documents mentioning ISIS and Al Qaeda at IT student's home. Also found evidence he was in contact with a man in Syria 'who asked him to target a church' . Arrest came just hours after murder of Aurelie Chatelain, 33, in Paris suburb of Villejuif. Mother and fitness instructor was shot dead as she sat in her car in car park on Sunday morning. Investigators reportedly claim DNA evidence links him to her murder  .
Five-year-old Iranian girl has spent more than a year in Nauru detention centre. She has self-harmed by swallowing shampoo and nails and has been diagnosed with post-traumatic stress disorder. Lawyers are fighting to stop the girl being sent back to the island.
Human traffickers run huge benefit frauds in UK, including one used to fund housing development in Slovakia. The vile trade also includes the sale of young girls for prostitution and sham marriages. In some cases, 'customers' from outside the EU are requesting women with EU passports so they can make them pregnant. The migrants then claim they have a human right to a family life in the UK to raise the child, the report says .
Seven of the costumes from the 1965 classic, along with a VHS cassette tape of the film signed by actor Dan Truitt, are expected to fetch $800,000 when they are auctioned off at Nate D. Sanders on April 30. The costumes are being auctioned as one single lot at the auctioneer's website.
Samantha Rawcliffe, 40, suddenly lost all control of her body and crashed her car last May. In the days after the accident she was shaking uncontrollably and wet herself repeatedly. She blamed the shaking on her shock and thought she had a trapped nerve. Tests revealed she was suffering functional neurological disorder, an umbrella term for a variety of neurological symptoms that doctors cannot explain. Mrs Rawcliffe is now confined to her home, unable to walk and relies on a mobility scooter. She has to take 32 tablets each day to treat symptoms.
State-controlled Gazprom is a vital supplier of energy to. Europe despite the EU's frequent political disputes with Moscow. EU antitrust chief Margrethe Vestager said Gazprom was barring EU clients from selling on its gas to other.
Noaa Fisheries in Maryland says the humpback whale is no longer endangered. They want to break up global population into 14 sub-populations. Ten of these will be 'not at risk', two 'threatened' and two 'endangered' It follows a conservation 'success story' that raised numbers to 90,000. Some experts warn it is too soon.
Ricky Woolaston, 35, posed as a university maintenance engineer to gain access to students' homes. He would steal laptops and mobile phones to feed his drug habit but was caught when he left behind a police charge sheet. He has now been sentenced to four years in prison for five burglaries.
For the first time ever, fans can see a detailed breakdown of how support for every club varies around the world. The map was created by looking at the official Twitter accounts for each team, using their followers as an indicator of allegiance. Arsenal are the most popular team with 5.6million followers, followed by Chelsea (5.4m) and Manchester United (4.8m) across the globe .
Scientists in Belgium say all sweet potatoes contain 'foreign DNA' Agrobacterium bacteria in the crop exchanges genes between species. This makes sweet potatoes a 'natural genetically modified organism' And humans have been eating it for thousands of years. The remarkable finding of ‘foreign DNA’ in the vegetable shows that it contains a type of natural genetically modified organisms (GMO) The research was conducted by scientists from Ghent University in Belgium and the International Potato Institute.
Gregg Manderson, 68, of St Paul, Minnesota, first sought medical help after he got Twinkle Twinkle Little Star stuck in his head last May. He has also hallucinated the theme song to the 1950s television show Cheyenne. Dr Khalaf Alla Bushara and Roger Dumas of the Minneapolis VA Medical Center are trying to cure.
Charlotte Blakeway was found dead in the bath at her home in Shropshire after suffering an epileptic fit. The 17-year-old had been studying film, performance, English and sociology at Shrewsbury Sixth Form College. Her mother Elizabeth said her daughter was a talented singer who dreamed of becoming an actress. Friends have paid tribute to Miss Blakeway .
Matthew Riches allegedly dropped the drug into the clubber's drink at The Roof Gardens in Kensington last year. The 29-year-old, from Epsom in Surrey, appeared at Isleworth Crown Court today to face trial .
Police have arrested a 27-year-old man who tried to flee the area after officers found a woman's body in the boot of his car. The man ran into bushland after police stopped a blue Hyundai Getz car on the Bermagui to Tathra Road in the Bega Valley, on the far south coast of NSW, just after 8.30pm.
The former secretary of state flew first class from Boston to Washington, D.C. Tuesday night after wrapping up a two-day New Hampshire campaign trip. 'Mrs. Clinton, when are you going to start talking to the press about Benghazi?' Daily Mail Online asked her. The usually garrulous and broad-smiling Clinton stared straight ahead, continued walking alongside her Secret Service and local police escorts, and said nothing. The September 11, 2012 Benghazi terror attacks killed four Americans including the US ambassador to Libya. The Islamist terror group Ansar al-Shariah laid waste to a State Department facility while she was America's top diplomat.
Hayley Carney will undergo surgery to complete her gender transition before moving to Plymouth. She will then have six months to apply for a marriage visa, which will set her on the path to citizenship. Ms Carney, formerly known as Robert, said she has been dreaming of a life in Britain since childhood.
Robbie Knievel, 52, was speeding in an SUV on Tuesday evening when he rear-ended a Honda, causing a chain-reaction crash involving two other vehicles. No one was injured in the crash in Butte, Montana - the town his daredevil father helped make famous. Officers noticed that he had a bloody lip and smelled of alcohol, but he refused to perform a breath test and so officers got a search warrant to take a blood sample  .
Sheep farmer Tom Hamilton was tending to a lamb when Don the border collie took control of the vehicle. The tractor crashed through a fence and onto the M74 near Abington in South Lanarkshire. Don was unhurt in the ordeal but the incident caused major tailbacks on the motorway .
Of the 446 people on board the Italian rescue vessel, the navy said 59 of them were children. They were dropped off in the Sicilian port of Augusta after their smuggler boat was picked up off the Italian mainland. Their parents had gambled everything to seek a new life in Europe and on this occasion they were lucky it didn't end.
Dr Christopher Valentine, 52, was sacked from a sexual health clinic nine years ago for photographing patients. He was not struck off and went to work at an NHS service for drug addicts and alcoholics. But a nurse saw images of a semi-naked man on his iPod Touch during a night out. Fiona White was stunned to find the pictures while looking at others he had taken of colleagues. Valentine admitted ten allegations of taking photographs without medical reason or consent.
William Smith was just 15 when he fell in love with his best friend's mother, Marilyn Buttigieg, then 44. The couple, from Crawley, West Sussex, shared their first date and kiss in September 2005. They came under fire from family and friends .
Ukip leader said 'millions' of refugees could arrive on boats in Europe over the next few years. He urged David Cameron to resist pressure for Britain to take in large numbers of refugees. Up to 30,000 migrants, including 2,500 children, could be killed this year unless crisis is tackled. EU leaders are meeting tomorrow in emergency summit in Brussels.
BBC2 boss Kim Shillinglaw said Clarkson 'will be back' on the BBC but not on Top Gear. She insisted there was 'no ban on Jeremy being on BBC' and that he would return once he had 'had some time' Clarkson's final moments on the motoring show will be aired this summer, she said.
Noise-induced hearing loss is one of the most common work-related illnesses. Scientists have identified a gene, named Nox3, found in the inner ear, that is crucial in determining how vulnerable a person is.
The Real Housewife broke down in tears and went into full meltdown as observers revealed she bolted from the room where Dr Phil had offered to help place her in a top treatment program. Richards apparently snubbed Dr Phil's offer of help as eyewitnesses in the hallway heard her scream 'F***', and other obscenities when she ran out of the room and down the hall. Richards, 50, was arrested last week and charged with public intoxication, trespassing and resisting an officer.
University of Illinois scientists have created the first 3D simulation of merging black holes in a disk. It shows what happens when two supermassive black holes collide. Material swirls around the objects in a quasar and jets fire out from the poles in the merger. It comes after two black holes were found to be seven years away from merging. The simulation could provide an insight into what will happen if - or when - they merge in the future .
The UCO Stormproof Matches are made using an incredibly tough coating that smoulders no matter what happens to them. The matches have to go through rigorous testing to make sure they keep alight in even the most difficult situations. They can also keep smouldering even while underwater .
Palaeontologists say male stegosaurus could have used them to show off their prowess in much the same way as peacocks do today. They say the key differences between the sexes lie in bones near the base of the tail. It raises the prospect that the dinosaurs used its giant bony protrusions to attract a mate to a mate.
Laura Eugenia Smith, 35, faces multiple charges, including DUI, child endangerment and public intoxication. Police say a witness noticed the girl driving Smith's car with Smith sitting in the passenger seat. Josh Staten followed the vehicle into an auto parts store parking lot. He used his truck to block the exit so that Smith could not leave while he called police  .
Belle Gibson has admitted she never had cancer in an interview with the Australian Women's Weekly . The Whole Pantry founder said: 'None of it is true' . She said she was not seeking forgiveness and that she did not seek forgiveness . Ms Gibson's business empire was destroyed and her online community in tatters. She is thought to be struggling financially .
Raquel D'Apice, a comedian and mother-of-one from New Jersey, has put her own personal spin on crowd-sourced assessments by creating Yelp Reviews of Newborns, an entertaining collection of spoof critiques  .
Yom Hazikaron - or Memorial Day - is held the day before Israel's independence day. It links the sacrifice of soldiers with the creation and protection of the state. Under law all places of entertainment, including cinemas, are closed by law on the day. Many Israelis attend memorial services for relatives and friends who died.
Papyrus found in Oxyrhynchus, Egypt, contains a medical 'recipe' for treating a hangover. It recommends stringing the leaves of a shrub called Alexandrian chamaedaphne together and wearing it around the neck to relieve headaches .
Graeme Finlay, 53, insisted he acted in self-defence after being attacked by Ron Phillips, 70. The couple were knocked unconscious after he allegedly assaulted them outside their cabin. Finlay said he only swung his arms to defend himself when Mr Phillips went for him with his crutch .
Cetaphil Gentle Cleanser is fragrance and soap free and contains just eight ingredients. Dermatologists developed it for people with highly sensitive skin so it is often favoured by ezcema and psoriasis sufferers. Its formula suits all ages, from babies to mums and the elderly.
Monica McDermott, 41, could not walk straight when police stopped her Lexus on a road in Macclesfield, Cheshire. Mother-of-one refused to give a breath sample and had to be restrained when she tried to climb out of patrol car. When officers breathalyzed her she was three times over the legal limit. McDermott pleaded guilty to drink driving and was banned from driving for four years at court .
RSPCA officers discovered the five illegal pit bull terrier-type dogs at a make-shift farm in Lancashire. The animals were held in electrical shock collars, covered with scars and kept in urine-soaked cages without water. One of the dogs ears had been bitten off and one had a large number of scars. Three men involved in illegal dog fights have been fined £40,000.
In all 1,177 Barrio 18 members were transferred from Izalco jail to San Francisco Gotera penitentiary. They will mix with rivals from the hyper-violent Mara Salvatrucha gang, or MS-13, at the jail. The policy of mixing the gangs together came about when officials realised gangs were directing criminal activity from within prison walls. So far this year, gang members have been blamed for killing 20 police officers, two soldiers, six prison guards and a prosecutor  .
'N' was just 11 when she was lured to his beach house where he showed her vile films of adults raping children. She was one of two young girls Glitter was convicted of abusing when he lived in Vung Tau in 2006. 'I cry out in my sleep almost every night. I dream that it (the abuse by Glitter) is happening again'
Erik de Vries, 24, and Josephine Egberts, 22, were separated back in 1999 after their parents' messy break-up. The pair were reunited after they were matched unwittingly on Tinder .
Hardy was convicted by a judge last July of beating, strangling and threatening to kill his ex-girlfriend, Nicki Holder. Charges were later dropped on appeal when Holder could not be located to testify. He will be forced to sit out the first 10 games of the 2015 season and will not receive his salary for these games   .
Sir James Munby says parents should use 'carrot and stick' approach to get children to do things they don't want to do. He suggested confiscating mobiles and electronic gadgets, grounding teenagers and 'threats falling short of brute force'
The Apple Watch 1 will go on sale on April 24 in nine countries and is expected to sell out in a few hours. The watch will retail from $499 for the cheapest version right up to $24,000 for an 18-carat model. Some tech experts say the first version of the Apple Watch might simply be 'a waste of money' for some consumers .
Prime Minister said Labour had left millions of people trapped on welfare in a system which 'punished the poor' Accused Ed Miliband and Ed Balls of having 'some brass neck' by attacking the Tories for failing the poor. He said: 'Don't you dare lecture us on poverty'
Christopher Starrs, 50, admitted defrauding BT of £28,000 in two-and-a-half year expenses scam. Wheelchair-bound manager was given 16-month suspended sentence and ordered to pay £1,500 fine in January. Judge Nicholas Cooke QC blasted Recorder Stuart Trimmer for 'taking his eye off the ball' and passing 'unlawful sentence'
UK passengers faced more holiday chaos than during the same period last year. In the first four months of the year, there have so far been 5,080 flight cancellations. Low-cost carrier Monarch has seen the greatest increase in delays so far .
Shanice Farier, 22, earned a 'decent salary' and received handouts from her father but that wasn't enough for her expensive taste. She helped herself to money from Kanoo Travel in Derby and spent it staying in hotels and living 'an opulent lifestyle' Judge John Burgess chastised her for her greed before ordering her to do 240 hours of unpaid work at Derby Crown Court.
Sarabi escaped from handlers in Anchorage on March 21 after being dropped by musher Laura Allaway's team. The three-year-old dog was spotted on April 15 near Glenn Highway and then again last Friday near Reverend Tim Carrick's church. Carrick and his family set up a cage trap and used four bowls of dog kibbles and chicken stock.
Natali Castellanos-Tyler, 30, a married mother of three from Chesterfield County, Virginia, was returning home from a birthday party February 21 with her daughter, Elisa, in the backseat when she supposedly slid off a rain-soaked road, slammed her Ford Explorer into a tree and died at the scene. Investigators concluded that the crash was a one-car collision caused by poor road conditions. Elisa Tyler emerged from the accident largely unscathed, but her father, Craig Tyler, says the little girl has been plagued by disturbing nightmares and daytime visions .
Martin Springall, 38, photographed his daughter standing near a rocky outcrop in Zushi, Japan, in July 2014. A pair of black boots are clearly seen behind the little girl - even though her photographer father apparently does not recall a person standing there. Sceptics have suggested the boots could be samurai boots - although others are not so sure.
Tracy Walters, 48, died after her husband Ian's car veered off the M1 motorway in March last year. She was flown to hospital by helicopter but died two days after the crash in Markfield, Leicester . Ian Walters, 51, was charged with her murder two months later ten days after her funeral . Prosecution claim she died because she couldn't cope with her husband's sexual demands . But Walters, a church treasurer, said their sex life was 'very exciting and adventurous'  .
Barry Selby, 54, was eating a bag of Tesco cheese and onion crisps when he found the 'skull' snack. The floor-fitter has decided to keep the two inches tall by two-and-a-half inches wide.
Brett Robinson, 33, is facing 12 charges related to sexual misconduct and official misconduct. She struck up a relationship with an inmate at Washington County Jail in March last year. She allegedly let him out of his cell and had sex with him six times in four months. Robinson is hoping to use an insanity defense, claiming she was 'vulnerable, passive and gullible' . Case follows that of her colleague Lisa Curry, 39, who was sentenced to four years prison .
Claims by The Trussell Trust that it served a million hungry people in a year were exposed as false yesterday. It emerged last night that the true number of users is likely to be no more than half a million – and possibly lower still  .
The 34-year-old actor lost 30 pounds for 2014 thriller Nightcrawler and had to put that weight back on before gaining an extra 15 pounds of muscle for Southpaw. He also worked out for six hours per day, including 2,000 sit ups, 1,000 each morning and the same at night. Gyllenhaal also attended several boxing matches to watch how real fighters move in the ring.
Aston Martin DB4 Cabriolet once belonged to Spartacus star Peter Ustinov. He bought it in 1962 after winning Best Supporting Actor Oscar for role in Spartacus. It cost £4,000 and was delivered to him at a Swiss hotel at a time when average house price was £2,500. The car is expected to fetch £1million when it goes up for auction next month.
Spain's Queen Letizia was joined by husband King Felipe for lunch at Casa Real in Madrid. Joined by award-winning writer Juan Goytisolo for lunch in his honour. Today's lunch is the second literary event in less than 24 hours for royal.
The James Webb Space Telescope will be 100 times more potent than Hubble. It will be able to see back to 200 million years after the Big Bang. JWST's main mirror will be 21ft (6.5 metres) in diameter, three times as large as Hubble's. Infra-red capability will help it observe distant celestial bodies, and its camera shutter will remain open for long periods.
Baboucarr Ceesay, 21, is believed to have died on the fishing boat in a 'desperate' attempt to seek a new life in the UK. His aunt Jessica Sey, from Cheltenham, has spoken of her devastation after discovering he was not among 27 survivors. She said: 'He had his head turned and his money taken by criminals who are responsible for thousands of deaths' .
David Norris, 51, pounced on his wife Dionne in the graveyard of St Nicholas Church, Southfleet, Kent. She was about to lay flowers at the grave of his grandmother's grave when he attacked her. He only stopped stabbing her when she 'played dead' and a member of the public intervened .
Male competitors on Bear Grylls' show had not eaten for two weeks when they killed the crocodile. It was thought to be a common caiman - a small, relatively common reptile. But it has now been revealed to be an endangered species.
Fashion Targets Breast Cancer, the charity founded by Ralph Lauren in 1994, has cast plus-size models in its new campaign. Starring models from sizes 10 to 20, this year's focus is all about uniting women of all shapes.
Food website Food52's 'Not Sad Desk Lunch' series demonstrates how to bring healthy, cost-effective and delicious lunches to work. Recipes show how to make everything from easy-to-assemble options such as cheese and crackers, to more complicated steamed Chinese buns, and Vietnamese banh mi sandwiches.   .
Three men aged in their 50s and from the York area were arrested this morning. Body of the missing chef, who was 35 when she disappeared in 2009, has still not been found. Police and forensic officers working at three houses not far from where she lived. Searches expected to continue over a number of days.
The 1962 Aston Martin DB4 Series III will be worth three times its £220,000 price if fully restored. The British vehicle was supplied new in July 1961 to a Robert Drummond of London in SW1. It was off the road in storage when bought by the current owner in 1982 as a restoration project. Restoration project will cost up to £350,000 to complete.
Trooper Abraham Martinez, a 10-year veteran trooper, took chase in December 2012 when Steven Gaydos ran a stop sign near Houston. Gaydos knew he was being pursued but drove off because he was driving on a suspended license. Troopers followed him for nearly 40 miles at speeds of 130 mph before Martinez pulled alongside him and fired four times through the window of his moving car, striking him once in the thigh. Martinez was ultimately suspended for three days without pay .
The underwear is adorned with beads and would have been sewn together by a woman using strips of seal pelt. It is currently on display at the National Museum of Denmark in Copenhagen as part of its animal-skin clothing collection. It was obtained during an expedition to the Ammassalik settlement in Greenland in 1892 by Captain C. Ryder. The naatsit was the only undergarment the Inuit would have worn next to their bare skin   .
Micheal John Duffy, 34, pleaded not guilty to murdering Colleen Deborah Ayers, 33, in 2012. His co-accused Rachel Evans, who has pleaded guilty to murder, will receive a reduced sentence for giving evidence at her former lover's trial. Duffy told the court his former flame had a 'twisted desire to kill' and that he had only dug the victim's crude grave. Ms Ayers' decomposed body was uncovered in a shallow grave on her parent's 25-acre property .
Harrison Poe was announced as best supporting actor at the annual Tommy Tune Awards on Tuesday in Houston, Texas. TV cameras caught him confidently getting up to accept the accolade before slipping and falling headfirst into the darkness. No one was hurt.
Jerry Moon's family only discovered the devastating blunder when they opened the casket to say their final goodbyes and found the other body wrapped in a plastic bag. The 72-year-old railroad conductor had paid $4,655 to be buried in a family plot in Chehalis, Washington. The body of the loving father - who was terrified of cremation - was incinerated.
Charlesetta Taylor, 79, has lived in her home in St. Louis for 70 years, and was part of the first African-American family to live in the neighborhood. Now the city may tear down her home and 49 others to make way for a campus for the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency. The NGA creates maps and satellite imagery that is used by the military for national security, among other things. If residents are not willing to move, the city says it will use eminent domain to take their homes. A Change.org petition has been started and already has over 90,000 signatures.
Oskar Groening is being tried on 300,000 counts of accessory to murder for his role at Auschwitz. He was on duty between May and July 1944 when 425,000 Jews from Hungary were brought to the camp. During that period, so many trains were arriving that often two would have to wait with closed doors as the first was 'processed' Auschwitz survivors describe their arrival as chaotic, with Nazi guards yelling orders, dogs barking and families ripped apart.
Belle Gibson has finally admitted she faked her multiple cancer diagnoses. Model Jesinta Campbell has joined the chorus of angry followers who say they feel insulted by her deception. 'I am so disappointed and shocked and on every level, this is so irresponsible on her behalf,' Campbell said on the Today Show on Thursday morning. In a magazine interview, Belle Gibson has admitted her fatal cancer 'diagnoses' were lies. Victoria Police told Daily Mail Australia they were not investigating Gibson and the matter was being looked after by Consumer Affairs Victoria .
In January the commission branded Hinchingbrooke in Cambridgeshire as 'inadequate' and placed it in special measures. Today the watchdog will upgrade this to 'requires improvement' and publish glowing report. Experts say inspection was flawed and flawed.
Vets are urging the public to get their dogs checked out for ticks, which can spread potentially fatal diseases. Almost half of dog owners did not know ticks can transmit deadly diseases to both humans and pets.
Illini Bluffs High School in Illinois hosted one of several simulations put on by the American Red Cross to educate students on the dangers of drunk driving. The staged event on Thursday used student actors playing accident victims and used real local police, fire and rescue personnel responding to the scene . Students who witnessed the gruesome play acting were left with stunned expressions on their faces  .
David Jenkins' single-engine Edge 360 plane crashed at Old Buckenham Airfield near Attleborough, Norfolk. The man in his 50s tragically died when it crashed just 50 metres from horrified spectators this afternoon. A friend of the dead pilot said: 'He was the best bloke I knew. He was highly skilled and knew exactly what he was doing' Mr Jenkins was a member of the Wildcat Aerobatic Team based at the airfield .
Rolly Robinson, from Beauty High, stars in theunique makeover clip, which sees him transform himself into a Kylie Jenner lookalike with the help of various make-up products .
Rep Steve Knight, 48, was hosting an open house event at his Simi Valley, California, office last Friday when he was accosted by a group of activists. The heated exchange between Knight and the group of protesters carrying anti-immigration signs was captured on video and later uploaded onto YouTube by a right-wing group called We The People Rising. Knight, a former Los Angeles police officer, was elected to represent the 25th Congressional District last year .
Secret footage shows former first minister mocking Labour after it slapped down Scottish leader Jim Murphy. 'I knew that [he wouldn't be writing it] already – because I'm writing the Labour Party budget' He also joked that he would 'check his top pocket' – a reference to a Conservative election poster. It prompted David Cameron and Boris Johnson to join forces to warn of a looming 'constitutional crisis' at the election .
An eight-year-old boy named Peter penned a letter to health conscious Michelle Obama to tell her one ketchup packet at lunch simply is not enough. Peter criticizes the First Lady for America's lack of troops in the Middle East and in the Ukraine. He also suggests that the United States bomb Syria. 'My name is Peter. I am eight years old. I love studying history of the U.S.A. I have enjoyed learning about the great choices the USA has made… And then there was your husband’s election. I feel that it is taking away our patriotism'
The mother of the Duchess of Cambridge emailed customers of her Party Pieces firm yesterday. She recommended the Chevron Divine tablewear range for parents-to-be. The cheapest item in the range is a £2.79 set of party cups. It also includes straws for £3.49.
Ben Affleck appeared on Finding Your Roots and learned one of his ancestors was a slave owner. The actor pushed the network to leave that information out of the program it was first revealed by DailyMail.com. Today the actor apologized for asking producers to leave out the name in a post on Facebook  .
SkyWest Airlines Flight 5622, operating as a United Express, made an emergency landing in Buffalo, New York, on Wednesday morning. Three passengers on the Embraer 175 twin-jet from Chicago to Connecticut lost consciousness and others began feeling dizzy and sick. The plane plunged nearly 30,000 feet in just eight minutes and made a terrifying dive over Detroit. Initially, SkyWest said the plane landed 'out of an abundance of caution' because of one sick passenger and denied there was any mechanical malfunction .
Scientists at Sun Yat-sen University in Guangzho have published their research in the journal Protein & Cell. The team tried to tweak the gene responsible for β-thalassaemia, a potentially deadly blood disorder. They used a germ line editing technique known as CRISPR/Cas9 to edit the gene .
Ursula Ward, the mother of Odin Lloyd, wants to look Hernandez in the eye when he testifies during the wrongful death suit according to attorney Doug Sheff. Hernandez, who did not testify at his criminal trial and had a $40million contract, was convicted April 15 of first-degree murder for killing Lloyd on June 17, 2013. Ward said: 'The day I learned my son was shot and killed, I thought my life ended with his. 'I always wished I was there to take those bullets for Odin' Lawsuit seeking unspecified damages was filed in December 2013  .
Bounkham 'Bou Bou' Phonesavanh suffered serious burns to his face and had his nipple blown off in the May incident. His family says the medical bills have surpassed $1 million. The $964,000 settlement isn't enough to cover the continued medical care Bou Bou will require as he gets older. He'll require surgeries ever other year into his teens. The Habersham SWAT team executed a no-knock warrant on the property while searching for a relative they believed was a drug dealer. The suspect, a relative of the child, was not in the house during the raid but was later arrested nearby.
Christopher Swain, a clean-water advocate, took a 1.8-mile swim in the Gowanus Canal in Brooklyn on Earth Day. He said the water tasted 'like mud, poop, ground-up grass, detergent and gasoline' The 19th-century canal was once a major transportation route, but it's now so polluted with industrial and sewer discharges that it must, by law, be cleaned.
Ukip has fallen 18 points behind the Tories and seven points behind Labour in 10 key seats. But Nigel Farage insists he is looking forward to the rest of the campaign and has 'a bit of the old vim and vigour back' Comes as Nick Clegg accuses Farage of being an 'odious Victor Meldrew' character. Lib Dem leader condemned David Cameron's appeal to UKIP supporters to 'come home'
Lord Tebbit said Mr Cameron had never had a 'proper job' before entering politics. He said the PM had done nothing except be a special adviser and working in PR for Carlton Television. Former Tory party chairman also suggested Tory voters north of the border vote tactically for Labour.
Carol Chandler, 53, allegedly molested a boy, under the age of 14, at top independent school St Paul's. She is facing three counts of indecent assault and two counts of gross indecency between 1983 and 1985. Famous former pupils of the top school include George Osborne and Winston Marshall.
Images show a prisoner wearing an orange jumpsuit being forced to his knees before being shot at point blank range. They were taken on the frontline of fighting in the countryside outside the rebel-held city of Aleppo. ISIS released the disturbing images on the same day as they attempted to portray everyday life under their control as happy and carefree - distributing images of smiling farmers harvesting their crops  .
Rebecca Grant, 40, from Biddeford, Maine, was found walking 'drunk' in and out of traffic in Limington, Maine. She initially claimed she had been kidnapped and abused, but when police checked her ID they found she was out on bail. She was charged with violating her bail conditions.
The Nordic country decided to tighten up its laws amid reports of animal sex shows, clubs and even brothels. The previous law only stipulated a ban on intercourse which harmed the animals which harmed them.
Joseph O'Riordan, 76, stabbed his wife Mandy, 47, nine times with a kitchen knife at their home in Polegate, East Sussex. He had become suspicious of his wife's movements and placed a GPS tracker on her car. He soon discovered she was having an affair with married postman Nick Gunn, nicknamed 'Tommy' A jury at Brighton Crown Court found him guilty of attempted murder.
Lord Janner signed over the deeds of his £2million home to his children in March last year. The former Labour MP was able to sign despite his legal team claiming he was unfit to stand trial. It puts the luxury apartment out of reach for potential child abuse victims suing for compensation .
Emily Grimson, 25, from Shropshire, gets paid up to £100 an hour as a professional hand model. Her hands have featured in product videos for Bosch, adverts on the Disney Channel and advertorials in the Sunday Times Style magazine   .
Mourners gathered at St Peter's Church in northern France today for the funeral of Chloe Hyart. Huge screens had been erected to show the ceremony for the many who could not fit inside the packed church. Chloe's mother Isabelle Hyart wept as her daughter's coffin was taken down to the waiting hearse .
Prince Alwaleed Bin Talal, the Saudi King Abdullah's nephew, has pledged to give 100 Bentleys to pilots. He made the pledge on social media but the post has since been deleted . Saudi forces launched air strikes on Yemen a month ago to stop Houthi rebels advancing. But the raids appeared to resume on Wednesday with fighting taking place in Aden.
The woman, who did not want to be identified, told a BBC documentary that she has seen people killed in front of her for breaking the rules enforced by IS. She was lucky to escape from the IS capital Raqqa in Syria where she said women are forced to cover up in a burka. She added that women are banned from doing most jobs as their role must be in the home as a wife and mother.
One in five Australians admit to doing a spot of online shopping in bed at night. 86 per cent of those surveyed admit to going online for items they're too embarrassed to buy in store. More than 27 per cent confess to shopping online at work and 3 per cent took a sick day to sign for online orders .
Ukip leader admits he has a 'preference' for Australian immigrants over Eastern Europeans and Somalians. Admits he was happier accepting migrants from Commonwealth countries such as Australian and India. Comes after Mr Farage demanded refugees fleeing to Europe across the Mediterranean are sent back. He also admitted he went 'a bit wonky' and made mistakes at the start of Ukip's election campaign. But insists he is 'rejuvenated and enjoying it again' and is looking forward to the rest of the campaign with 'vigour back'
Authorities named Abu Khaled al-Cambodi as a key figure in their investigation into a plot where teenagers were allegedly planning to attack police on Saturday. Now he has starred in a 12-minute long propaganda video calling for new terror attacks on Australian soil. Terror expert Professor Greg Barton has described him as 'Baryalei Mark II' .
Lint-free and tear-resistant paper cones can be life-savers in many other situations, too. Can be transformed into temporary dish covers and snack bowls. FEMAIL has rounded up the 20 unusual things you can do with them.
Susan Monica, 66, was found guilty on Tuesday of murdering two handymen on her pig farm over a one-year span. Prosecutors said Stephen Delicino, 59, was killed in 2012 and Robert Haney, 56, died in 2013. She was sentenced to life in prison, with the possibility of parole after a minimum of 50 years. The case will be appealed, the defense said.
A Silicon Valley-based start-up is offering an at-home DNA saliva test to detect the same gene mutations priced at just $249 (£167) It tests for mutations in BRCA1 and BRCa2, along with 17 other markers. The test has received mixed responses with some saying it might not be useful, and could even be harmful .
Ten top doctors sent a letter to Columbia University last week urging the school to remove TV celebrity doctor Mehmet Oz from his faculty position because he is a 'charlatan' who promotes 'quack treatments' Dr Oz, 54, found himself at the center of a firestorm last week when he was accused of pushing 'miracle' weight-loss supplements with no scientific proof that they work. In a special episode of The Dr Oz Show, which was pre-taped Tuesday and will air Thursday, the beleaguered physician directly addressed his attackers and accused them of trying to bully him.
Vincent Stanford, 24, is accused of murdering Stephanie Scott, 26, on Easter Sunday and dumping her body in bushland. Ms Scott's body was found by police in Cocoparra National Park, north of Griffith, NSW, on April 10. Her mother Anika met with Leeton Mayor Paul Maytom last Thursday, revealing her grief and horror at the situation. A memorial service for Ms Scott will take place in Eugowra in NSW's central west on Wednesday. She was due to wed fiance Aaron Leeson-Woolley six days later .
David Cameron and Boris Johnson visited Advantage Children's Day Nursery in Surbiton, south west London. They were supposed to be highlighting Tory plans to double free childcare for 600,000 children aged 3-4. But they were left stumped by the puzzle.
John Key kept playfully pulling the waitress's hair despite being told to stop during election time last year. The waitress had reportedly been working at a cafe called Rosie in Parnell, east of Auckland. But Mr Key defended his pranks as 'a bit of banter' and said he had already apologised for his actions. He is currently en route to Gallipoli.
Vít Jedlicka, 31, is a member of the Czech Republic's Conservative Party of Free Citizens. He is the self-declared president of 'Liberland', which is located on the Croatia-Serbia border. The land making up the so-called 'micronation' was apparently forgotten when the Balkan Peninsula split in 1990s.
Amy Schumer pretended to trip and fall in front of the couple at the TIME 100 Gala in New York City on Tuesday. The couple were being celebrated in the Time's 100 most influential people in the world list. Kim Kardashian and Kanye West are among those named individually as 'Titans' in the publication.
David Healy, head of psychiatry at the Hergest psychiatric unit in Bangor, North Wales, said the misconception that low levels of serotonin were responsible for depression had become established fact. Suggested success of SSRI drugs was based on 'marketing of a myth'
Tianwen Chen, 65, and his wife Gairen Guo, 60, found their first child in a box on the side of the road in 1989. They gradually took more and more disabled children into their two-bedroom home. Eventually, nearly 20 children were sleeping on the floor in their 20 square metre farmhouse. Sadly, nine of the children died .
Prince William has announced that he will be taking six weeks of paternity leave. His wife the Duchess of Cambridge will give birth to their next child in a few days' time. 'For the next six weeks, and possibly beyond, the Prince will be on domestic parade,' says Quentin Letts. 'He may be a prince of the realm, but under it all he is a new man,' he says.
Manhattan-based Skin Laundry's Light and Laser procedure promises to leave your skin 'glowing' after just ten minutes. Clients must sign an eight-page waiver releasing their personal information to a funeral director and a coroner before beginning the procedure .
Jackson Byrnes, 18, underwent a risky operation to remove the tumour on his brain on Wednesday. Renowned neurosurgeon Dr Charlie Teo is the only surgeon in Australia willing to perform the risky operation. Jackson's story made national headlines this week, with strangers digging deep to help the family. His mother Rhonda Byrnes said she was overwhelmed by the support and money raised by the community on his GoFundMe page to help fun the crucial $80,000 operation.
George Nagobads, 93, was allegedly mugged by a teenager on Sunday afternoon at the Crystal Lake Cemetery in Minneapolis while laying flowers on his wife Velta's grave. He was released from the hospital on Tuesday with 18 stitches in his head after the attack. He said that by throwing his wallet in attempt to distract the teen he was able to get away without further harm. The doctor was the team doctor for five U.S. men's Olympic hockey squads, including the 'Miracle on Ice' team that won in the 1980's .
The St. Regis Abu Dhabi's signature suite is the highest suspended hotel room in the world. The 1,120 sq metre room can only be accessed by a private elevator and offers breathtaking views of the Arabian Gulf. The in-room spa offers a private steam room, sauna and Jacuzzi.
Seven-year-old Colin Gilpatric wrote a letter to Star Wars creator George Lucas asking him to change the rule that prevents Jedi Knights from marrying. Lucasfilm sent him a package of Star Wars merchandise, including books and toys .
Leading politicians from seven parties write joint letter questioning CPS's decision not to prosecute Lord Janner. They accuse Alison Saunders of 'damaging public confidence' in the justice system with her ruling. Labour's Simon Danczuk led letter to The Times, backed by Zac Goldsmith, Caroline Lucas, Mark Reckless and John Hemming from the Liberal Democrats .
Miliband said he would have to pay the proposed £250 a month 'mansion tax' on homes worth more than £2m. Claim comes despite revelations his four-storey Victorian town house has two kitchens. Labour leader faced ridicule earlier this month for playing down size.
Joanessa Clawson, 35, her husband James, 38, and her mother Patti Ann Baldassarre, 68, from Marietta, Georgia, all face felony conspiracy charges. They allegedly set up a fake GoFundMe page asking for money for their three-year-old daughter, Sofia. They claimed she had a heart infection after surgery and asked for $3,000. A teacher asked police to check on the girl and found she was fine. The family has been accused of running scams before.
Sgt. Daniel Knapp received combat medals after serving in Afghanistan, but has been denied re-enlistment due to the service's strict policy on body ink. Knapp is considered a Tier 1 Marine, scoring in the top 10 percent in fitness, marksmanship, and job performance. He is now considering joining the Army .
Stephanie Scott was remembered as a 'beautiful friend' who brought laughter to her loved ones in a touching funeral service on Wednesday. Hundreds of people gathered at Eat Your Greens, just outside Eugowra in NSW's central west, to pay their respects to the beloved teacher who was allegedly murdered on Easter Sunday. Ms Scott's fiance, Aaron Leeson-Woolley, appeared visibly distressed as he took his place as pall bearer at the service in front of hundreds of mourners.
Phoebe Jo Chapman, 42, turned herself in to police on Tuesday morning and was booked on three counts of sexual assault. She is accused of having sex with three different male students while teaching at Lowndes High School in Valdosta, Georgia. The students have all since graduated but the investigation is ongoing .
Jonah Willow, 12, played chess grandmaster Alexander Cherniaev, 45, for hours before the Russian suggested a draw. Proud dad Simon Scott said the Russian was left thinking for 15 minutes after one of his son's moves. Jonah started playing chess when he was five years old .
South Africa is one of the UK's biggest providers of high-strength cannabis. But a potent strain of the plant dubbed 'swazi gold' is wrecking havoc on its young population. Drug mules are risking their lives to smuggle it out of the country and into the UK .
Ganjendra Singh, 41, was seen sitting in the tree for some time before throwing a suicide note into the crowd. Seconds later he hanged himself with a white scarf and was later declared dead at hospital. Demonstrations were organised by members of the Aam Aadmi political party in Delhi. They came in for harsh criticism after protests were allowed to continue despite his death. WARNING: GRAPHIC CONTENT.
Geraldine R. Jones, 36, of Gary, Indiana, has been charged with murder, kidnapping and criminal confinement over the death of new mom Samantha Fleming, 23. Police say Jones pretended to be a social worker in order to steal Fleming's daughter, Serenity, and claim the child as her own after faking a pregnancy. Fleming's body was found by police at a home belonging to Jones in in Gary with at least 10 stab wounds and duct taped to the body .
Ronan Ghosh, 39, was filmed attempting to smuggle the goods out of the store in a bag. Company boss heads a global recycling company with a turnover of £16million. He lives in a £500,000 home in an exclusive neighbourhood and runs two BMWs. Court heard he was caught shoplifting after heading to a Tesco store following an argument with girlfriend.
Tesco’s clothing brand F&F has launched what is estimated to be the cheapest bridal gown on the market. The dress is simple enough to be worn again instead of stashed away in a cupboard and forgotten. Comes in sizes six to 18 .
As many as 1.9 million foreigners travelling on short term visas are predicted to be spending time Down Under this year. This is the biggest amount since World War II. While a record 185,000 permanent migrants moved to Australia in 1969 - this figure is likely to be exceeded in 2015 as people are moving to the Lucky Country in droves   .
Pilots have reported 167 cases of toxic cabin fumes or smoke in only four months. Twelve of the cases resulted in the pilots requesting a priority landing. One flight was diverted and on two flights the pilots made an emergency Mayday call. Figures re-opened argument about whether prolonged exposure is safe.
Marcus Copeland, 44, admitted one count of fraud at Caernarfon Crown Court. He was told he faces jail after admitting lying on mortgage forms to secure £800,000 loan. The award-winning mortgage broker has previously boasted about his £1million hillside home he built in the north Wales countryside .
Sally Lutkin, 49, had a rose surrounded by her grandchildren's names tattooed on her leg in November 2013. But it became infected and became so swollen that she was in agony and couldn't walk. She had to undergo emergency surgery and was in hospital for a week while she battled the nightmare infection  .
Marine Le Pen, 46, said it shows her party's brand of political change is getting attention on both sides of the Atlantic. The leader of the anti-immigration Front spoke of representing a 'great political force' before a dinner in New York on Tuesday.
Fiona Steane, 50, wanted to cut all her hair off when she was 15 but her mother refused and she's had it long ever since. Sarah Rihal is also 50 and has 3ft 5in of hair, Melanie Brown is 60 and has 4ft long hair . Vanessa Thorpe is 40 with 2ft 10in hair.
The strapless dress is a red carpet staple for fine-boned actresses such as Jennifer Aniston and Gwyneth Paltrow. But can a woman with 34G curves like mine ever look fab in a strapless Dress?
Fire boat Massey Shaw was requisitioned from the London Fire Brigade in 1940 and transported to Dunkirk to help with the evacuation of Allied troops in the face of the Nazi advance. After carrying 600 soldiers back to Britain, the boat returned to London where it helped to save St Paul's Cathedral and other buildings damaged in the Blitz. The boat went out of service in 1971 and was used as a walkway in a London dock. It took six years to restore it to its former glory thanks to a National Lottery grant.
Biologists studied the healing process at a molecular level using electron microscopes. They found skin cells appear to attach to each other using tiny tubes that pull them together. The researchers hope their findings could help in the development of new treatments for wounds that could speed up.
Sergio Canavero says he is ready to be branded Dr Frankenstein in his attempts to perform the first head transplant. Says he will carry out the operation in China if he is banned from doing so in the EU or former Soviet Union. Valery Spiridonov, 30, has volunteered to be the first person to undergo a head transplant .
The 27-year-old actress welcomed her first child with Ryan Reynolds in January. Has been out and about promoting her new movie, Age Of Adaline, in which she stars Harrison Ford.
John George Agar told an agent in 1969 to think twice because Temple would 'overreact if she didn't get her way' He also said that her mother had wrecked their marriage because she interfered in their affairs too much. Other people including Ronald Reagan came to Temple's defense and called her a 'very courageous woman of the highest morals' during background checks .
LaTasha Gosling, 27, of Tisdale, Saskatchewan, and her two daughters, Janyaa, 4, and Jenika, 8, and son Landen, 7, were discovered early Wednesday. The suspect in the case was found just hours later dead. He also had a six-month-old baby.
Labour leader Ed Miliband has been the subject of a social media storm in recent days. A group of female fans, who've dubbed themselves the 'Milifans', are rallying support for him on social media. The largely teenage fanbase have spent days posting tweets of affection for the politician. Led by Twitter user @twcuddleston, an AS Levels student by the name of Abby   .
Stewart Brand, president of the Long Now Foundation and editor of the Whole Earth Catalogue, believes the focus on widespread extinctions may actually be harmful. Instead he argues it is highly unlikely that the planet is facing a sixth mass extinction as many threatened species are recovering from extinction  .
YouTube entertainer Yousef Saleh Erakat disguised himself as a homeless man to see what would happen if he offered people on the street his own money instead. He said he wanted to find out if it was acceptable for the rich to give money to the poor because 'it's one individual helping another, or because one individual is better than the other - so it's okay to help?' The results were less than kind, with one man throwing his money away .
Scott Keyes, a 28-year-old writer for Think Progress, is about to travel 20,000miles on 21 flights without paying a penny. He reveals his travel hacks in his eBooks How To Fly For Free and How To Find Cheap Flights   .
In two years the Thames Bath Lido, which will sit near Blackfriars Bridge, should open with the backing of a recently launched crowdfunding project. David Walliams has said he will be the first to jump in.
James Boase had been drinking with a friend in Torquay on March 13, 2014. The 36-year-old publican claimed he went to bed at 12.30am and then awoke beside his car which had been involved in a crash. He insisted he had been 'sleep walking' but prosecutors insisted he failed to stop his black Nissan Navara .
Twitter users have begun editing Ed Miliband's face on to famous men's bodies. From Hollywood legends Marlon Brando and Harrison Ford, to Neil Armstrong and Harry Styles. One Direction's Harry Styles and Mick Jagger have also had their faces superimposed on the Labour leader. The Cool Ed Miliband account was created just last Saturday and has attracted 3,500 followers  .
Shelley Smith will make her first appearance on April 30, just before the NFL draft, interviewing Heisman Trophy winner Marcus Mariota. She revealed on Twitter last October that she had breast cancer, and since then has undergone chemotherapy. Smith, 56, will undergo five more rounds of chemotherapy after the draft before returning to work.
Hound Dog II and Lisa Marie have been at Graceland since the mid-1980s. They were bought by Elvis for $900,000 in 1975 and given a major overhaul by the singer. Graceland's managing company agreed to sell them to the planes' owner for a cut of ticket sales. Now Memphis City Council has agreed to move them to a nearby site .
Kate Roberts, 24, noticed her son Miles had a slightly different shaped head when he was born. At three months, he was diagnosed with flat head syndrome, also known as 'flat head syndrome' This is when the back of the head becomes flattened, causing the head to widen and the front of the skull to bulge out. It is thought to be caused by babies sleeping on their back and is not medically dangerous. NHS does not pay for treatment as it is a cosmetic, rather than medical problem.
The video was released on April 20, which is regarded by many smokers as the national day for getting high. The three ex-cops were recorded in Washington, where recreational use of marijuana was legalized.
Gulam Chowdhury, 24, stabbed Mohammed Afzal, 22, 20 times at an east London cab office in March last year. The Old Bailey heard he had threatened to show intimate pictures of Nargis Riaz to her Imam father. He told her: 'Cut the neck of the man who eyed up his wife' and quoted verses from the Quran in messages to her. He was found guilty of murder and co-defendant Muhammed Khan was acquitted of assisting an offender .
Aaron Siler, 26, was fatally shot after he 'armed himself with a weapon' after being confronted by officer Pablo Torres on March 14. Torres is currently on leave pending the outcome of the investigation into the deadly shooting. A billboard, paid for by the Kenosha Professional Police Association, has been erected featuring a photograph of Torres and his dog. Siler's family and friends have called the billboard 'disrespectful' and are asking for it to be taken down. The police association claims no offence was intended and that the billboard was to thank community.
The Yeatman is Portugal’s first luxury wine hotel, built into a hill in Vila Nova de Gaia. All of its 82 rooms face the Douro river, and almost every one is themed after a Portuguese winery. The hotel's large decanter-shaped infinity pool is heated and surrounded by a terrace with plenty of space to lounge.
Tom McTevia, 42, was traveling with a group and driving his friend Tina Hoisington, 45, near an overlook at Lake Pend Oreille in Bonner County on Sunday when his ATV got too close to the edge of the 2,000-foot cliff and went over. He had been left paralyzed in another ATV accident in 2004, when he was an Orofino police officer, leaving him without the use of his legs.
King Goodwill Zwelithini has been blamed for sparking violence against foreigners in South Africa. He is said to have told followers in a speech last month that foreigners were 'lice' and 'ants' and should be expelled from the country. The 67-year-old has also courted the wrath of women's rights and HIV/Aids campaigners for his virginity testing stance.
Bill Nye 'the Science Guy' joined President Barack Obama today for an Earth Day excursion, riding aboard Air Force One with the president during his visit to the Florida Everglades. The White House said Tuesday that Nye would make the trek today on its behalf to shoot a video of the president. Nye held court with press before boarding the airliner, telling them, I love the smell of jet fuel. Obama used the Earth Day trip to promote his administration's commitment to cutting carbon pollution and preserving Florida's wetlands, taking a tour of Everglade National Park and giving a speech that was first cancelled because of heavy showers, then rescheduled.
Grey and white cat Marv somehow managed to get wedged in a five inch gap in between two garages. RSPCA were unable to coax him out and firefighters had to chisel through the wall. Marv was eventually reunited with his owner's daughters .
Philip Garrod, 43, was caught by a police camera doing 105mph in a 60mph zone on his powerful Suzuki motorbike. He pleaded guilty and was fined £650 with six points for speeding but then began weaving a web of lies .
Stanford computer science student Lea Coligado, 21, created Women of Silicon Valley, a blog based on the people-profiling website Humans of New York, to showcase the talents and stories of women in the industry.
Major General Allen Batschelet says that 10 percent of young men and women who sign up to join the Army are currently refused because they are too heavy. He warns that by 2020 as many as half of young Americans will be so grossly overweight by the end of the decade that the military will be unable to recruit enough qualified soldiers. The maximum body fat percentage that the Army allows for recruits aged 17-20 is 20 percent for men and 30 percent for females. Obesity rates have tripled in a generation with more than one-third of U.S. adults.
The Australian Vaccination Skeptics Network posted an image to their Facebook page on Thursday. The image shows a man holding a woman with his hand over her mouth in an aggressive silencing gesture. The tag line on the image read, 'Forced penetration. Really- no big deal, if it's just a vaccination needle and he's a doctor. Do you really "need" control over over over your own choices?'
The 14-year-old is now fighting for her life in Delhi’s Safdarjung Hospital with 70 per cent burns. She was allegedly gang-raped on Sunday when she went outside her house to relieve herself. Her family reportedly told her to keep quiet about the attack  .
The findings are based on a study of about 95,000 young people. All those in the study had older siblings. Some of the elder children had autism and some did not. Autism is on the rise.
The brightly coloured pedestrian crossing was due to be installed in Totnes in Devon as a mark of the town's pride for its gay community. But experts have warned that painting the road different colours could have side-effects for people with Alzheimer's. Councillors told to seek advice.
Colin Hendry, 49, was almost twice over the legal limit after drinking in a Lytham cocktail bar. Police followed his car as it crossed double white lines while he attempted to drive home. He was arrested after allegedly breaking a restraining order which forbids him from contacting his ex-girlfriend Sarah Kinder .
For those who weren't disconnected, only 40percent actually got through to a person. Many of those people had to wait on hold for more than 30 minutes, IRS Commissioner John Koskinen said Wednesday. He blamed budget cuts approved by Congress. The agency's budget has been cut by $1.2 billion since 2010, leaving him with few other places to cut.
The offences ranged from inciting sexual activity with a child, to rape, happened in cars, woods or at defendants' homes. The girls, aged between 13 and 16, were targeted by the gang at under-18s parties organised by Ahmed Hassan-Sule, 21. The men were found guilty in March at Oxford Crown Court.
'If Hillary Clinton can't satisfy her husband,' a Texas-cowgirl college student tweeted on Thursday, 'what makes her think she can satisfy America?' When someone retweeted the quip two hours later and included Trump's Twitter handle in the message, one of the billionaire's staffers retweeted it for him – to his audience of 2.8 million people. Trump's office confirmed on Friday that it was a Trump employee, not a fat-fingered CEO, who was responsible. 'Mr. Trump was not responsible for this tweet,' a spokesperson told Daily Mail Online.
The crash occurred at about 6 a.m. Wednesday in Bryan County, about 20 miles west of Savannah. All five of the dead were nursing students at Georgia Southern University in Statesboro, about 30 miles from the crash site. The students were commuting to St. Joseph's Hospital in Savannah for their last day of clinical training of the school year. The driver of the tractor-trailer had not been cited as investigators worked to determine what happened.
Davion Navar Henry Only, 16, had spent his entire life in foster care after his mother gave birth to him behind bars. In 2013 he stood before his Florida church to beg for a family to 'love him forever' He was adopted by his caseworker Connie Bell Going, who first met him as a seven-year-old. 'I've always loved him, the same as my other children. My commitment to him is for his whole life,' she said.
The flat in Peckham, south-east London, has been put up for rent for just £400 a month. In an advert posted on Gumtree, the letting agent has posted candid pictures of the cracked ceiling. He makes no mention of plans to fix it .
Judge John Koeltl said in a decision made public Tuesday that the incendiary ad is speech protected under the First Amendment. He said he was sensitive to the Metropolitan Transportation Authority's claim that the poster could incite violence and appreciates the efforts necessary to prevent violent attacks targeting Jewish people. But he noted that substantially the same advertisement ran in San Francisco and Chicago in 2013 without incident. The MTA is preparing a response .
Hole opened up on Earl Street, Northampton, at about 2pm on Thursday. Motorists had to swerve out of the way of the gaping chasm, which was eight foot wide. It came just hours after part of a London pavement collapsed, swallowing a woman in her 40s.
Delta flight from Paris to Newark made an emergency landing in Boston on Wednesday afternoon. Two people were taken to Massachusetts General Hospital with minor injuries after the unscheduled landing. One passenger compared the turbulence to 'King Kong picking up the plane' .
The jet includes its own executive and sous in-flight chefs and exclusively stocks Dom Pérignon champagne. The private jet experience does not come cheap and will set you back approximately £63,000 a trip. The jet is also available for private charter .
Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie Pitt have a net worth of £260million. The couple have stayed at the Intercontinental in Sydney and the Hard Rock Hotel in Las Vegas. They also stayed at Park Hyatt Saigon in Vietnam and the Hilton Malta .
The boy picked up the condom in his school playground at Bennett Elementary in Bennett, Colorado last week. His mother said it would be a year before her son had the all-clear from his STD testing. The school district is refusing to pay for the healthcare costs .
Labour leader will pledge to ‘restore our commitment’ to the EU in rare foreign policy speech. He will accuse David Cameron of ‘taking Britain to the edge of European exit’. Mr Miliband has all but ruled out a referendum on Europe, saying it is 'very unlikely'
The first trailer for the upcoming biopic on the life of Boston gangster James 'Whitey' Bulger was released Thursday. Depp plays the notorious criminal, who topped the FBI's most wanted list for 16 years before he was finally arrested in 2011 . The crime drama is based on the 2001 book Black Mass: The True Story Of An Unholy Alliance Between The FBI And The Irish Mob written by Dick Lehr.
The waitress who publicly shamed the New Zealand Prime Minister for repeatedly pulling her hair while she was at work has been revealed as Amanda Bailey. The 26-year-old worked at a cafe frequented by Mr Key and his wife Bronagh in Auckland. She recounted on The Daily Blog how the Prime Minister pulled her hair despite being told to stop. But Mr Key defended his pranks as 'a bit of banter' and said he had already apologised for his actions .
A new Ask Reddit thread invited members of the disabled community to list all the ways able-bodied people think they are being supportive, but end up being just the opposite. 'Don't call me an inspiration. Be your own damn inspiration,' one user wrote, amid nearly 4,000 comments made in the space of a day. Others said it was insulting and patronising to be 'praised' .
Wendy L. Patrick PhD says we fell for Belle Gibson because 'we love heartwarming stories, especially comeback stories' Credibility is not a speaker trait, but a perception created in an audience. Credible, likeable, well-spoken, communicators are believed to possess positive traits .
Ivan Milat, 70, was convicted of butchering seven backpackers between 1989 and 1992. He has been locked up in Goulburn's Supermax jail for almost 20 years. Channel Seven's Sunday Night will tell the story of Milat's first violent crime and how he escaped prosecution. The report claims the 'wrong man' was jailed for his first crime, but could have saved his victims' lives  .
Patrick James Fredricksen, 30, has previous convictions for unlawful sexual activity with a minor and impersonating a firefighter. Arrested on suspicion of stealing a school bus and driving it to pick up children in eastern Utah, police say  .
Masood Mansouri, 33, from Saltney, Flintshire, is accused of kidnap, rape and sexual assault. The 20-year-old told police she flagged down a car belonging to Mansouri believing he was a taxi driver. But instead of taking her to a nightclub he drove off without them and took her to his home. Mansouri denies three counts of kidnapping and rape.
The animal is pictured vying for a large deer bone as he crosses a frozen lake in Furen in Japan . The large birds were photographed by Japanese businessman Sanin Alexander as they swooped down with their claws bared at the fox as he boldly grasps the bone in his jaws.
Michael David Ikeler, 36, of Torrance, California, has been charged with three felony counts of sexual assault in relation to the abduction of a two-year-old girl from a car wash on April 2. Police say the key to tracking down the suspect was a tip from his observant neighbor, who noticed Ikeler altering the appearance of his car. CCTV footage of a white Nissan Altima was the way police were able to track him down. The little girl was found naked and naked in the parking lot of Jim's Burgers, 13 miles from the car wash. She was found by concerned customers next to a dumpster. Police initially said the person responsible for the kidnapping was a serial predator.
Institute for Fiscal Studies said Ed Miliband's 'vague' promise to balance the books would allow Labour to borrow £90billion more than Tories by 2020. This would rise to £280billion in extra debt by the end of the next decade if Labour remained in power. David Cameron said assessment showed Labour was risk.
Kimberley Donoghue, 28, from Ponthenri near Carmarthen, broke her leg and fractured a bone in her foot. She fell down stairs carrying decorations just four days before her wedding. Wore her leg in plaster under her dress and had to sit to say her vows.
The Slants say they chose their name as a way to reclaim a term usually considered a racial slur. Ruling could have implications for the high-profile fight over whether the National Football League's Washington. Redskins should lose its trademarks.
The 29-year-old actor has been dating Sienna Miller since 2011. He is currently starring in the West End play American Buffalo and is set to star in a film with Ryan Gosling . The London-born actor counts Robert Pattinson and Andrew Garfield among his best friends. Born into a thespian family .
Bhadreshkumar Chetanbhai Patel, 24, faces a federal charge of fleeing to avoid prosecution and the FBI announced on Wednesday that a $20,000 reward is being offered for information that leads to his arrest. Patel is to believed to have beat his 21-year-old wife, Palak Bhadreskumar Patel, to death with a knife inside the fast-food chain.
The unnamed woman found an empty trolley in an underground car park at Coles in Caboolture, north of Brisbane. She pushed the trolley up the escalator to do her shopping before realising the snake was hitching a ride to store.
Krishnan Guru-Murthy tried to ask Robert Downey Jr about his drug-taking past. The actor said: 'I'm sorry, I really don't... what are we doing?' before walking out.
Ashton Taylor, 21, from Perth, was diagnosed with a severe brain condition in July 2013. She has undergone 15 brain surgeries, numerous angiograms, hundreds of blood tests and several MRI scans in two years. The Whole Pantry founder was named the Social Media Star of the Year Cosmopolitan Fun Fearless Female Awards in 2014. Ashton said she felt tricked after believing Gibson's cancer story but an apology won't cut it.
Ashley and Felicity Stewart found a baby kangaroo on the side of the road in 2013. Two years on, the joey has become part of the family on their farm in Esperance, Western Australia. Dusty rides around the property in the back of Mr Stewart's truck along with the dogs. He sleeps with them on a dog bed, eats with them, and asks for scratches .
Benidorm, dating to the 1960s, wants the same recognition as Stonehenge, the Taj Mahal and the Great Wall of China. Spain already boasts more than 40 Unesco world heritage sites, including Granada's Alhambra.
Deborah Roberts, 53, forced the tissue into Phyllis Hadlow's mouth in an attempt to silence her screams. She also poured water over the dementia patient, telling other staff: 'My son said if they do it to you, you can do it' Roberts found guilty of ill-treatment or wilful neglect of a person without capacity.
Rupa Huq is standing for Ed Miliband's party in a key marginal seat in west London. She said fellow candidates who turned down the cash were ‘sticking their noses up’ at Mr Blair. Ms Huq - sister of former Blue Peter presenter Konnie - even accused MailOnline of ‘picking on her’ .
The blaze took place at a building located on a Flint intersection, and started at about 1pm. A strip club used to be housed at the site, fire officials told the news outlet. An investigation into the blaze continues.
Out-of-date sun lotions may separate and not spread evenly, say experts. This means you may not be completely covered with vital UV filters. Many experts recommend that we wear sunscreen every day all year round for anti-ageing purposes. Alice Smellie asked industry experts for advice .
The smiling fraudsters were unaware they had been caught by a pin-hole camera in the ATM as they withdrew the pensioner's cash. The crooked pair had earlier posed as bank staff on the phone and convinced victim his debit cards needed to be recalled. But less than two hours later, they were filmed using the same cards, laughing and joking as they stole £150.
AJ Francis, 24, is a regular user of the taxi app and sent an application to work for them yesterday. The 6ft 5in, 330lb NFL player said 'it would be a cool way to get some extra cash' Plans to work as a driver during the sport's off-season to earn extra cash.
Images show jihadis casually posing in front of terror group's sinister black and white flag while brandishing assault rifles. They carry all the logos and artwork typically seen in official ISIS releases. Comes as Nigerian soldiers backed by warplanes invaded the Islamist's final stronghold in the country. Boko Haram have killed thousands and kidnapped hundreds in a battle to establish an Islamic caliphate. Three pro-government vigilantes killed by landmine this morning.
Albert Davison made a fortune by landing a series of six-figure bets on his own horses. When he died, aged 73, he owned a seven-bedroom country estate in Surrey valued at £4.25m. But before he died he and his second wife fought a bitter battle through the divorce courts for four years over his fortune. A judge found that Mr Davison had squandered millions through 'wasteful expenditure' and 'bad decision making' .
Officer Michael Rapiejko rammed his patrol car into armed robbery suspect Mario Valencia in Marana, Arizona on February 19. He said Valencia had fired a shot from a rifle into the air and was walking towards other officers with a loaded weapon. The officer in the other car warned him to 'stand off' before driving straight toward him. Seconds later, his vehicle mounted the curb and smashes into the suspect's body. Valencia was rushed to University of Arizona Medical Center in serious condition. He was eventually booked into jail two days later .
Keepers at the Columbus Zoo say ten-year-old Irisa had mated before but never conceived. However, this spring it was found the female cat was pregnant - with triplets. While the birth on Tuesday morning went smoothly, Irisa failed to show any maternal care so her offspring are currently being hand-reared.
The Clinton Foundation and its associated charities will re-file at least five annual tax returns to correct errors in how it has reported income from foreign governments. Bill Clinton received tens of millions of dollars in speaking fees from companies that saw their fortunes rise because of U.S. State Department actions while his wife ran the agency. Hillary Clinton's State Department gave its stamp of approval to the company's purchase of US uranium production as her foundation received millions from executives tied to the deal. The Russian state atomic agency Rosatom purchased a majority stake in the Vancouver-based company in the years from 2009 to 2013 – the same years Mrs. Clinton was America's secretary of state. The Clinton Foundation received $2.35 million.
Brendan Cordina found his grandfather's World War II medals after two years of searching. The 36-year-old drove 3500 kilometres in four days to find the medals in the Northern Territory. He was refused the medals and told that they were more important to the museum. Mr Cordina started a petition on change.org and has received 15,000 signatures in under 24 hours   .
Evanika Saadvakass, from Kazakhstan, became a YouTube sensation when she was five-years-old. The video was viewed around three million times and now two years on the young girl has returned to update the world on her progress .
The 18-year-old was hit over the head 20 times with a rock and dragged into a garden where she was raped. The unidentified victim will speak out in tonight's episode of Crimewatch in a bid to catch the man. She tells reporters she is too scared to sleep for fear of reliving the ordeal in her dreams. West Yorkshire Police have released a new e-fit of the attacker based on the victim's description .
Yamini Karanam, 26, was diagnosed with a pineal tumour in her brain last September. She was struggling to understand things she had read and felt lost in conversations. Surgeons operating on her discovered it was in fact a brain teratoma - a growth of bone, hair and teeth. Expert Dr Hrayr Shahinian has removed 7,000 brain tumours.
A federal court of appeals threw out the career home run leader's obstruction of justice conviction on Wednesday, ruling 10-1 that his meandering answer before a grand jury in 2003 was not material to the government's investigation into illegal steroids distribution. 'Today's news is something that I have long hoped for,' Bonds said in a statement. 'I am humbled and truly thankful for the outcome as well as the opportunity our judicial system affords to all individuals to seek justice'
Alex Vella, 61, has been banned from re-entering Australia by the Federal Court. The government cancelled his visa while he was overseas in his native Malta last year. The decision strands Vella in Malta, leaving him unable to return to his family in Australia. Vella is the longtime boss of the Rebels bikie gang, which police say is involved in kidnapping, extortion and drug dealing. He has painted himself as a Nelson Mandela-like figure and sold stubby holders and t-shirts .
Project Fi switches between Wi-Fi and cellular networks to curb data use and keep phone bills low. Google is selling the basic phone service for $20 a month and will only charge customers for the amount of cellular data that they use each month. Each gigabyte of data will cost $10 a month, instead of a flat rate  .
The alarm failed at the former president's Houston residence in September 2013 and even though the Secret Service bought a replacement system in January 2014, it took until December for it to be installed. It came despite an agent's recommendation in 2010 that the alarm, which was installed in 1993, be replaced because it 'had exceeded its life cycle' The request was denied for an unknown reason by the agency .
The three men, who are in their 50s, were questioned over night by police investigating the chef's disappearance. They have been released on bail but proceedings in the case 'remain active' . Miss Lawrence was 35 when she vanished on March 18, 2009 after failing to turn up to work at the University of York .
Natural variability in surface temperatures over the course of a decade can account for increases and dips in warming rates. But it adds that these so-called 'climate wiggles' could also cause our planet to warm up much faster than anticipated. Study compared results to the most severe emissions scenarios.
Nearly 3.8million crimes recorded by police last year, an increase of 2 per cent from 2013. Record number of rapes and other sex crimes up by 32 per cent to 80,200, or 220 a day. Experts say victims are 'more willing' to report sex crimes, including historical ones, and police are taking complaints more seriously .
The Australian Air Transport Safety Bureau (ATSB) released its report on Wednesday into the 'wheels up landing' on December 12, 2014 at Jabiru Airport, southeast of Darwin. The unidentified pilot was flying a six-seat Cessna 310 aircraft, registered VH-TBE, with two adults and three children on board when he became distracted by one of the passengers. The report also found the pilot was 'relatively new to the C-310' and unfamiliar with the plane equipment. There were no injuries to either the pilot or passengers but the aircraft was 'substantially damaged' and the plane was damaged, the report found.
Marissa Holcomb, who is five months pregnant with her fourth child, was fired from her job at Popeyes after an armed robber made off with $400 on her shift on March 31. The mother-of-three was fired when she refused to pay back the money that was stolen. Popeyes have offered her $2,000 in backpay, but she is unsure if she wants to go back to the fried chicken chain   .
Kate, 33, is due to give birth to her second child in the coming days. Parenting blogger Emily-Jane Clark has compiled a list of ways to cope with two children under two. She suggests avoiding a double buggy, buying several blue bowls and never setting a specific time.
Auschwitz-Birkenau State Museum has had more than 250,000 visitors so far this year. This is a rise of more than 40 per cent compared with the same period last year. January saw the 70th anniversary of the camp's liberation  .
Ben Thurlow attacked emergency worker Rebecca Hudson as she tried to treat his head injury . The 23-year-old had been drinking heavily in pubs in Driffield, East Yorkshire, when he was attacked . Paramedics were forced to call police who had to escort him to Hull Royal Infirmary. He was given a four month sentence, suspended for 12 months, and ordered to pay £1,750 in compensation and court costs  .
Carrie Reichert, 43, says she felt 'overdressed' when she saw Prince Harry playing strip billiards. Says she couldn't help but notice how 'adorably cute his naked a** was' in excerpt from upcoming book In the Eye of the Royal Story   .
Scandal-hit lender faced barrage of criticism from long-suffering investors. Shareholders are reeling from big losses in their investments and pension funds. Last year its profits dropped again by 21 per cent to £2.3billion after it was hit by huge bills for wrongdoing  .
Gareth Blanks, 31, was attacked as he walked back from the shops near his home in Truro, Cornwall. He was approached by a group of three men and a woman who taunted him before snatching his hat. One of the males punched and kicked him 20 times in the head and body.
Jamie Jewitt, 24, from Essex, weighed 15st before his 15th birthday. His best friend Henry Rogers, 22, from Ealing, reached 18st at his heaviest. After two years of intense training, he shed the weight and now weighs 12st. He landed a job at Abercrombie & Fitch and was scouted by Models 1. The pair have since fronted campaigns for top designers .
Just The Flight have researched city nicknames all over the world, finding out the real stories behind each and every one of them. Some nicknames refer to the ancient heritage of the city, others to the industry found in the city and some to the environment.
Romanian company MB Telecom has revealed the Roboscan 2M Aeria. It uses a cone of radiation to sweep across planes and look inside. The device is accurate enough to find a filament in a light bulb. But the radiation it emits is not safe for passengers yet. It costs €3 million (£2.1 million, $3.2 million) and is already being used to check trucks at borders .
Supermarket giant Tesco announced a record annual loss of £6.38billion yesterday. Loss is the largest ever declared by a British retailer and reflects seismic shift in shopping habits. Britain’s biggest retailer made a profit of £1.4billion on sales through the tills across the world in the year to the end of February .
Wesley Burton, a father-of-three and popular radio host at KPFA in Berkeley, California, was killed in a hit-and-run in the early hours of Saturday morning. His wife Lucrecia has made an emotional plea for anyone with information about her husband's killer to come forward. Police are offering a $10,000 reward.
The sports brand features prominently on a leaflet distributed in the terror group's de facto capital Raqqa. It warns ISIS jihadis about items of clothing they are no longer allowed to wear. Leaflet threatens both the buyer and seller of Nike products with punishments ranging from a small fine to whipping. News comes after one militant compared the brand's name to wearing a Christian cross among ISIS fighters.
The friends were on their way to see Les Misérables on Broadway when they rushed in to stop a brutal assault on a crowded 6 train. They subdued an enraged homeless man who was viciously beating another rider on the train. 'We're no heroes, just tourists,' said Makrus Åsberg, a Swedish police officer .
Miriam Gonzalez Durantez said she had been 'religiously paying taxes' in the UK for 10 years. Spanish lawyer said she would like to be able to vote in the election on May 7 . But she took a swipe at the party her husband has spent five years in power with   .
Former Soviet state has gained the most from the strong pound, which has cut cost of visiting continent. Resorts on its Black Sea coast offer best value in terms of meal out and other holiday activities. Only in Turkey will Britons find cost of a day out much more expensive .
WARNING: GRAPHIC CONTENT. Bodycam footage shows Donald Allen, 66, pointing a loaded, 22-caliber pistol at officer Brian Barnett. Barnett, 25, then shoots Allen dead after he comes at him with the gun, making threatening statements. Barnett remains on administrative leave pending an investigation by DA.
The Shepherd’s Life: A Tale of the Lake District by James Rebanks is an enlightening, exquisitely written account of a year in the life of a Cumbria farmer. The book is published by Allen Lane.
Janice Baker Kinney, Marcella Tate, and Autumn Burns held a press conference on Thursday morning in Los Angeles, California. Their attorney Gloria Allred, who represents most of Cosby's accusers, said the event was timed deliberately to damage sales for the comedian's upcoming shows. Cosby has yet to comment on the new allegations  .
Missoula: Rape and The Justice System in a College Town by Jon Krakauer was released on April 21. Author interviewed five alleged victims of rape at the University of Montana at Missoula. Kelsey Belnap, Allison Huguet, Hillary McLaughlin, Beau Donaldson and Allison Huguuet were among the women profiled by the author for the explosive new book .
The Bill, Hillary and Chelsea Clinton Foundation is under fire for allegedly accepting millions from foreign entities in exchange for special favors from the State Department when Hillary Clinton was at its helm. The foundation recently committed to stop taking donations from foreign governments but insisted it wouldn't return money it has already collected. Chelsea Clinton defended her family philanthropy on Thursday, calling it 'among the most transparent of foundations' in the wake of the scandalous claims. Hillary Clinton is the presumptive Democratic front-runner for the 2016 presidential nomination, and Republicans are using the scandal to attack her on the campaign trail .
Eloise Parry, known as Ella, 'burned up from the inside' after taking Dinitrophenol, or DNP. Her metabolism began to soar and she started to overheat. While doctors desperately tried to stabilise her, she died three hours later. Her mother issued a stark warning about buying diet pills online. Dr Simon Cotton, a senior lecturer in chemistry at the University of Birmingham, explains how DNP came to be used.
Bike Washing Machine contains a washing machine drum in its front wheel. Pedalling motion causes the drum to rotate, churning your clothes inside like a traditional washer. Generator inside the bike also creates electricity.
Thenga Adams, flying from Guyana in South America was arrested after customs at JFK in New York searched the sneakers in his luggage. When customs opened the soles of the athletic shoes they found $30,000 worth of cocaine, say airport officials. Adams now faces federal drug smuggling charges for the drugs allegedly found in his sneakers.
Calf born in Narnaul, northern India, has FIVE mouths - the most ever seen on a calf. He is being fed three times a day at the dairy farm where he was born . Locals have called him Nandi - a nickname for Lord Krishna.
For Americans, the White House is as iconic and royal a palace as you can get. For non-Americans, it is a respected power symbol, but not one to be especially loved. Kate Brower, an American journalist assigned to cover the Obama White House, became intrigued by the workings of the mansion after watching Downton Abbey. She set about interviewing the staff, who number at least 100, to build up a comparable picture of the American version.
Aimee Craven, of Hull, East Yorkshire, had claimed the Tesco product worth £20 and taken it home after spotting it on a train. British Transport Police officers trawled through CCTV footage to track down the 32-year-old care worker. They took her off a train as she travelled to work.
Crowds basked in temperatures of up to 20C in some parts of the country today after a spell of unusually warm weather. David Cameron described St George's Day as 'a day to be celebrate all that makes England great' Forecasters say temperatures will drop to around 11 or 12C tomorrow .
Brett Robinson, 33, will stand trial next week on 12 charges related to sexual misconduct and official misconduct. She was hoping to present a psychologists report as evidence of mental illness. The report said she was suffering from mental illness at the time of the alleged encounters and that it made her 'vulnerable, passive and gullible' A judge ruled Wednesday that the evidence was insufficient and that Robinson would have to go to trial on April 28 without it. The case follows that of her colleague Lisa Curry, 39, who last month was sentenced to over four years prison for repeatedly having sex with a 25-year-old gang member and convicted rapist .
Tristram Hunt, Labour’s shadow education secretary, said: ‘Yes. In certain circumstances’. He also confirmed Labour could fire the thousands of ‘unqualified’ teachers across the state sector. Two of his three children go to a state primary school in north London with third expected to go to independent.
Florida mom Kristina Bewley started taking her daughter Giselle to Disney World in September 2014 and they've been visiting the park monthly ever since. Kristina, who works with special needs kids, takes glamorous photos of her daughter playing in the park and wearing her colorful new outfits. She says Disney World has helped her daughter feel more comfortable around other people .
Ukip says St George would have been welcomed to Britain because of his skills as a dragon slayer. Party wants to encourage more people to fly the St George's flag and end 'cultural self-loathing' about being proud to be English.
The 50-foot whale was still on Pacifica State Beach on Wednesday after washing up on the sand the week before. It's unclear how the whale died but it doesn't appear to have any broken bones or signs of blunt force trauma .
Two candle-lit vigils held in Malta and Rome to remember migrants who died this weekend. Hundreds of people lay candles by the sea in Valetta, Malta, and Rome's Verano Cemetery. It came as three other people - including a tiny child - died when boat ran aground on Greek island of Rhodes. The deadliest migrant tragedy on the Mediterranean so far took this year's death toll to 1,800. EU leaders will decide how to deal with the crisis during emergency summit in Brussels today   .
Hilti DD350 drill was used by gang to cut through concrete wall of secured vault in London's diamond district. They raided 72 security boxes before escaping with wheelie bins full of precious gems. Six men were captured on CCTV as they carried out the bold raid on April 2. Police are offering £20,000 reward for information leading to arrest and conviction of those involved in the daring heist.
Tyus Byrd, who is black, was recently elected mayor of Parma, Missouri, over the white incumbent candidate Randall Ramsey. Six city officials quit their jobs shortly after Byrd won, according to multiple reports. Two of those individuals - Trish Cohen, Parma's former police chief, and Rich Medley, the town's former assistant police chief - recently spoke to NBC News. Cohen alleged in the interview that she and Medley feared for their safety, and said their home addresses had been shared online by Byrd's family members. Byrd, meanwhile, has said she doesn't know what the 'safety issues' were and that she 'never said anything about cleaning house'  .
Police release images of football fans pictured carrying the wounded and tending to others at 1989 disaster. Officers have been unable to identify the people in the images despite taking thousands of statements . They form part of an ongoing Home Office inquiry into the disaster which killed 96 Liverpool fans . Police say the appeal is necessary as those pictured may be able to answer questions of victims' families about how they died  .
Lizzi Crawford, 32, from Stoke-on-Trent, tipped the scales at 20 stone and reached a size 24 dress. Mother-of-six lost over 7st after a stranger mistook her for being pregnant .
Bill Gates, a failed vegetarian, says the world's demand for meat can be met with 'moderation and innovation' He says it is unrealistic to expect large numbers of people to become vegetarian. Instead he believes it will be possible to provide enough meat for the growing population. He says some of the impacts of meat farming have been 'overstated'  .
The rare tote is so exclusive that it can't even be brought in store. Victoria Beckham and Kim Kardashian are big fans of the Hermes Birkin bag. Victoria reportedly owns a collection worth £1.5m worth of the bag.
The European Parliament is set to vote on whether alcoholic beverages must include calorie counts on their labels. Under current EU regulations, producers of alcoholic drinks are not obliged to reveal the nutritional value of their products. Winemakers fear a fall in sales if consumers realise the truth.
Mary Doyle Keefe, 92, passed away on Tuesday after a brief illness, her family said. She became the poster girl for American women when she shot to fame by posing for Norman Rockwell's iconic painting. Rosie the Riveter became a symbol for feminism and economic power.
Paul Armstrong, 26, of Sunderland, flew to Cyprus with four friends to start new job as IT project manager. But he was stopped at airport with stun gun disguised as a torch, baton and knuckle duster in his luggage. Armstrong pleaded guilty to possession of a firearm and two offensive weapons. He was sentenced to eight months imprisonment, suspended for two years.
Prime Minister repeatedly interrupted while trying to answer questions on Radio 1's Live Lounge programme. Host Chris Smith offered to bet PM he wouldn't win a majority on the show. Twitter users branded the interview 'appalling' and 'disgusting' with some branding it 'biased' .
Adam Gadahn was born in 1978 in Oregon as Adam Pearlman. His father changed his name from Pearlman to Gadahn in the 1970s. Gadahn grew up and was home-schooled on a goat farm in Riverside County, California. In 1995, at age 17, he converted to Islam at a mosque in Orange County.
Chancellor warns of a 'dangerous cocktail' if Ed Miliband is at the mercy of SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon. Claims it would spark a 'constitutional crisis' if Scottish nationalists hold balance of power in UK government. Osborne seized on demand for more spending and borrowing and warned it would add £6billion to Britain's interest bill   .
Indonesia's head of General Crimes sent letters to the prosecutors of 10 death row prisoners on Thursday. The Australian Embassy has been summoned to Nusakambangan Island, where the executions will be carried out, on Saturday. Authorities are required to give 72 hours notice of the executions. President Joko Widodo confirmed the executions were 'only a matter of time' .
Rand Paul's eldest son William Paul, 22, crashed into a parked car on Sunday in Lexington, Kentucky. Witnesses said Paul was 'revving his engine' while sitting alone in the truck. Paul was treated at the University of Kentucky hospital for minor injuries to his face. He was not arrested for DUI .
Study by Edge Hill University and University of South Australia found link between anxiety and grades. Pupils who worry about their exam performance are more likely to do badly than those who are less anxious. Michael Ribton, principal at Burlington Danes Academy, offers advice to parents .
Cult US sitcoms like The Big Bang Theory and How I Met Your Mother will be taken off air for 12 hours. Special advert will be played featuring 'Darren' – the man fictionally in charge of keeping E4.
Dr Arfon Williams is now the only doctor available across two rural practices in North Wales. His partner and colleague of 20 years retired at the end of March and his surgery has been unable to attract a replacement. Health bosses responsible for North Wales said difficulties recruiting GPs is a national issue and are exploring options.
The two men were caught on a familiar route leading into the Middle East from Turkey. It's claimed they were on their way to join with the Islamic State. It happened a day after Turkey agreed to a new extradition treaty and an intelligence-sharing agreement with Australia. Two men are believed to be still detained in Turkey  .
Paramedics are leaving firemen to deal with 999 calls, healthcare leaders warn. Fire Brigade Union say the practice is irresponsible and dangerous and becoming more common. Ambulance service is becoming increasingly reliant on firemen.
Justine Jones was left covered in huge sores and in agony after opening the bottle of Tesco Finest Garnacha wine. Her mother Jan Jones had bought the bottle for granddaughter Abi's 18th birthday and poured a glass to toast the occasion. The next day she was referred to hospital.
Chinese traffic police release CCTV footage of unusual scene in Yangzhou city, Jiangsu Province. Man is seen calmly driving alongside the pedestrian pavement while carrying a minibus strapped to the back of his tiny vehicle with strings on March 19 .
Michael Hanline, 69, was convicted of murder for the fatal shooting of truck driver J.T. McGarr in 1980. But DNA analysis and investigative reports were withheld from his original trial. New evidence proved that Hanline was innocent and he was finally released last November. Hanline said all he wants to do is go fishing and spend time with his wife and do a little gardening.
Second eruption from Calbuco volcano in southern Chile has covered towns and villages in thick layer of ash. First eruption in over four decades yesterday sent vast clouds of dust more than six miles into the air. Another unexpected eruption in the Los Lagos Region today heightened fears of local waters becoming contaminated. The ash covered cars and houses in cities as far as 18 miles away from the source of the eruption as another massive evacuation effort gets underway. Previous and equally violent eruptions have continued for up to a week, according to volcanologist.
Light general aviation aircraft approaches the Aero Acres residential airpark in Fort Pierce, Florida. The plane touches down with a bump and scratches along the tarmac. Its propellers can be heard ricocheting off the ground as the wings bounce up.
EU regulations say organic farmers must use 'substances from plants, animals or minerals in a homeopathic dilution' to treat ill fish. British and Norwegian vets say use of homeopathy could lead to 'serious animal health and welfare detriment' Directive is set to be brought into national law in non-EU Norway .
Study claims these 'taxibots' could cut the number of cars needed to perform the same number of journeys per day by 90 per cent. The finding comes amid reports that companies such as Google and Uber are working on technology to develop driverless taxis. The study, by Paris-based Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development, used data from Lisbon in Portugal. It simulated how such self-driving taxis would affect traffic.
Navinder Singh Sarao, 36, is accused of making £26million from illegal trades over five years. An investigation team involving six agencies in the US and Britain want him put on trial in New York. Sarao was warned about his trading in 2009 by officials at the self-regulatory Chicago Mercantile Exchange. However, he continued his alleged manipulation well into this year. Experts are bewildered that it's taken this long for action to be taken and say it boggles their mind .
The ruling clears the way for federal proceedings on similar charges in New Orleans, which lawyers believe he can win. Durst, 72, who faces a murder charge in an unrelated California case, remains jailed without bond in Louisiana. He was arrested at a hotel in March a day before the finale of his HBO docu-series The Jinx. Authorities said he had a gun and marijuana in room.
Duchess of Cambridge and nanny Maria Teresa Turrion Borrallo already in charge of nursery. But Carole Middleton and Pippa Middleton will also be on standby to help when baby arrives. School friends, society types and family members will be helping Kate as she gets to grips .
Bikram yoga involves 26 poses performed in a room heated to 40°C (105°F) with 40 per cent humidity. Scientists at the University of Wisconsin-La Crosse have warned the practice raises the risk of heat stroke. A typical 90-minute class is reduced to just an hour to reduce the risk. Scientists advise shortening the length of the class to just one hour to minimise the risk .
The Prime Minister stepped off the sleeper train at Penzance station ahead of a speech today. He wore a navy jacket, dark blue shirt, jeans and smart black shoes - as well as a red box. His hair was unkempt and he was wearing jeans with shiny loafers which might be more appropriate for business. Tories are battling against their Coalition partners in the South-West.
Barry Beavis launched a legal bid to overturn his fine, saying it was unfair, disproportionate and unenforceable. 48-year-old from Chelmsford, Essex, said fine was neither 'extravagant or unconscionable' in landmark ruling. Motoring groups accused judges of being 'out of touch' .
A staff member in Doyle's Washington D.C. office opened a letter containing a grainy white substance and immediately alerted Capitol police. The tests of the substance came back negative and the quarantine of Room 239 of the Cannon House Office building was removed at 3:37 p.m. on Wednesday. The substance has not yet been identified and neither has its sender but an investigation is ongoing.
Crawley-based Acro Aircraft Seating recently unveiled the design for its new premium economy seat. The firm is reshaping the future of the cabin that straddles business and economy with thinner and lighter seats. The seats were designed to eliminate the sources of discomfort and provide more space for occupants .
Ana Figueroa, 55, has spoken out for the first time since her son Nicholas, 23, died in a gas explosion on New York City's 2nd Avenue last month. Nicholas was on a blind date at a sushi bar when he was killed in the blast that destroyed three buildings. His family say that neither the landlord of the demolished buildings, Mayor Bill de Blasio nor Con Edison have contacted them with condolences. They have set up a memorial at the site .
Astronomers say Paul the Apostle was blinded for three days after seeing a bright light in the sky. They say descriptions of his experience match accounts of the Chelyabinsk meteor in 2013. The meteorite streaked across the sky above the city in Russia in February. It caused a shock wave and caused temporary blindness .
David Cameron said he knows that when it comes to immigration, 'fears and worries' remain. He said he had a ringside seat on Labour's complete failure on immigration in the House of Commons in 2001.
The 23-year-old founder of The Whole Pantry app sensationally admitted that her terminal cancer diagnosis was a lie in an interview with the Australian Women's Weekly. Leading psychologist Jo Lamble says Gibson's actions point to both a narcissism disorder and anti-social personality disorder. Lack of remorse is a common trait seen in those with anti- social personalities, says Lamble .
Matt Dunford, 30, bombarded Brazilian model Amanda Branco with up to 50 messages a day. He tried to blackmail her out of £5,000 after their six-month relationship broke down. He set up fake escort website profile on Facebook and sent it to her mother and sister. Dunford failed to appear at court but was found guilty of two counts of harassment without violence. He was given a 12 month community order and 120 hours unpaid work.
Theresa Dybalski, a retired insurance company from Lackawanna, New York, was celebrating at a birthday lunch when she received the ticket. Her friend who gave it to her has since died, so she plans to share her winnings with the friend's family, who has not been named.
Image shows a giant distant cluster of about 3,000 stars called Westerlund 2 inside a stellar 'breeding ground' called Gum 29, 20,000 light-years from Earth. Massive young stars can be seen feeding a nearby region with the fuel it needs to form new stars in the nebula.
FEMAIL reveals the origins of things that have actually been brought to England by people from abroad. Fish and chips is partly Portuguese and partly Belgian, polo is from Iran and tea is from India. And the tea bag was accidentally invented in New York .
Amelia Morton, 23, from Birmingham, weighed 12-and-a-half stone. She was shocked into a post-graduation diet after being told by her father: 'Boys don't fancy fat girls' Weighing 12.5 stone, she lost three stone .
Stacey Tipler, 33, used her job to steal £642,000 from the Royal Marsden NHS Trust. She spent the money on designer shopping sprees, mortgage payments and her planned wedding. But she and partner Scott Chaplin, 34, who was the ringleader of the plot, were caught and jailed last summer. She's already serving four years.
Figures show number of women taking Holy Vows has trebled from 15 in 2009 to 45 last year. Theodora Hawksley, 29, was until recently a post-doctoral researcher in theology at the University of Edinburgh.
A host of failings left gangs free to rape, traffic and sexually abuse at least 1,400 children in Rotherham. National Crime Agency said police force did not use 'alternative strategies' to protect victims. Review was launched last December in the wake of the damning Jay report on child sex exploitation .
Robert Bates, 73, appeared in Tulsa district court on Tuesday and pleaded not guilty to second-degree manslaughter over the death of Eric Harris, 44, who was killed during a botched gun-sale sting on April 2. In 2009, the Tulsa Sheriff's Office concluded that Bates had received special treatment during training and while working as a reserve deputy. Bates faces four years in prison if convicted .
45 per cent of Britons have lied about their earnings, spending, bills or credit cards. 41 per cent said they were in the dark about their partner's finances. Main reason for lying was to spare the feelings of a partner who earned less  .
Photographer Graeme Whipps captured this incredible image of the Lyrid meteor shower above Pitcaple in Aberdeenshire yesterday. The annual celestial event has been observed for the last 2,700 years and is expected to peak tonight with between 10 and 20 meteors an hour.
The iconic sports field, completed in 1960, has been torn down to make way for houses, a hotel and a shopping center. It has been home to the San Francisco Giants and San Francisco 49ers since 1971. Joe Montana led the 49ers to four Super Bowls while playing at Candlestick. Two World Series were played at the park, including in 1962 and 1989 .
New picture shows Tomlinson poised with suspicious roll-up and sitting next to plastic tub of weed-like substance. Taken on Wednesday amid 48 hours of partying with five girls in London. Comes just one month after Zayn Malik announced his decision to quit the boy band. The pair were seen joking about drugs during Latin American leg of their tour .
Photographers captured some remarkable pictures of the Lyrid meteor shower above the UK last night. The meteor shower, visible around the world but best seen from Europe, peaked overnight with between ten and 20 meteors an hour. Nick Watson, a semi-professional photographer from Newcastle, captured an amazing picture of the meteor over Lindisfarne Castle on Holy Island in Northumberland. He took his photo around 1am BST this morning and incredibly managed to get the colourful Northern Lights in the picture too. The cosmic show will continue on into Saturday, so it is still possible to catch some meteors.
The teacher, who had not been named, was teaching the fifth grade at Hawthorne Elementary in Albuquerque, New Mexico. Some students were so distressed by what they heard they immediately went to the school office to report him.
Care staff say they are increasingly being asked to perform tasks previously only carried out by nurses. These include changing catheter and colostomy bags, feeding through a tube and administering morphine. Worrying conclusions come in survey of 1,000 workers.
US Army Staf Sgt Julian McDonald welcomed 4-year-old Layka, a Belgian Malinois, into his Columbus, Ohio home after fighting to adopt her for two years. Layka was on her eighth overseas military tour with Sgt. McDonald in 2012 when she was shot four times at point blank range by an enemy fighter  .
Ellie Laing has hit back at an article in The Australian that suggested she and other journalists were hired for being young, white and female. Jim Carroll, the News and Current Affairs Director of SBS, was criticised for hiring 'good-looking, female, Anglo-Celtic' journalists. The Australian article also commented on the SBS content taking a more 'fluffy'
Psychologist Ramani Durvasula brings furniture assembly into therapy sessions after so many couples admitted to fighting while putting together IKEA items. 17 per cent of couples admit they would argue every time they assembled furniture together, according to a report by CivicScience.
Attorneys for the family said in a statement Wednesday night that the wrongful death lawsuit would be filed Thursday. Brown was unarmed when he was fatally shot by a white police officer, Darren Wilson, in a St. Louis suburb in August 2014.
Richard Symonds, 29, who goes by online name 'Chase me ladies, I'm the Cavalry', is one of the UK's top administrators for the website. He once described himself as 'Liberal Democrat to the last' before deleting his profile yesterday. Mr Symonds decided to block a user called 'Contribsx' on Tuesday .
Janet and John Brennan bought Barholm Castle in Dumfries and Galloway for just £65,000 in 1997 . They have spent eight years and hundreds of thousands of pounds turning it into a luxury home . The fortress is reputed to have been used by leader of Scottish Protestant Reformation John Knox as a hiding place . It is now on the market for £695,000  .
The photographs show female soldiers and fighter pilots in action among the ranks of armed forces around the world, including in Syria, Pakistan and North Korea. One image shows fighters from the Sawt al-Haq battalion of the Free Syrian army standing with their weapons as they undergo military training in Aleppo. Another shows female North Korean soldiers patrolling along the banks of Yalu.
Elephant became stuck in the quagmire during the night and was lying on her side in a state of desperation. More than 20 villagers and police officers teamed together to free the wild Asian elephant. Animal died of starvation, dehydration or exhaustion after being dragged out of the swamp.
Multi-millionaire Richard Harpin has given Tories £375,000 since 2008 - including £50,000 in first week of election campaign. Mr Harpin is the chief executive of HomeServe - the maintenance firm which styles itself as the UK's 'fifth emergency service' - official records show.
Willa Junior says he was exhausted and dozed off while loading a plane at Seattle-Tacoma Airport on April 13. He woke up when a piece of luggage landed on his head and then called 911 - but his call cut out after 44 seconds . He started banging on the ceiling of the cargo hold and passengers and crew heard and the plane was forced to turn around after just 14 minutes in the air . Junior is currently still employed at Menzies Aviation, but he has been permanently banned from working on Alaska Airlines flights. He says he is incredibly sorry for the trouble his nap caused the passengers  .
Security researchers have found a way to intercept a person's fingerprints on a Samsung Galaxy S5 running Android 4.4 and older. When a fingerprint is scanned it is encrypted, but the flaw allows hackers to collect scans from the sensor before being encrypted. The flaw lies in older versions of the Android operating system. Anyone running Android 5.0 or above is not at risk and should update immediately .
Bruce Cook has been warned by police that he may face serious charges if he doesn't take down his 'offensive' hay bale structure out in front of his property at Lake Charm, northwest of Victoria. The sculpture, made out of bales of compressed grass, depicts the obscene intimacy between a cow and a bull. The 59-year-old says he will be adding fairy lights to the structure tonight and plans to add an extra two calves to complete the sculpture.
Ilia de Mana boasts a main residence and four chalets over crystal clear water, with air-conditioned rooms to beat the Brazilian heat. The 15-acre outcrop is located off the Costa Verde, between Rio de Janeiro and Sao Paulo. The island is a 15-minute boat ride from Paraty, and three hours by car or helicopter .
Aaron and Jade Badland were too drunk to remember what they had done at Premier Inn at Stansted Airport. Mr Badland, 24, a bomb disposal officer in the Engineering Regiment, was wearing his Army uniform during the attack.
Patrick Revins, 49, sold £10-worth of the Class A drug hidden in a Kinder Egg to the policeman in November 2013. The detective was easily able to identify who sold him the drugs as Revins has 'P' and 'R' tattooed forehead.
Researchers at the University of Bath and Yale University created the invention. It uses a newly designed molecular catalyst to split water in an electrolyser and create clean and storable hydrogen fuel. The main problem with the production of hydrogen was the waste oxygen it produces. The new catalyst is more efficient at performing the crucial oxidation half of the reaction than any other existing material, minimising energy losses.
The body of Anne Jarmain, 86, was found at 7pm on Wednesday; 10 hours after her car was pulled off the road and underwater. Her car was swept away near Cessnock Road in Maitland, in the NSW Hunter Region. Her family and friend are in shock, with her neighbours lamenting that they could not convince the sweet, 'strong-willed' woman to stay at home. She was dragged into the waters when she tried to overtake a stalled car.
David Cameron used a selfie stick for the first time during a visit to Pirate FM in Cornwall . He posed with the telescopic device to take a photograph with staff at Pirate FM . The Prime Minister travelled down to the south west on the sleeper train  .
One of the Hillsborough samaritans has come forward after an appeal was launched to identify them. Investigators released images of football fans pictured carrying the wounded on stretchers and tending to others. The images were released as part of an ongoing Home Office inquiry into the 1989 disaster . Police believe those pictured may be able to answer questions of victims' families about how they died in the tragedy   .
Labour received £1.1million in donations between April 6 and April 12 - more than twice as much as Tory party. Unison handed over £311,875, USDAW £300,480 and Len McCluskey's Unite a further £112,000. Most of the Tory cash came from wealthy individuals, who gave over £460,000 - the largest single amount to Tories.
The 22-year-old supermodel lives by the ABC rule: No alcohol, bread or processed carbohydrates. Eats one whole egg and one white egg scrambled on a bed of spinach for breakfast, followed by green juice and almonds .
Julie Ronayne was awarded £160,000 after bungled hysterectomy at Liverpool Women's Hospital in 2008. Husband Edward awarded £9,000 due to nervous shock he suffered when he saw his wife's appearance. He said he had been 'brought up not to complain' but had never fully recovered from the sight. NHS is now fighting to overturn payout, fearing it could have disastrous consequences for the organisation .
Nicole P. Eramo said in an open letter Wednesday to the magazine's publisher, Jann S. Wenner, that the magazine has not done enough to make amends. The magazine retracted an article about sexual violence at U.Va. after the Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism issued a scathing report this month concluding Rolling Stone had failed to meet journalistic standards .
Fifi M. Maacaron, 36, is a pharmacist and natural skincare expert who believes natural alternatives are the way forward. Her book, Natural Beauty Alchemy, contains over 100 ingredients that can be concocted in your own kitchen. Contains recipes for everything from cleansers.
Officer Ben Johnson, who has been on the force four years, was answering reports of a drunk woman inside Deluxe Nails at a strip mall in Red Rock, Texas, on Tuesday. When he arrived, he contained 27-year-old Viviana Keith, who was walking toward her car, and began handcuffing her. Johnson claims the woman started resisting him, forcing him to pull a fast and forceful take-down, but video shows otherwise.
The bum rush on the non-profit came about after a report cast a new shadow over the charity's fundraising practices while Hillary Clinton served as the United State's chief diplomat. A Reuters investigation that revealed the Bill, Hillary and Chelsea Clinton Foundation had misreported millions of dollars in donations from foreign nations led the global charity to announce that it would refile more than five years of tax documents. The discovery came as separate financial reviews found that previously unreported foreign businesses either donated money directly to the family foundation or paid Bill to speak while their countries were doing official business with the State Department during Hillary's tenure. Former business executive Carly Fiorina, who will reportedly announce her own candidacy the same day, slammed the charity on social media .
Tiffany Williams and Jessica Versey, both 19, became close friends during treatment and went into remission. They took to social media to post images of themselves - including one of Miss Williams's bald head and another of Miss Versey's chest scar. But these were reported for being 'offensive' to Facebook. Miss Williams was cleared of Hodgkin lymphoma earlier this month and regularly documented her struggle with losing hair.
Stephen Munden, 54, described as having a 'fanatical obsession' with small girls after he targeted a toddler on a bus. He has been missing since 6.15pm on Tuesday and was last seen leaving a hospital, near Hook, Hampshire. Officers have launched a manhunt.
Australian PM Tony Abbott says EU must 'urgently' follow his lead to stop migrants dying in the Mediterranean. EU leaders will hold crisis summit in Brussels today to agree a strategy after up to 900 people were killed in Libya.
Those studying at Goldsmiths, University of London, were invited to meeting to discuss 'diversifying the curriculum' Organiser Bahar Mustafa said it was only open to BME [black and minority ethnic] women and non-binary people .
Hollywood star Angelina Jolie had an oophorectomy after being diagnosed with breast cancer. Carriers of the BRCA1 gene have a 50 to 80 per cent chance of developing breast cancer in their lifetime if diagnosed with it.
The president opened his speech on the South Lawn by remarking 'that whole (deflategate) story got blown out of proportion' Obama also quipped that he wished Chicago could learn something from Boston's championship-winning ways. Head coach Bill Belichick, who is notoriously humorless, responded by giving the president a thumbs down and a groan  .
Hello pulls in any publicly-shared data from a user's Facebook profile and lets you easily block unwanted callers. The free app is currently in testing and is only available on Android devices in the US . It is expected to roll out to other regions and devices if testing is successful  .
The move comes after the Federal Communications Commission decided that merger wasn't in the public interest and threw up a regulatory roadblock following fierce opposition from net neutrality activists and content providers like Disney and 21st Century Fox. An announcement from the telecoms giant, already the biggest cable company in the country, could come as early as tomorrow. The proposed merger would have controlled 57percent of the broadband internet market and 30 percent of the paid TV market.
Dr Elena Temereva from the Department of Invertebrate Zoology at the Faculty of Biology of the Lomonosov Moscow State University studied Lingula anatina, an ancient brachiopod found all over the world. She says our ancestors had appendages that were used for movement and food collection  .
Photos show Maria Sidorova and Lidia Fetisova hugging and kissing the 650kg bear, named Stephen. Organisers wanted to highlight importance of living 'side-by-side' with bears and discourage hunting. But in one picture, a model was shown wearing a fur coat as she hugged the bear - despite the anti-hunting message  .
Christian Tyrrell, 22, was arrested Wednesday on capital murder charges in connection to the March 19 death of 2-year-old Adrian Langlais. Adrian's adoptive grandparents John Winkler and Laura Martinez considered themselves Adrian's grandparents, even though they weren't blood related to the little boy. The couple said they started noticing bruises on Adrian last fall, when his mother started dating Tyrrell. Eventually, they reported Adrian's injuries to Child Protective Services, but the agency closed the investigation in February, ruling out abuse .
Boris Johnson admits he hopes to be considered to lead the Conservative Party after David Cameron. London Mayor insists the position would not become vacant for five years. Mr Johnson, running to become MP in Uxbridge and South Ruislip, has long been tipped.
Nasa has put together a team of 'extraterrestrial experts' to see if any of the planets discovered outside our solar system are habitable. The initiative, dubbed Nexus for Exoplanet System Science (Nexss), will include scientists from 10 universities including Stanford, the University of California.
Salzburg Airport in Austria charges £2,530 to land a 767-400 jet on its runways. Haneda Airport in Tokyo is the most expensive airport in the world for private jet landing fees. Darwin Airport in Australia and Dublin Airport in the UK make the top 10.
Charlene Fritz, 35, was visiting Snow Hill Island in the Antarctic Peninsula as part of an expedition. The elephant seal pup is thought to have weighed around 200lbs, and Ms Fritz struggled to sit upright under its weight .
New book claims King Juan-Carlos II had a decade-long affair with a German socialite. It also claims he contemplated divorcing Queen Sofia in order to marry her. King Felipe and Queen Letizia put on united front as they visited University of Alcala.
The four-bedroom 19th century sandstone property cost Dinnigan $4.45 million back in 2009. The two-storey terrace home was built in 1880, and is set on 379 square metres of prime Paddington real estate. The international designer and her husband carefully renovated the property to be 'very sympathetic and in keeping with the period style, while still keeping it contemporary' The couple share their meticulously crafted home with children 10-year-old Estella and Hunter.
The video was filmed at an undisclosed location in China and has gone viral on social media. The woman had been taking pictures of her children with her new iPhone 6 plus. The elderly man accidentally bumped into the woman's shoulder and her phone fell on the ground, breaking the screen.
Bethune-Cookman University student Damian Parks, 22, drowned in Daytona Beach on Sunday after going for a swim with friends at 3am. He was pulled out to see by a strong current and his body was later found on Monday morning. Students who were with Parks, who were all part of a step team, said no hazing.
Unite boss Len McCluskey boasted that the trade union movement 'owns' the Labour party. He said: 'The Labour Party is our party. We built it, to serve us, the people' Comes just 24 hours after Alex Salmond bragged he would be writing Labour's budget . WARNING: GRAPHIC CONTENT.
Grade I listed Walton Canonry is on the south side of Cathedral Close, Salisbury. It backs onto the meadow where John Constable took studies for his famous 1831 painting of the cathedral. The 8,147 sq ft mansion has six bedrooms, two kitchens, a drawing room, dining room, study, office, library, media room and wine cellar. Previous owners include Rex Whistler and author Leslie Thomas   .
Institute for Fiscal Studies analysed policies of all the main parties to see how their policies would increase borrowing. Tories accused of giving 'no detail' about their deficit reduction plan. Labour has left the door open to borrowing an extra £26billion.
The pilot scheme is launching in Munich next month and Amazon has teamed up with Audi and DHL to run the initiative. Prime customers selected for the trial will be given the option to pinpoint the location of their car on a map. Once ordered, a DHL delivery driver will receive a temporary digital access code. As soon as the boot is closed the vehicle is locked automatically and the code is revoked.
The 65-year-old former decathlete is seen greeting Diane Sawyer at his home in the 30-second clip. He tells the journalist: 'It's going to be an emotional rollercoaster, but somehow I'm gonna get through it' . ABC has kept a tight lid on Friday's much talked about broadcast, only releasing a couple of non specific quotes from Bruce .
There were 3,700 women who served in the Nazi death camps during the Second World War. But only three have been investigated for their roles as accomplices to mass murder. They are all deemed too ill or infirm to ever be punished by German prosecutors. WARNING: GRAPHIC CONTENT.
The Variety Theater in Cleveland, Ohio, was once home to one of the earliest single screen cinemas in the city. The venue hosted Metallica, the Dead Kennedy's and R.E.M. before Motorhead's gig in 1984. It was closed after the ceiling cracked and plaster began to fall.
SNP leader said predecessor Alex Salmond did not have to field questions on why he has not started a family. She said: 'A man would never get asked about clothes or hair or something else. It's just different' Made remarks in the latest of five special programmes profiling the main party leaders with their families at home. Revealed Margaret Thatcher inspired her to get into politics.
Ravi Beefnah plastered his £35,000 Audi A5 with slogans and parked it outside the dealership he bought it from. The 34-year-old claims the car uses a litre of oil every time he fills it up. He is taking the dealership to court over their failure to fix it.
Stefania La Greca, 36, is running for local elections in southern Italy in May's regional elections. She has posted dozens of pictures of herself in skimpy bikinis and swimwear on social media. But she has defended her pictures and said she was not using her looks to get votes   .
GetUp's new website, The Gender Price Gap, has exposed nine everyday items that cost more for women than men. Members and everyday consumers have identified nine separate products that have identical female versions which cost more. This is despite the products being identical in almost every way except whether they are targeted towards women or men   .
Andrew Stewart Wood, of Havant, Hampshire, was arrested at the Hard Rock Hotel in the early hours of Tuesday. A guest told a security guard that there was a very intoxicated man on the premises. The guard located Wood and saw him urinating into an ice machine while intoxicated .
Ali Maffucci, 28, lost 11 kg (almost two stone) in three months through replacing pasta, bread and rice with spirazlied vegetables. The spiralizer is a razor-sharp cutting device that creates thin ribbons of fruits and vegetables . She dropped from a size 14/16 to a size 8/10 and is now working on toning instead of losing weight to get in shape .
Omar Hussain, 27, from High Wycombe, regularly makes videos and posts on social media about life in the Islamic State. He has warned would-be jihadi brides to be wary of fighters who seem to spend too much time online. The former Morrisons security guard used to live at home with his mother and has not managed to get himself a jihadi bride. WARNING: GRAPHIC CONT.
Karlis Bardelis, 30, was attempting to scale the cliff in Coire an Lochain, Scotland, when the accident happened. Footage from a camera mounted to his helmet shows the very second that his climbing axe came loose.
Nicole Mayhew had gone to work leaving her spouse Scott working on his car in their garage. While she was gone, the 43-year-old was seriously injured when the heavy vehicle fell off its jack - crushing his chest. Mrs Mayhew got a 'funny feeling' she needed to see her husband and rushed home to find him trapped.
Maurice Van Ryn's wife Louise has had her letterbox fire-bombed and received threatening calls. The father of one of his victims has also been seen in her backyard. The wealthy NSW businessman has pleaded guilty to 12 sex offences. He is now allowed to sell off some of his assets to support his wife and pay off debts. He will be sentenced on June 17 .
Foreskin facials are the latest unconventional beauty treatment to be hitting salons in New York. Treatment uses stem cell from an infant's foreskin and promises to erase wrinkles, reverse sun damage, lighten dark spots .
James Creag, 11, suffers from the condition Erythropoietic Protoporphyria, which means his skin cannot be exposed to sunlight. He was given Dundee Reflective Sunscreen, a thick brown paste which blocks out the light.
Meghan Blalock, 29, is the Managing Editor of style website Who What Wear. In a new article, she reveals what her changing sizes taught her about being comfortable in her own skin and how being thinner did not equal being happier .
Celebrity chef Pete Evans is under attack for his 'reworked' baby milk formula. Dietitians have singled out a 'happy tummy brew' in Evans' cookbook. The original recipe contained more than 10 times the maximum daily intake of vitamin A. The Dieticians Association of Australia said the formula still presents a threat.
The 28-year-old Girls star penned an essay for Seventeen magazine titled ‘Why I'm on Team Weirdo For Life’ in which she recounted the regrettable moment when she yielded to the pressure to be regular.
Archaeologists have discovered evidence that Neanderthals regularly inhabited the Cave of Llenes, near Senterada in Catalonia, around 200,000 years ago. Fossilised remains of badgers were found in old dens within the cave alongside Neanderthal camps. Other canivores including cave bears, hyenas, leopards and wolves.
Photographer Rhiannon Taylor, 29, from Australia has turned her social media success into a business. Has travelled the world reviewing the best hotels, pools and room service. Has more than 12,000 followers on Instagram and reviews everything from the best pies .
David Cameron's party has opened up a four-point lead over Labour with 36% of the vote compared to 32% for Ed Miliband's party. Tory vote share equals their highest since March 2012 with just two weeks to go. Labour is on 32%, Ukip on 10%, Lib Dems on 8% and the Greens on 5% .
France recently passed a law banning models from walking the catwalk if their body mass index is too low. Agencies who employ 'too-thin' models face fines of up to $80,000 and six months in prison under the new law. Former model Jennifer Sky, 38, from Brooklyn, New York, has revealed in an op-ed for the New York Observer that the fashion industry has already found a way around the regulations  .
The Sony World Photography Award winners were announced at a gala in London last night. American John Moore's poignant images of the outbreak in Liberia were praised by the judges. They were named the best from a group of first place winners in categories that included architecture, arts and culture, conceptual, contemporary and landscapes .
Thibaud Jean Leon Vallet, 24, and his cousin Jean Mickael Batrikian, 18, pleaded guilty to animal cruelty. The pair lit the quokka on fire with an aerosol can and a lighter on Rottnest Island on April 3. They were ordered to pay a $4000 fine and were told they would be held behind bars for seven days if they failed to pay the fine. Both men were released on Thursday morning .
Officers seen running around armed with lassos as they attempted to catch stray Shetland foal. Incident took place around 10am on Tuesday along Interstate 35W in Fort Worth, with traffic backed up as a result.
David Petraeus was sentenced to two years probation and fined $100,000 for leaking classified material to his mistress Paula Broadwell. The former U.S. Army General was wearing his wedding ring to the hearing in Charlotte, North Carolina on Thursday. He told the court he wanted to apologize to those closest to him 'for the pain my actions caused' Broadwell was writing his biography at the time .
Seven out of 17 bingo halls tested found to have traces of Class A drugs in toilet cubicles. One venue in Bristol had traces of crack cocaine, which is a more dangerous form of the drug. News comes as hospital figures reveal a spike in drug abuse among the elderly, with 634 treated for addiction last year .
Janet Street-Porter reveals her list of the things that are making her unhappy. She is baffled by pay-by-phone car parking, what's wrong with cash? Janet is crosser than celebrities' claims that any weight-loss is due to ‘eating healthily’  .
Adele Adkins, 26, has earned £5million in the last year, despite releasing no new music. Mother-of-one has double the wealth of her closest rivals - the four members of One Direction. Ed Sheeran, 24, has enjoyed the year’s biggest rise, with a £13million boost taking his fortune to £20million   .
Clarence David Moore, 66, escaped from police custody three times during the 1970s and eventually settled into a quiet life, living in Kentucky since at least 2009. His health is poor from a stroke late last year and he has difficulty speaking. Moore was convicted of larceny of more than $200 in North Carolina in 1967 and was sentenced to up to seven years in prison in 1971 .
The shocking images were taken in ISIS-held territory in the province of Homs in Syria. They show the two accused men being savagely executed by up to four jihadis. Huge, bloodthirsty crowds are seen in the desert clearing where the group of executioners made a display of hugging the blindfolded couple.
Teenager from Blackburn, Lancashire, is thought to be youngest person charged with Islamist-related terror offences. He is said to have incited an Australian teenager to behead, run over or shoot a police officer in a 'Lee Rigby-style' massacre. The 14-year-old is also alleged to have encouraged Sevdet Besim, 18, to carry out another decapitation on a 'loner' in their own home in Australia  .
New Jersey Governor Chris Christie appeared on The Tonight Show Wednesday evening and called out host Jimmy Fallon for his weight jokes about him. After Fallon told Christie he 'looked great,' the New Jersey politician asked him; 'If I look great, what the hell's with all the jokes every night?' Then, to make amends, Fallon gave Christie his favorite food - ice cream. Christie has not yet announced if he plans to run for president in the upcoming election .
Bright yellow gatso had previously enforced the 30mph speed limit for motorists in Handsworth, Birmingham. It has not been working for two years after every single fixed device was switched off in 2013.
At 47 stone (660lb) Bettie Jo was housebound and unable to tend to her own needs. Husband Josh had to do everything for her and kept her on a diet of fried chicken and barbecue sauce. But Josh has admitted he didn't support the 24-year-old with her bid to lose weight .
Celebrity chef Curtis Stone and his wife Lindsay Price have two boys, Hudson, 3, and Emerson, 7 months. The 39-year-old is back in Australia to promote his new cookbook, Good Food, Good Life. Stone says his biggest priority is to feed his children healthy food and not junk food like hot dogs .
One in seven U.S. residents will be an immigrant by 2023, according to Center for Immigration Studies. By 2060, immigrants could account for 82 per cent of all population growth in the country. Net immigration will steadily increase over next 45 years.
To mark its 10th anniversary, Natural World Safaris has launched a new series of ‘Ultimate Safari’ adventures. The grand adventure promises to deliver up and close and personal moments with some of the world's most elusive wildlife.
Jamelia said obese women 'should feel uncomfortable' about their unhealthy size on Loose Women. The panellist said 'unhealthy lifestyles' should not be 'facilitated' by high street stores. Now the plus-size industry has taken to social media to share their own views on the topic.
Scientists in The Netherlands were using the Lofar radio telescope to study lightning. They found it could measure changes in lightning caused by cosmic rays. A storm can have hundreds of millions of volts over multiple kilometres. The method could provide a novel way to understand thunderclouds. Cosmic rays are up to a billion times more energetic than particles at Cern's Large Hadron Collider in the universe.
Britain has long seen prosecco as the second choice to champagne, now that's all changing. Last year UK sales overtook those of champagne for the first time - £181.8 million compared with £141.3 million. Sales have increased by 28 per cent since 2012.
Andrew Hutchinson raped two patients while they were under general anaesthetic at John Radcliffe Hospital Oxford. The 29-year-old was convicted of 23 separate charges last month including making indecent images of children. In 2009 a student nurse reported Hutchinson as having taken inappropriate photographs at the hospital. Staff at Oxford University Hospitals Trust chose not to investigate the complaint as there was not sufficient evidence .
Identical twins share 100 per cent of their genes, meaning it has been impossible to tell which sibling a sample comes from. Researchers at the University of Huddersfield have created a technique which can distinguish between the genetic fingerprints of identical twins. Method is called high resolution melt curve analysis (HRMA) The more hydrogen bonds present in DNA, the higher the temperature needed to melt them. This is because different life experiences create variations in the number of hydrogen bonds in the DNA .
Carl Bradey lost everything he owned in the blaze, which was started by a candle in his Palmerston North rental property last month. The 25-year-old smashed through a window to rescue the child of a family friend, suffering nerve damage. He has undergone four major operations, including multiple skin grafts and the removal of a damaged vein .
Andrew Steele had pleaded not guilty by reason of mental disease to two counts of first-degree intentional homicide in the August 22 shooting deaths of his wife, Ashlee Steele, 39, and her sister, 38-year-old Kacee Tollefsbol of Lake Elmo, Minnesota. A jury deliberated for about 10 hours until all but two of the 12 agreed the verdict early on Thursday. Defense attorneys argued that Lou Gehrig's disease had damaged Steele's brain, making him not criminally responsible for the deaths. Steele had been diagnosed with the progressive neurodegenerative disease last June. Forensic psychiatrist Dr. Doug Tucker had testified that a rambling note Steele wrote about suicide and sexual relations was delusional .
French Prime Minister Manuel Valls said five terrorist attacks have been foiled in France since January's Charlie Hebdo massacre. Comments follow arrest of Sid Ahmed Ghlam, 24, who was allegedly preparing to storm churches with weapons. He was caught on Sunday after accidently shooting himself in the leg after allegedly murdering Aurelie Chatelain. DNA evidence also reportedly links him to murder of 33-year-old mother and fitness instructor. Police are now hunting for at least two accomplices linked to him.
Alison Saunders said she was 'not afraid' of a legal challenge over her decision not to charge Lord Janner. She said she is convinced the Labour peer is not fit to plead because of his dementia. Victims and leading politicians have accused her of 'damaging public confidence' in justice system. But she refused to quit because 'making the right decision'
The Clinton Foundation and the Clinton Health Access Initiative are refiling at least five years of tax returns. The charities' errors generally took the form of under-reporting or over-reporting donations from foreign governments. The errors appear on the form 990s that all non-profit organizations must file annually with the Internal Revenue Service to maintain their tax-exempt status .
Volcano Calbuco, in southern Chile, erupted for the first time in more than 40 years on Wednesday. It sent a huge plume of gas and ash soaring into the sky which was visible from up to 100 miles away. An estimated 1,500 people were forced to flee the nearby town of Ensenada after the eruption at around 6pm.
Anika Stanford arrived at Leeton Police Station on Thursday morning to meet with officers. She is believed to have given police information which led them to a road in Cocoparra National Park. Vincent Stanford, 24, has been charged with the murder of Stephanie Scott, 26. Ms Scott's funeral was held on Wednesday at the venue where she was supposed to get married. The much-loved teacher's family buried her in an emotional service at Eat Your Greens in Eugowra.
Henry Rayhons, 78, was accused of having sex with his wife Donna Lou RayhONS at her nursing home. The Iowa lawmaker was cleared after a trial in Hancock County, Iowa . He had argued that on the night in question he and his wife had been affectionate but had not had any sexual contact . The case highlighted issues around consent when one person in a couple is diagnosed with dementia and Alzheimers is unable to consent .
DJ Pete Tong will pay 'homage to Ibiza and its infectious, energetic brand of club music' It will take place on July 29, coinciding with the 20th anniversary of Radio 1's broadcasts from Ibiza. BBC accused of 'dumbing down'
Man-made quakes jolted once stable regions in eight states, including parts of Alabama, Arkansas, Colorado, Kansas, New Mexico, Ohio, Oklahoma and Texas. Earthquakes sometimes caused by fracking, in which large volumes of water, sand and chemicals are pumped into rock formations to free oil.
Deputy finance minister Dimitras Mardas set alarm bells ringing yesterday when he declared the country had been 'running on empty' since February. Greece faces the deeply damaging prospect of having to snub its own employees to make a €200m payment to the International Monetary Fund. Debt repayment deadline looming on May 1.
Jake Malone, 60, met a woman calling herself 'RiLi' on a social website 11 months ago. She contacted him after becoming divorced and he decided to visit her in Shenzhen, South China. But when he turned up at her company's address, he found it had been closed for years. He now walks the streets with a sign bearing her picture attached to his torso.
Fiona 'Kitty' Carroll was at Kemah Boardwalk Marina as her father worked on his boat on Wednesday. When he checked on her 'after a brief moment', she was gone, police said. Her bucket was found in the water but there was no sign of the little girl  .
The beer will be made from waste gathered by sewage treatment firm Clean Water Services. The company will treat the effluent before handing it over to microbrewers who will turn it into a tasty tipple. Production has been approved by alcohol regulators in Oregon .
Darren Jones, who is standing for Bristol North West, was due to take part in a live TV debate . The Labour candidate started swaying on his feet in front of worried audience members before collapsing . Channel forced to cut to commercials as the 28-year-old recovered on the studio floor while programme was delayed .
Kevin Rebbie, 56, of Limerick Township, Pennsylvania, faces several charges, including aggravated indecent assault, unlawful contact with a minor, sexual abuse of children and invasion of privacy. The investigation began when a 15-year-old girl found a hidden camera under the sink in a bathroom in her home in March.
Ivan Balashov was browsing through smartphones in a shop in Novokuznetsk, southern Russia. He took a picture of himself wearing a bobble hat and a fake Reebok top. Police found his selfie on a phone in the store and recognised him.
Koby Hodder's heart stopped for 12 minutes after he collapsed while playing British Bulldog game. His heart suddenly stopped beating blood around his body and he collapsed and lost consciousness. Doctors were able to give Koby CPR until paramedics arrived and saved his life. He was later diagnosed with the same heart condition as former Bolton Wanderers player Fabrice Muamba.
The auction will showcase 351 historically significant and antique jewels spanning from the 18th to the 20th centuries. It includes a pink diamond worth £8million, a sapphire worth £2.7million and a pair of diamond earrings with £670,000.
Deborah Kane, from Manchester, had her right eye removed three years ago in a life-saving nine-hour operation. The 46-year-old believes her cancer developed from getting badly burned on holiday in Lanzarote when she was 15.
Jeremy Clarkson, James May and Richard Hammond held talks with Top Gear executive producer Andy Wilman. Meeting comes just hours before it was sensationally announced he had quit the BBC. Mr Wilman, a childhood friend of Clarkson, helped revamp Top Gear into the Corporation's most successful programme. It means he is now free to reunite with the team on a rival channel. There is widespread speculation the men are working on a new motoring series to be aired by Netflix or Amazon. May said BBC would be 'stupid' to try a version of the show with 'a surrogate Jeremy', Hammond and himself .
Virtual studio DesignCrowd asked people to submit before and after graphics of some of the world's most famous landscapes. Nearly 100 submissions have been created, with a number of them focusing on the 300m-high Eiffel Tower in Paris .
All the land in the lower 48 states was worth a combined $23trillion in 2009, according to new study. Washington DC had the highest price, with land costing more than $1million per acre. California was the most valuable state overall at $3.9trillion while Vermont was second.
Two ambulances sent to Epping Forest after caller said 'someone' had been run down by a car. But the 'victim' turned out to be a squirrel that had been hit by the car. Another man said he had dropped his burger and it was 'bleeding' while a woman said she had eaten too much takeaway.
Alejandro Bouvier of Uruguay filmed the moment another rider got scarily close to his watercraft. Luckily the two jet skiers avoid a dangerous collision thanks to some swift steering.
Lyvette Crespo, 43, entered the plea to a grand jury indictment Thursday. She was ordered held on $150,000 bail and could face up to 21 years in state prison if convicted. She allegedly shot her husband, Bell Gardens, California Mayor Daniel Crespa, three times in the chest on September 30. The killing came after the late mayor's years of domestic abuse, the widow claims. His brother says those claims are all a lie.
Dr Mohammad Ali Jawad, 56, allegedly dimmed the lights, shut the blinds and asked her to dance to the music of Julio Iglesias. He is claimed to have asked her: ‘Do you see me as a man or a surgeon?’. Dr Jawad came to prominence when he led pioneering reconstruction surgery on acid attack victim Katie Piper .
The first black woman to become the top U.S. law enforcement official, Lynch, 55, was approved by a 56-43 vote, with 10 Republicans joining with Senate Democrats to approve her. Curiously absent from the final vote was Texas Senator Ted Cruz - a key opponent of Lynch's nomination. He was the only member of the Senate who did not cast a vote. A copy of a Cruz for President invitation later began flying around Twitter that showed the GOP presidential candidate had skipped town early to make an appearance at a fundraiser at the home of former Texas Rangers owner and billionaire Tom Hicks.
Ten doctors sent a letter to Columbia University urging the school to remove TV celebrity doctor Mehmet Oz from his faculty position because he is a 'charlatan' who promotes 'quack treatments' Oz used Thursday's episode of The Dr. Oz Show to hit back and claim that the criticism he's received is part of a conspiracy because of his views on genetically modified food. A BMJ analysis of 40 random episodes of his show revealed that his recommendations were supported by evidence only 46 percent of the time. Oz also included a statement from the BMJ, which he described as his harshest critic.
Andrea Yates drowned her five children in the bathtub of their Texas home in June 2001. She was convicted of capital murder in 2002 and sentenced to life in prison. But an appeals court granted her a retrial and she was found not guilty by reason of insanity in 2006. Her ex-husband Rusty, who has since remarried and has a five-year-old son, slammed her murder trial as the 'cruelest thing he had ever witnessed' .
Cardinal Francis George was remembered Thursday as a man of deep faith, intellect and compassion as Catholics said their final goodbyes to the man who led the nation's third-largest archdiocese and was known as a vigorous defender of Roman Catholic orthodoxy. George also didn't hesitate to speak his mind, even if it was unscripted and, at times, controversial, said Seattle Archbishop J. Peter Sartain, who delivered the homily at a packed funeral Mass at Chicago's Holy Name Cathedral on Thursday .
Dutch natural scientist Antoni van Leeuwenhoek used his body as a guinea pig in an experiment in 1677. He took three lice, nestled them among the hairs of his calf, rolled up a tight stocking and left the stocking on and did not bathe.
The classic Anzac biscuit recipe is a simple one that features rolled oats, desiccated coconut, and golden syrup. FEMAIL asked well-known food authors to contribute their spin on the classic recipe, from sugar-free to raw.
Mysterious cardboard signs have appeared all over the Surrey village of Milford. Written in black marker pen they read: 'please forgive me' and 'we need to talk' They were first spotted by residents in the affluent village on Tuesday morning. Speculation as to the identity of the author .
English, Welsh and Northern Irish MPs will be able to set a separate rate of income tax to that in Scotland. English MPs must be given a veto on legislation that no longer applies in Scotland . Plan is likely to trigger a row with Labour, which opposes the idea of an English veto, which Labour opposes .
A dozen Native American extras and the cultural adviser walked off the set of Adam Sandler's new movie The Ridiculous 6 on Wednesday. The film stars Sandler, Taylor Lautner, Nick Nolte and Steve Buscemi and is a spoof of The Magnificent Seven. One of the extras, Loren Anthony, a Navajo Nation tribal member, said the film was offensive towards Native American women. 'We were supposed to be Apache, but it was really stereotypical and we did not look Apache at all. We looked more like Comanche,' he said . The movie's director, Frank Coraci, said 'It is a satire of movies and stereotypes but in the title is ridiculous' .
Brock Guzman, 8, was taken from his California home when someone stole the family car from their driveway as he slept inside on Monday morning. His parents, Paul and Suzanne, are now filing a formal complaint against police for the way they were treated after they reported their son missing. Paul claims his wife Suzanne was handcuffed and thrown to the ground by officers after she refused to let them into their home. Police found their son two miles away in the car, and he has since written a letter of thanks them .
Ahmed Gaddaf al-Dam is a former minister and Muammar Gaddafi's cousin. He said the 'overwhelming chaos' in Libya 'has become a shame that will haunt the countries' But senior Conservative minister William Hague has defended the government's role in helping to overthrow dictator.
Juan Carlos was said to have been romancing Corinna zu Sayn-Wittgenstein for a decade. The affair ended in 2014 when he abdicated in favour of his son, Felipe. Final De Partida, by Ana Romero, sold out within 24 hours of being published.
A police officer has been charged with leaking confidential information about the arrest of fallen AFL star Ben Cousins to his girlfriend. First Class Constable Daniel Jamieson allegedly looked up the information on a police computer. Channel 7 Perth news reporter Monique Dirksz got the scoop on Cousins' arrest when she was the only journalist outside Freemantle Police station at 2am on March 12. The troubled star was arrested on March 11 over an alleged low-speed chase.
John Hinckley Jr. has been dating a woman he met at a National Association for the Mentally Ill meeting. This was revealed by his brother Scott during a hearing to determine if he should be released from hospital. He currently spends half of his days institutionalized after being found not guilty by reason of insanity for shooting President Ronald Reagan in 1981. He shot Reagan and three others, including White House press secretary James Brady, in a bid to impress actress Jodie Foster. Testimony is expected to wrap up next week to determine whether he can move in permanently with his mother  .
NBC journalist Jeff Rossen filmed an airport worker at LaGuardia Airport in New York doing push-ups on the runway. Footage shows the employee wearing his high-visibility jacket and gloves while performing the aerobic stunt.
The Porsche 911 Carrera was crushed by a builder's lorry in a suburban street in Nottingham. Both vehicles had been caught in traffic after a cyclist was injured on a nearby road. Police said there were no life-threatening injuries reported .
Bruce Davis, 72, was convicted in the 1969 slayings of musician Gary Hinman and stuntman Donald 'Shorty' Shea and sentenced to life in prison in 1972. Davis, who once bragged of cutting Shea's head off, claimed he has turned his life around in prison, earning a doctoral degree in philosophy, becoming religious and ministering to other inmates. The parole board cited those accomplishments, along with his age and good behavior as reasons.
Oskar Groening told the Lueneburg state court on Thursday that he did not expect Jews at Auschwitz to make it out alive. The 93-year-old's answer came in response to a question from attorneys representing Auschwitz survivors. He is being tried on 300,000 counts of accessory to murder. On Wednesday Groening described how so many Jews were brought to the Auschwitz death camp at once that he was put on a 24-hour shift.
David Billing, 48, was diagnosed with mouth cancer after being unable to swallow. Surgeons sawed through his jawbone and removed part of his tongue to remove the tumour. They then replaced the lost tissue with muscle from Mr Billing's arm, which still has hairs on it. He now has to return to the hospital every few weeks to have it shaved.
Poet Rupert Brooke died 100 years ago today at the age of just 27 in April 1915. Letters show he had a string of short-lived relationships with various women before he died. Documents brought to light thanks to grant.
A family-sized trampoline believed to have blown into the sky in the cyclone-strength gusts in NSW was actually a victim of Hurricane Sandy. The crocodile at the bottom of the steps in Lewisham station was merely an imaginative prank, as was a reused Photoshop snap of sharks swimming on a train station escalator. The video of a wave rider surfing was nothing but a hoax.
Mark West, 32, will serve four months in jail and eight years probation for having sex with an 18-year-old student during a prom event in 2012. The girl told police she seduced him by saying she was 'feeling horny' and encouraged him to have sex with her . West, who is married with a child, will not have to register as a sex offender. State law prohibits educators from having sexual relations with students.
Chris Early, who owns a production company in Knoxville, Tennessee, bought a quadcopter to make commercials but he decided he could use it for personal surveillance purposes too. The tech-enthusiast released footage of one of his remote chaperoning sessions showing how he is now able to monitor his daughter.
The case centers on charges that Deutsche Bank derivatives traders manipulated the London InterBank Offered Rate. Deutsche Bank employees defrauded counterparties in emails, telephone calls and electronic chats, the US said. The $2.5 billion fine is a record for interest-rate manipulation.
41 million tonnes of 'e-waste' worth over £34billion were discarded globally in 2014. But only 6 million tonnes was recycled properly, according to a report by United Nations University. Broken televisions, computers, microwaves and refrigerators are being illegally exported to African countries. They are dumped in landfills like Agbogbloshie in Ghana because it is cheaper than recycling them in Europe. Transporting broken or expired electronics to Africa is illegal under the Basel convention. Brokers exploit loophole by fraudulently labelling items as 'reusable' and selling them to locals without testing them in markets .
Disgraced DJ Dave Lee Travis was convicted of indecently assaulting a woman behind the scenes of Mrs Merton Show. The 69-year-old was sentenced to three months' imprisonment, suspended for two years, in September. He was awarded travel and hotel fees for his time on trial at a costs application hearing today. Former radio presenter was cleared of 12 counts of indecent assault.
FEMAIL rounds up the celebrities that have aged terribly. Lindsay Lohan, Johnny Depp, Britney Spears and Kate Moss all show signs of ageing. Macaulay Culkin and Brad Pitt also show signs .
Real-life tomb raiders began their daring plan by renting a restaurant across the road from Guanghui Temple in Zhengdin County, North China. While serving snacks to the public at the front of the building, a team on the inside was digging their way towards the temple's famous Hua Pagoda. Five men were arrested following a tip-off, but three are still on the run.
On April 7, San Antonio police officers issued a fine to Joan Cheever for failing to serve food out of a licensed food truck. Cheever founded The Chow Train non-profit organization in 2005 and has been feeding the homeless from the back of her personal pickup truck for the past decade . She is scheduled to appear in court on June 23 to fight the $2,000 fine .
Brittney Griner, 24, and her fiancee and fellow WNBA player Glory Johnson, both 24, were arrested on suspicion of assault and disorderly conduct on Wednesday afternoon and booked into jail but were later released. Several people at the couple's home tried to stop Griner and Johnson from fighting after an argument turned physical. Johnson's sister ultimately called cops to help break up the fight at their home.
Ruben Blundell's brother was four days overdue when his mother went into labour. Left with no time to get to hospital, the family had to deliver the baby at home. Ruben assisted in the birth by fetching towels.
Michelle Carter, 18, appeared in court in New Bedford, Massachusetts, on Thursday accused of encouraging the death of her friend Conrad Roy III, who gassed himself in his truck last July. Her lawyers are trying to have the case moved out of Bristol County, saying it's 'impossible' for her to receive a fair trial in the area because the District Attorney is the victim's third cousin. Police and prosecutors say the pair exchanged more than 1,000 text messages in the days leading up to his death in the parking lot of a Fairhaven Kmart on July 13, 2014. Carter's parents have insisted their daughter is innocent and had been left overwhelmed by Roy's suicidal talk, but her lawyers say she was actually trying to help him .
South Carolina Republican Rep. Trey Gowdy said he wants Clinton to testify the week of May 18 and again before June 18. The first hearing would focus on Clinton's use of private emails, and the second on the September 2012 attacks that killed four Americans, including the U.S. ambassador to Libya. Clinton has twice testified before Congress on the Benghazi matter, telling lawmakers in 2013 that she takes responsibility for missteps by the State Department in the months leading up to it.
The teenager was left needing urgent medical treatment at Hounsdown School in Southampton, Hampshire. She unwittingly downed the potentially lethal liquid at the specialist science college. The girl avoided serious injury as a result of the quick thinking actions of staff. Investigation was immediately launched into the incident .
The store in Avlaston, Derbyshire, was officially opened at 8am this morning. The company gave away golden tickets to the first 100 people through the door when the ribbon was cut  .
Kate Temple was called a 'homewrecker' by Shelley Williams who accused her of having an affair. The 33-year-old carried out the attack before attempting to buy another drink from the bar. Police found the missing portion of Miss Williams' ear the following day. Temple was jailed for 20 months after admitting inflicting GBH.
Aaron Hernandez, 25, was moved Wednesday to the maximum-security Souza-Baranowski Correctional Center in Shirley, Massachusetts. Hernandez had been at Cedar Junction prison in Walpole since he was convicted April 15 of killing 27-year-old Odin Lloyd in 2013. Lloyd was dating the sister of Hernandez's fiancee. Hernandez's new prison is about ten minues from Fort Devens, where Boston Marathon bomber Dzhokhar Tsarnaev has been held .
Doug Hughes, 61, is 'lucky to be alive' and 'should have been blown out of the air,' Rep. Jason Chaffetz, R-Utah, chairman of the House Oversight committee, said Wednesday. Security tracked Hughes as he approached the Capitol last week after taking off from Gettysburg, Pennsylvania. A 'judgment call' was made not to shoot Hughes down, Chaffetz said. Officials were concerned about injuring people on the ground if an attempt was made to shoot him down. Hughes' stunt was aimed at drawing attention to campaign finance reform.
Robert Downey Jnr stormed out of a TV interview when asked about his history of drug abuse and time in prison. The actor was on good form when the interview with Krishnan Guru-Murthy started - in which, as arranged, he would discuss his experiences on the new blockbuster, which premiered in Britain on Tuesday - but got visibly uncomfortable .
Emily Clark, Morgan Bass, Abbie Deloach, Catherine Pittman, Caitlyn Baggett and Catherine McKay Pittman were killed in a fiery crash early Wednesday morning on their way to school. Fellow students Brittney McDaniel, of Reidsville, and Megan Richards, of Loganville, survived the crash but were hospitalized with injuries. The driver of the tractor-trailer that caused the massive pileup reportedly said he wished he was also killed in the fiery wreck, but it was no consolation to the students' grief-stricken families, friends and classmates who converged on campus .
Attorneys for Brown's parents, Lesley McSpadden and Michael Brown Sr., filed the complaint at the St. Louis County Courthouse on Thursday and called a news conference to announce that the case would bring to light new forensic evidence and raise doubts about the police version of events. The lawsuit is seeking $75,000 in compensation, as well as unspecified punitive damages, and calls for a court order prohibiting the use of police techniques 'that demean, disregard, or underserve its African-American population'   .
Nigerian Muslims on a rubber dinghy carrying around 100 African refugees threw 12 Christians overboard. One of the Muslims ordered him to stop, saying: 'Here, we only pray to Allah' When he refused, a violent fight ensued and 12 Christians drowned. Italian police arrested 15 people suspected of the killing including Ousmane Camar from Ivory Coast.
Jules Bianchi, 25, remains in a coma after a crash at the Japanese Grand Prix in October 2014. The Marussia driver sustained a severe head injury after crashing into a recovery vehicle. His father Philippe Bianchi has spoken of the pain his family have felt every day since the accident .
Bristol City are on the brink of promotion to the Championship after two seasons in League One. Steve Cotterill's side are eight points clear at the top of the table. Steve Lansdown's side face Bradford at Valley Parade on Tuesday in the Championship on Tuesday .
Emmanuel Adebayor has spent a large chunk of the season on the substitutes' bench for Tottenham. The 31-year-old has been linked with a move to Real Madrid or Chelsea this summer. The Togo international has scored just twice in the Premier League for Spurs this season. He has no future at White Hart Lane and is out of contract in 2016.
Juventus beat Monaco 1-0 in the first leg of their Champions League quarter-final first leg on Tuesday night. Arturo Vidal scored from the penalty spot after Ricardo Carvalho tripped Alvaro Morata in the area. The Chile international sent Danijel Subasic the wrong way from the spot in the 57th minute. The second leg will take place at the Stade Louis II in the second leg of the tie next Wednesday .
Chelsea have been buoyed by Jose Mourinho's insistence on promoting young players. Jay Dasilva, Dominic Solanke and Nathaniel Chalobah are among the club's promising youngsters. Ruben Loftus-Cheek will be with the first-team squad at the start of pre-season.
Scott Turner Schofield will become the first transgender man to have a recurring role on a daytime soap opera when he appears on The Bold and the Beautiful in May. He will be playing Nick, a mentor of sorts to the character of Maya Avant, played by Karla Mosley. Avant is struggling with her gender identity in her current storyline on the show. The actor makes his first appearance May 8.
Middlesbrough beat Rotherham United 2-0 in their Championship clash on Saturday. Lee Tomlin opened the scoring with a fine solo effort in the 50th minute. Patrick Bamford doubled the Teesiders' lead on 66 minutes with a cool left-footed finish to take his tally to 16.
Former Real Madrid defender Roberto Carlos has picked his dream team for the Champions League. Carlos won the competition three times in five seasons with Los Blancos, lifting the trophy in 1998, 2000 and 2002. Ronaldinho, Ronaldinho and Luis Figo lead the line in defence .
Fulham will sound out Brentford manager Mark Warburton about taking over at Craven Cottage. Owner Shahid Khan planning to release a budget of £20million to spend on new players. The Championship strugglers are deliberating over the future of Kit Symons .
Douglas Bader was shot down over France in August 1941 and ended up in a German prison camp in Warburg. It was there that he was involved in a mass break-out that pre-dated the Great Escape in 1944. Bader’s life story has already been the subject of the successful film Reach for the Sky starring Kenneth More. This latest look at his exploits is based on a book on the Warburg escape by historian Mark Felton called Zero Night.
Leonie Granger, 25, targeted playboy Mehmet Hassan, 56, after spotting him at a casino in London's West End. Care assistant used her good looks to befriend the poker player, who showered her with gifts, cash and trips to restaurants. But after going back to his flat with him one night she made her excuses and left the door unlocked. Her boyfriend and accomplice tied up the father of three and kicked him to death as they ransacked his home. Judge William Kennedy described the attack as 'pitiless'
Yannick Bolasie scored a hat-trick in Crystal Palace's 4-1 win over Sunderland . Referee Anthony Taylor sprinted past Lee Cattermole to be 10 yards from the winger . Gary Cahill is winning the battle for his place at Chelsea .
Eden Hazard won the PFA Player of the Year award at the Grosvenor Hotel in London. The Belgian has scored 18 goals in all competitions for Chelsea this season. The 24-year-old joined Chelsea from Lille in 2012 and signed a new five-and-a-half-year deal in February .
Barcelona beat Valencia 2-0 at the Nou Camp to move five points clear at the top of La Liga. Lionel Messi and Luis Suarez scored in the first half to put Barcelona 1-0 up. Messi has now scored 400 goals for Barcelona in 471 games. Click here for all the latest Barcelona news .
Brent Council said it was no longer able to afford to pay for a live-in carer to look after Robert Clark. This is despite the fact he had already used £50,000 of his life savings paying for his care. Pensioner's plight prompted armed forces charity Help for Heroes to launch fund-raising campaign. In just four days the total amount of donations has reached £10,000 to help Mr Clark remain in his own home.
Portsmouth have sacked manager Andy Awford following Saturday's 3-1 defeat to Morecambe. The League Two club parted company with Awford at a meeting at the club's Roko training ground. Portsmouth are 14th in League Two.
10,000 organs are transplanted in China every year, yet only a tiny number of people are on the official donor register. This is despite the fact 10,000 people are killed for their organs every year in China. New documentary 'Human Harvest: China’s Organ Trafficking' will show how researchers began to uncover the gory details. It's claimed that political prisoners are being used as live organ donors .
Juan Cuadrado arrived at Chelsea for £23m from Fiorentina but has failed to impress at Stamford Bridge. Wilfried Bony has scored just one Premier League goal for Manchester City this season. Mauro Zarate has struggled on loan at QPR .
Chelsea are nine points clear at the top of the Premier League table with five games to play. Jose Mourinho's side face Arsenal at the Emirates on Sunday in their next game . The Blues are planning a victory parade through the streets of Fulham if they win the title .
Radamel Falcao started for Manchester United against Chelsea at Stamford Bridge . The Colombian forward has been restricted to substitute appearances of late for Louis van Gaal's side . He has yet to score against the top level Premier League teams this season . Eden Hazard opened the scoring for Chelsea with a first-half strike  .
Newcastle have lost seven straight Premier League games under interim manager John Carver. The Magpies were beaten 3-1 by Swansea at St James' Park on Saturday . Mike Ashley has been criticised for his handling of the club's finances . The tracksuit tycoon has bought a plot of land in Chelsea for £200m from John Lewis this month.
Philippe Coutinho spoke to Brazil legend Pele before Liverpool's clash with Manchester United. The 22-year-old described it as the 'ultimate honour' to speak to Pele. Liverpool travel to Wembley to face Aston Villa on Sunday .
Real Madrid drew 0-0 with Atletico Madrid in Champions League first leg on Tuesday night. Jan Oblak was brilliant again as he denied Gareth Bale and James Rodriguez. Raphael Varane impressed again as Real Madrid's centre-back. Gareth Bale failed to have the desired impact for Real Madrid .
Carter and Jack Hanson met World War II veteran Bob Harding, 89, on the retired USS Yorktown aircraft carrier in Charleston, South Carolina. Mr Harding served as an aircraft handler on the warship decades before the twins were born. The three friends had been in contact for about a year via email.
Real Madrid beat Malaga 3-1 at the Bernabeu on Saturday night. Luka Modric picked up a sprained ligament in his right knee in the second half. The Croatian could miss the rest of the season. Gareth Bale faces a race to be fit for Champions League quarter-final.
Cesc Fabregas returned to Emirates Stadium for the first time since leaving for Barcelona in 2011. The Chelsea midfielder was booed as he operated in a deep role alongside Nemanja Matic. Arsenal fans sang: 'Boring Boring Chelsea' when they failed to penetrate. Arsenal drew 0-0 with Chelsea at Emirates Stadium .
Chelsea drew 0-0 with Arsenal at the Emirates on Sunday afternoon. John Terry was at the heart of Chelsea's solid defensive display against the Gunners. Jose Mourinho hails Terry's performance as his best under the manager.
Chelsea are undefeated against the top four this season where Arsenal have lost twice. Terry has never had pace but that is not a problem as he reads the game so well. Manuel Pellegrini's fate will be one of the toughest choices Man City's owners have faced. Leicester are in amazing form with four straight wins  .
Dougie Freedman is set to sign a new two-year deal at Nottingham Forest. Freedman has stabilised Forest since replacing Stuart Pearce in February. Click here for more Nottingham Forest news .
New satellite images reveal China has built an airstrip on disputed territory in the South China Sea. They reveal the country's rapid progress in constructing the runway on the contested Fiery Cross Reef. The Philippines, Vietnam, Malaysia, Brunei and Taiwan all claim the area near the Spratly Islands. China's building activity has infuriated neighbouring countries and the United States whose leadership accused the country of bullying others .
U.S. President Barack Obama said China is 'using its sheer size and muscle to force countries into subordinate positions' But furious Chinese leadership says it is Washington which possesses the greatest military muscle. Comes as satellite images show Chinese vessels dredging sand onto land masses near disputed islands. Area near the Spratly Islands is claimed by many countries in the South China Sea. China claims the work is necessary to safeguard its sovereignty .
Frank Ernest Shepherd, III of Houston, Texas, led police on a high-speed chase after being pulled over for a traffic stop that ended when he slammed into another vehicle. He then got out of the car and reached into his backseat before being shot by police. The 41-year-old father of three who had another baby on the way was unarmed when he was shot by two officers. No weapons were found in his car and it is not known what he was reaching for   .
Historian Stephen Chambers has collected more than 100 rare photographs of the doomed Gallipoli landings. They include poignant images of soldiers from their preparation for the first landings right up until the evacuation. Soldiers are seen being hosed down on the deck of the SS River Clyde, a mule is hoisted on board and a soldier makes the dash.
Eight faculty members at Columbia University have written an op-ed lashing out at Dr Mehmet Oz's 'unsubstantiated medicine... sullies the reputation' of the university. But they also applauded him for his stellar work at the Ivy League school, where he has been a professor of surgery since 2001. The eight staff wrote the piece after 10 doctors urged Columbia to sever all ties with Oz. Those doctors accused him of being a 'charlatan'  .
Linda Thompson, 64, tweeted a message of support for her former husband ahead of his ABC prime time special with Diane Sawyer set to air on Friday night. It's the first public comment the former beauty queen has made about his rumored transition from male to female. She was married to the Olympic gold medalist from 1981 to 1986. Linda had two sons with Bruce - Brandon and Brody - and both have been seen in teaser videos supporting him.
Researchers examined the brains of more than 900 people aged more than 60 and assessed the pollution risk. Exposure to small, sooty particles, mostly caused by traffic fumes and factory emissions, alters the structure of the brain .
Zermatt in the Upper Valais area of Switzerland has imposed the ban after a report from an animal welfare charity. The dogs are being kept in 'miserable conditions' in an unheated condemned building. The town's mayor said the practice will be stamped out by next winter.
Julie Schenecker, 54, was convicted last May of shooting her son Beau, 13, and daughter Calyx, 16, dead in their Tampa Bay, Florida home in January 2011 while her husband was serving in the Middle East. In an exclusive jailhouse interview, she has claimed she pulled the trigger to 'save' her children, despite previously admitting to authorities that she had shot them for being 'mouthy' She claimed her son was being sexually abused - but would not say by whom - and that Calyx had told her she was suffering from mental illness. Police disputed the claims, saying she had admitted to killing the children .
Jordan Brennan, 17, was killed after breaking out into Gangnam Style dancing in his local corner shop. His killer, 16, was jailed for eight months for manslaughter at Manchester Crown Court in March. His mother Kim, 43, says her son was a 'cheeky chappy' and 'lots of fun' who loved dancing and singing. Mother-of-five slams lenient sentence, saying: 'There is no justice at all'
The 2015 World Happiness Report is the third of its kind and is edited by a team of renowned academics and analysts. It measures a country's population by factors contributing to its citizens' contentment, rather than wealth. Britons are happier now than they were two years ago, the study found, but still ranks in at a lowly 21st place. The top 10 on the list is dominated by nations from Scandinavia, particularly those in Scandinavia. Syria, Burundi and Togo are the world's least happy countries.
Business leaders have voiced their fears over the 'disastrous Tory campaign' They believe it has been too focussed on 'personal attacks and scaremongering' on the opposition. One chairman said: 'The negative campaign has been disastrous' and 'fear tactics' could backfire'
Fossicker Ashley Manzie found the medal belonging to Frederick George Biddulph, who served with the 23rd Australian Infantry Battalion at Gallipolli between 1914 and 1915. He posted photos of the medal to an online forum, which led him to Sydney man Stephen Norton. Mr Norton says the medal doesn't belong to Frederick at all, but to his brother Lewis William Biddurph. Frederick never joined the army because he lost two fingers blowing up fish before the war. He died nine years before 'Bunny' in New Zealand. The medal is thought to have belonged to Lewis because he had a slight hearing problem. It was found in Melbourne's Springvale Cemetery. The ANZAC Day Centenary is this weekend in Australia    .
Alexis Douglas was playing at her sister's friend's house in Melbourne in January when she was mauled by a pitbull. The five-year-old needed 50 stitches to her face and still requires treatment for the next three years. Her mother Monique Douglas says she cries every day for her daughter who is unable to play outside by herself. The dog's owner escaped without a conviction for not registering his pitbull  .
Drug firm GlaxoSmithKline has applied for a licence from the European Medicines Agency. RTS,S is the first malaria vaccine to reach advanced trials. Tests carried out on 15,500 toddlers and babies in sub-Saharan Africa in the final stages of testing.
The pledge is contained in a 'home-school agreement' which all children must sign. Infants must also promise to refrain from using homophobic and racist phrases. It is understood teachers introduced the document to help stamp out playground prejudice against transgender people and disabilities.
The horse, Charly, was patrolling Venice Beach with his minders on Tuesday when the vandalism incident occurred. A witness who saw the officer taking a picture of Charly after the incident posted their image to Instagram. The paint was cleaned off Charly later on Tuesday night.
Damon Clay, 17, was left with burns covering 70 per cent of his body after two other teens attacked him with a pot of boiling rice while he was sleeping. He is now in a medically induced coma in critical condition at Grady Memorial Hospital in Atlanta. Officers have arrested Quintavious Barber and Malik Morton for aggravated assault and cruelty.
Anthony Trollope introduced post boxes to the UK in 1852 after seeing them in France. The first boxes were erected in Jersey as a trial before appearing across mainland Britain. There are now 115,300 post boxes.
Around 15 animals ran away from their pen in Schodack in Rensselaer County on Thursday evening and then swam across the Hudson River. They then started running down the Thruway, a series of toll roads which link up the major cities in the state, including Buffalo and New York City, on Friday .
Nicola Sturgeon said she would form anti-Tory alliance with Labour and other smaller parties. SNP could win as many as 50 MPs in Scotland - allowing Ed Miliband to become Prime Minister. Comments came as Labour slipped four points behind Tories in latest polls - with Tories moving to 36%.
On April 16, Molly Parks was found in the bathroom of the pizza restaurant where she worked in Manchester, New Hampshire with a needle still in her arm. Her father, Tom Parks, wrote an obituary openly discussing her struggle with drugs. He pleaded with other families to 'stay right on top' of loved ones with addictions and get help for them .
Michael Hanline, 69, was convicted of murder for the fatal shooting of truck driver JT McGarry in 1980. On Wednesday, a judge dismissed the charges against him and he was released from prison. On the day of his release last November, the moment he ate his first burger after being in prison for decades was captured on video. In a video posted on April 20 by the California Innocence Project, he is seen at the counter of a Carl's Jr asking for a hamburger 'with the bacon on it' .
The 1961 Ferrari 250 GT SWB California Spider is widely regarded by many as the most beautiful convertible ever made. But it is best known for that infamous scene in the 1986 teen comedy starring Matthew Broderick. The car, in classic Ferrari red, was the pride and joy of the father of Ferris Bueller's best friend Cameron. In the movie, the friends take the model out for a spin which results in the convertible smashing into the ravine.
Kiwi jihadi Mark John Taylor posted a video to Youtube urging followers to attack Anzac Day services. The video has since been removed after 3 News alerted authorities. New Zealand Police Commissioner Mike Bush confirmed Taylor was 'known to New Zealand authorities' He said police had conducted a thorough assessment of the troubling video .
Beth O'Rourke, 44, of Paxton, Massachusetts, has spent the past 7 years fighting stage four biliary cancer, and on April 16, the mother of Courtney, 11, and Seamus, 8, lost that fight. In her obituary, she wrote about her life, and how happy she was, even though she was gone. 'I died surrounded by family, in the arms of my husband and 'anam cara', Brendan Patrick O’Rourke,' she wrote, which means soul mate in Gaelic .
Sarah Grimes sued Kristen Saban in 2012 over a fight they had while attending the University of Alabama in 2010. Grimes said she suffered lasting injuries, including a concussion and a broken nose that required surgery. Saban claimed it was Grimes who attacked her first and she was just defending herself. Grimes portrayed Kristen Saban as the aggressor, but a judge in Tuscaloosa cited Alabama's 'stand your ground' law in ruling that Saban only defended herself against Grimes. The one-sentence dismissal motion did not give a reason for the move, but it said each woman should pay her own costs.
Two Up is one of Australia's longest lasting traditions, dating back to the late 1790s. It is now legal to be played on ANZAC Day across Returned Servicemen League clubs (RSL) and pubs. Punting analyst Mike Steward has outlined an approach, known in gambling parlance as the Martingale Betting Strategy, which originated in France.
Jay Brittain, 63, was worried that the baby owls at Small Breeds Farm Park and Owl Centre, Herefordshire, look so similar at birth that he could end up overfeeding them. So he instructed workers at the farm to varnish.
Apple Watch is officially going on sale today - but none of its stores will have them in stock. Instead, consumers will have to pre-order the watches online and wait for their arrival in June.
Rhiannon Langley is recovering from Rhinoplasty at a Bangkok hotel. The 24-year-old is part of the $5,190 'Bangkok Nose Job' medical tourism package. She has been updating her Instagram feed daily, and sharing her progress in a series of Snapchat videos. The hairdresser turned model has almost 200,000 Instagram followers. She says she 'already loves' her new nose .
'The president believes that to deny the existence of climate change is to deny an observable fact that is substantiated by science,' press secretary Josh Earnest said today after he was asked about a Duke study that claimed the earth isn't heating up as quickly as expected. He then added, without any nudging, 'And there are some who are involved in politics that choose to deny that fact because it's inconvenient to their case and it might be inconvenient to some of their strongest political supporters,' he said today  .
Mick Schumacher will make his Formula 4 debut in the ADAC Formula 4 series in Germany this weekend. The 16-year-old will drive under his own name for the first time in his career. He is part of the Van Amersfoort Racing team competing in the 2015 series. Niki Lauda said the public will be watching him 'huge burden'
Lack of natural daylight is thought to be driving up rates of short-sightedness among the young. Chinese scientists have reported a 23 per cent reduction in myopia in children who spend an extra 40 minutes a day in the sunshine. Other studies have shown similar results in Australia.
Mahonia, a traditional herbal treatment for acne, is a number one bestseller in Japan. Neal's Yard Remedies has seen sales of its Mahonia Clear Skin Formula go through the roof online from customers there   .
An Ohio woman and her Catholic husband decided to terminate the pregnancy at 23 weeks after learning that their unborn daughter had a chromosomal defect 'incompatible with life outside the womb' The baby had 69 chromosomes instead of the normal 46. The baby also had a diaphragmatic hernia and severely stunted growth, weighing 8oz when she should have weighed 8oz
More than 50 per cent of Australians want to work for Richard Branson's Virgin airlines. The Department of Immigration ranked third in the survey of Australia's Most Attractive Employer awards. The ABC came in second and the Department of Defence came in at number 10 . The Randstad Awards were released on Thursday .
Alison, 43, from Gloucestershire, had a breast augmentation operation six years ago. She was left with a deformed breast that 'looked like a croissant' following an infection. The retail worker has now had a 13th operation on her breasts as part of Extreme Beauty Disasters.
Shaun Smith, 25, and Jason Collins, 22, attacked two men after a night of heavy drinking in North Yorkshire . The pair were expected to be jailed for the 'deeply unpleasant and inexcusable' assault . But a judge at Teesside Crown Court made an 'extraordinary' decision to let the men walk free . Smith was given a 12-month suspended jail sentence suspended, while Collins received a 12 month community order . Judge James Hill, QC, said he had decided to show mercy after hearing glowing tributes  .
One-year-old Sarina Aziz became agitated on a flight from Israel to Luton. She became agitated after cabin crew asked that she sit on her parents' lap . The family were removed from the plane and met by police at Ben Gurion Airport. Transavia Airlines said the action was justified .
Richard Wilkins, 60, made the pilgrimage to Gallipoli on the eve of the centenary commemorations. His grandfather, George William Thomson, a qualified dentist, served in the New Zealand medical corps. He toiled for many hours on end as part of the medical corps to mend broken bodies. Richard Wilkins told Daily Mail Australia of his immense pride at the role his grandfather played .
Rachael Bishop, 19, was working an afternoon shift at the ice cream chain's Lynnwood, Washington store when a man wearing a baseball cap and sunglasses came in, unzipped his jacket and showed her he had a gun. She tried to plead with the man when he ordered her to hand over all the money in the cash register, but when that didn't work she started punching him in the head multiple times .
Heida Reed, 27, stars as Poldark's former lover Elizabeth in the period drama. She said Turner, 31, was being 'objectified' in a way that would not be tolerated if he were female. Comments follow overwhelming interest in his physique from fans.
Posters promoting a 'straight pride' week at Youngstown State University were removed this week after student leaders said they went 'way further than a free speech issue' They encouraged students to 'go about your day without telling everyone about how 'different' you are' and included profanity .
Andrea McVeigh, 44, was knocked down by a cyclist who was riding on the pavement in Bermondsey, south London. She suffered two three-inch gashes to the middle of her forehead and facial and hand injuries. Met Police have issued CCTV footage of a cyclist they want to speak to.
The worrying trend started sweeping social media over the weekend, encouraging teens to blow their lips up to epic proportions using bottles or shot glasses to mirror Kylie Jenner's often voluptuous looking pout. Footage posted by Elihudi Justin Urassa, from Brighton, has been watched millions.
Nigel Farage says he gets an 'unbelievably' positive welcome when he meets black people. But he says claims the party is racist have stopped many supporters from backing him publicly. He said the idea that Ukip is racist is based on 'no evidence whatsoever' .
'Yes, we will be all watching as a family tonight,' the 34-year-old beauty told E! when stopping by Variety's 2015 Power Of Women luncheon in New York City on Friday. TMZ claimed that Bruce, 65, would be watching the special twice. He will be watching both an east coast and west coast feed, a source said.
Deputy police commissioner Kevin Davis said Friday that Freddie Gray should have received medical attention at the spot where he was arrested - before he was put inside a police van. Baltimore police commissioner Anthony Batts ruled out the possibility of his resignation on Friday. Six officers have been suspended with pay as police and federal authorities investigate. Gray died on April 19 after he 'had his spine 80 per cent severed at his neck'
The Bolshevik leader's remains were embalmed on Stalin's orders when he died aged 53 in 1924. His body is on public display in a mausoleum on Moscow's Red Square more than two decades after the break-up of the former USSR. His skin is studied each week using precision instruments to measure moisture and contour.
Artist Frank McKeever from Florida created these amazing posters. They show how we could colonise various worlds in the solar system. Included are humans skiing on a moon of Uranus and living in cities on Mars. Others show life on Europa and near Saturn - and a destroyed Earth. And he hopes the posters encourage us to expand our presence into the solarsystem. This is especially as our planet is vulnerable to cosmic disasters - and is prone to asteroids .
Between 2004 and 2013, the number of passenger vehicle drivers aged 16 to 19 involved in U.S. fatal crashes decreased from 5,724 to 2,568. New safety features in cars and graduate license restrictions are top reasons.
Timothy Crook is alleged to have murdered his parents Bob, 90, and Elsie, 83, and then driven their bodies 150 miles. But the grey Nissan Micra he is accused of using to transport the bodies has been lost, Bristol Crown Court was told.
The fort was found on top of the Dunnicaer sea stack close to Stonehaven, Aberdeenshire. Archaeologists believe the stronghold may have been one of a number that lined the east coast of Scotland. The fort was built with stone imported from elsewhere.
Soil underneath a slide at the park showed radiation readings of up to 480 microsieverts per hour. This is nearly half the recommended annual limit of exposure for a person. Authorities believe radiation could be coming from underground.
Jeni's Splendid Ice Creams of Ohio announced on Thursday that it has initiated a voluntary recall of all of its ice creams, frozen yogurts, sorbets and ice cream sandwiches. The company is ceasing all sales and closing all scoop shops until all products are 'ensured to be 100 per cent safe' The action follows a similar recall by Texas-based Blue Bell Creameries on Monday after listeria was found .
Shaker Aamer is expected to be freed in June, according to US government sources . The 48-year-old has been held at Guantanamo Bay without charge or trial for more than 13 years. He is the longest-serving UK resident in the notorious prison camp in Cuba . Campaigners say his detention is an 'affront to civilised values'
Christopher Wheeler, 54, had more than 2,000 images and videos of boys engaging in sex acts with men. One showed a naked boy with his head being held by an adult male while performing a sex act. He was fired from the exclusive Tower Hill School in Delaware in October 2013 after police raided his mansion. Investigation stemmed from allegations he had sexually abused his adopted son, aspiring professional golfer Nikolai, and two other teenagers .
Rose McGrath of battle Creek, Michigan has been kicked out of St. Joseph's Middle School for poor attendance and poor academic performance. She was diagnosed with lymphoblastic leukemia in 2012 and though she is done with her treatment she still feels ill and has trouble attending her classes and finishing her schoolwork. Her parents have filed a complaint with the Office of Civil Rights  .
Charlene Wall Jeffs, 58, is the legal wife of Lyle Jeffs - brother of polygamous sect leader Warren Jeffs. She has been married to him for 31 years and has 10 children with him. Mrs Jeffs claims she was excommunicated in September 2014 and is now fighting to have her two youngest children, who still live with him, returned to her. She says the church has become 'even more disturbing than it was under Warren' . She claims to have been forced to leave the compound last year for being 'unrighteous'
The baby is due on November 1, which is also the date of Ben and Jessa's first wedding anniversary. The couple announced the news of their pregnancy in a video for TLC.com, which featured them both making health smoothies. Jessa and Ben are well-known for their health-conscious lifestyle.
The 65-year-old told Diane Sawyer he started having hormone therapy and plastic surgery in the mid-1980s to make himself look more feminine. He stopped the process after meeting Kris Kardashian in late 1990 and stopped hormone injections and breast reduction surgery. The couple married in 1991 and have two children together - Kendall, now 19, and Kylie, 17 - before divorcing in December last year. The two-hour special airs tonight on ABC.
Paul Gregory, 51, claimed exercise left him breathless, despite being a keen walker and mountaineering club member. He was exposed when Bedford Borough Council staff read an article about his exploits on a 191-mile hike. He pleaded guilty to two counts of dishonestly obtaining a blue badge by misrepresenting his physical abilities .
Airport could be rebranded 'Shakespeare's Airport' in the U.S. to attract more tourists from China. But there are concerns that not enough Americans will know who the playwright is. Similar rebranding in China has attracted thousands of tourists .
Emma Louise Connolly models Ann Summers' first bridal wear lingerie collection. Priced between £14 and £85, it includes a curve-skimming dress and silk and lace sets. Items are available in sizes 8-12 and 32A-38DD.
Sonia Sharrock watched in horror as her stud farm in Woodberry, in Maitland in the Hunter Region of New South Wales, rapidly flooded. Her brother-in-law Steve Spowart dived down into the freezing cold water to cut the barbed wire and free the horses that had become tangled in fences amidst the floods.
The suspects, all of Somali descent, were detained after months of being monitored by the government agency through one of their former allies. On Thursday, there were audible gasps in the court room as a government official revealed the informant, who once planned to travel to Syria himself, has been paid at least $13,000 for providing tip-offs. The suspects' families screamed from the packed public gallery as their lawyers questioned the reliability of the mole .
Dubai-based artist Martin Beck has produced the series of gritty portraits laced with melancholy humour. His subjects look like they can't get over the fact they've had to retire, or like they never quite passed at superhero school   .
The man allegedly robbed the Taylors Hill store last month wearing a blonde curly wig, red lipstick, a mauve skirt and wide brimmed hat. He allegedly confronted a female cashier with what appeared to be a homemade machine gun. A 23-year-old man was arrested on Thursday and charged with armed robbery .
Sofia Abramovich, 18, is the daughter of Russian billionaire Roman Abramovich. She is the middle child of Chelsea FC owner Abramovich's five offspring with second wife Irina. Sofia revealed she had been bullied by users of the site about her appearance and weight.
Anzac Day fell on a Saturday this year, meaning all states but WA will miss out on a public holiday. The agreement was designed to provide uniformity of public holidays across the nation. If Easter, Christmas, Australia Day, the Queen's Birthday or Labour Day fall on a weekend, a holiday is granted on a weekday. Western Australia and some public servants in Canberra have decided to go it alone .
The Narrabeen property began sliding down the hill it was built on after it was battered by the wild weather on Tuesday. A group of highly trained firefighters, police and engineers undertook the difficult task. A cherry picker was brought in to harness the house's weight, and pressurised fire hoses pushed it further down. The demolition methods were slightly unusual  .
UN High Commissioner for Human Rights Zeid Ra'ad Al Husein said Katie Hopkins used language similar to that of Rwandan media in 1994 genocide. He said article was reflective of a 'nasty underbelly of racism' characterising migration debate. This was also 'sapping compassion for people fleeing conflict, human rights violations and economic deprivation'
The Duchess of Cambridge is due to give birth to her second child any day now. She was applauded for her natural approach to her post-birth figure when she had Prince George in 2013. Experts agree that carefully easing the body back into exercise is the best method. Camilla Lawrence, women's health physiotherapist, tells MailOnline how to get your body back to its pre-pregnancy shape.
20-year-old woman was driving on the I-25 in Weld County, north of Denver, when her window shattered and she felt bleeding from both sides of her neck. She was taken to hospital where surgeons found she had been shot clean through neck.
Long before mobile phones came along, shy love-seekers had to resort to other tactics. In the case of late 19th-century America, it was the 'escort card' Not to be confused with the explicit sort you might imagine today - but rather a comical printed card.
North Korea may already have 20 nuclear warheads - double as many as previously thought. The pariah state may also have the capability to produce enough weapons-grade uranium to double arsenal. Chinese estimates of Pyongyang's nuclear production exceed most previous US forecasts of 10 bombs.
Burglars broke into home in Hatfield Peverel, Essex, flooded kitchen, dumped TV in bath and slashed sofas and chairs. They stole jewellery including a wedding ring and watches, a computer, laptop and tablet from house.
Sea Bright fire chief volunteer Chad Murphy wore a camera on his now-charred helmet as he stepped into the furnace in Rumson on Monday. Footage shows him entering the burning building and carefully navigating the smoke-filled interiors. Several other firemen then enter the scene and Murphy moves with them upstairs. Wearing smoke masks, they step through crumbling walls and flooded passageways. In order to hear each other, they shout loudly to one another .
Detective Sergeant Stephen Phillips, 46, and constables Christopher Evans, 37, and Michael Stokes, 34, are all facing charges of 'theft by a serving police officer' . The three officers from South Wales Police were all arrested as a result of an investigation being carried out by the force's standards.
Louise Henderson Alakil, 49, moved to the Middle Eastern country 27 years ago and worked as a teacher. She is hiding in a shelter below her family home on the outskirts of Sanaa with her youngest children. Miriam, 11, and Ayesha, nine, are living in fear amid heavy shelling and bombs falling all around them. Britons have been advised to book commercial flights out the country, but Mrs Henderson and her children's passports have expired  .
Aberash Bekele, 32, is angry at the filmmakers for using her story without her knowledge or consent. She was abducted so she could be pushed into a forced marriage. She escaped but was put on trial for killing one of her abductors. Miss Jolie helped produce the film Difret.
Headteacher Linda Shute has banned children from drinking tea, coffee, fruit juice and soft drinks at Rowdown Primary School. She says it is to protect the long-term health of pupils at the school in New Addington, south London, but parents are furious .
The Jamaican sprinter said he has had to lay off his beloved fast food and eat vegetables instead. He said his chef chases him around the house to check he is eating his greens. The 28-year-old said that he needs to be 'perfect in training' and 'eating right is a part of training' He also said Tyson Gay should have been given longer ban.
A supervolcano in Yellowstone National Park releases around 45,000 metric tonnes of carbon dioxide each day. But a magma chamber beneath the surface is not considered large enough to produce these levels. Now researchers have found the source in a secondary magma chambers deeper underground. It's so large its partly-molten rock could fill the Grand Canyon 11 times over. It sits 12 to 28 miles (19 to 45km) beneath the supervol volcano and measures 11,035 cubic miles (46,000 km)
Kate DeAraugo spoke to Kyle Sandliands and Jackie O about her drug-taking past. The 29-year-old singer underwent gastric sleeve surgery in May 2012 to help her lose a staggering 68kg.
Landmark Developments Ltd tore down a derelict property in Bath city centre and replaced it with 14 flats. But residents complained the development was three feet higher and four feet wider than approved. Bath and North East Somerset Council says the developer has committed a 'breach of planning control' .
Dr Warren Weinstein, 73, was killed alongside Giovanni Lo Porto during an anti-terrorist strike in January. It has now been claimed his family gave money to his kidnappers two years before his death. They are said to have demanded the release of prominent Afghan prisoners, including Dr Aafia Siddiqui. His wife Elaine has already slammed the US government's response to his abduction  .
Risk for cigar smokers of dying from oral, oesophageal or lung cancer is at least as bad as for cigarettes. Cigar use is on the rise in the US, where the study was carried out, and cigarette smoking declines.
Kyle Toth built the seesaw from trees behind his workshop in Temecula, California. It measures 45ft in length and sends its occupiers into the air at a height of around 25ft. There is no seat attached.
David Marshall stabbed Eni Mevish in the heart, lungs and liver six months after they met. The 68-year-old was 'jealous' of her friendships with other students, Stafford Crown Court heard. He was on licence at the time of the attack for sexually assaulting a 14- year-old girl . Marshall must serve a minimum of 20 years behind bars .
Navinder Singh Sarao accused of making £26million by 'spoofing' the stock market from parents' home. His family's semi-detached house in west London is closer to internet server used by major financial exchanges. His thousands of high-frequency trades could be processed faster than those from dealers in Central London. He was dubbed the 'Hound of Hounslow' after it emerged he lived at home with his parents, despite allegedly making £ 26.7million. Former colleague: 'He was a super human trader - we were in awe of his ability to make money' .
Bill Parker, 34, of Gulfport was mowing his lawn on April 19 when the rusty metal wire entered his left nostril and was lodged in his sinus cavity. Dr Timothy Haffey, who removed the wire, said that it miraculously dodged all of Parker's important nerves and arteries. Parker is now taking antibiotics to prevent infection .
The 34-year-old Victoria's Secret Angel shows off her Latino style and golden tan in new campaign for Dafiti. The mother-of-two, who is No. 8 on the Forbes list of top-earning models  .
Kim used to pick holidays close to home, in the sun, on a beach and with her family. But as her fame has rocketed, Kim's travel tastes have likewise changed. We take a trip down memory lane.
Super speakers showed less activity in a key area of the brain involved in articulating and comprehending speech. This suggests they were putting less effort into the basic mechanics of speech. Neuroscientists believe this may explain why some people dry up completely when asked to speak.
Apple Watch is officially going on sale today - but none of its stores will have them in stock. Consumers will have to pre-order the watches online and wait for their arrival until June. Usually, Apple launches generate long lines.
Richard Hammond has ruled out returning to Top Gear, becoming the final presenter to leave the motoring show. Hammond took to Twitter to announce he would not be returning to the hugely-popular series. Announcement came as show's former executive producer Andy Wilman launched scathing attack on 'meddling' BBC. Yesterday, Mr Wilman sensationally quit the Corporation - fuelling speculation team is gearing up to launch rival show. The men were also seen holding talks at Clarkson's west London home, in first public appearance.
Samantha Crossland, 30, was pocketing parents' fees being paid to the Child's Play day nursery. She had been told she faced a custodial sentence unless the money was paid back. Nursery owner Lynda Quigley confirmed that £22,642 had been paid into her bank account. Crossland was sentenced to a 12-month community order .
Atlantis, The Palm's underwater suites boast floor-to-ceiling views directly into an aquarium from the master bedrooms and bathrooms. Each suite is three storeys high with a 1,776 square foot floor plan that includes a large living and dining room. Perks include soap with 24-carat gold flakes and 24-hour private butler service.
Study by Consumer Reports in the US found 60 per cent of prawns tested had traces of harmful bacteria. They found traces of E.coli, MRSA, salmonella and vibrio - a major cause of food poisoning. Majority of shrimp sold in the UK come from farms in India, Indonesia and Thailand. Experts advise wild shrimp, which were also tested, appear to be worth the higher prices .
A heated exchange between Royals starter Yordano Ventura and White Sox outfielder Adam Eaton sparked the brawl. Ventura, along with fellow teammates Lorenzo Cain and Edinson Volquez, was sent off along with Chicago's Chris Sale.
SkyWest Airlines flight 5622 was flying from Chicago to Connecticut when the pilot was alerted to a potential loss of cabin pressure. Pilot plunged the aircraft into a terrifying dive to drop 30,000 feet in just eight minutes - before landing in Buffalo, New York. Three passengers lost consciousness and others began to feel dizzy and sick. Investigation has found nothing unusual about the mechanics of the Embraer 175 twin-jet.
Imran Uddin, 25, used a keyboard spying device to hack into University of Birmingham computers. He then changed his exam marks on five pieces of coursework to get a better grade. He was jailed for four months after admitting six breaches to the Computer Misuse Act. Judge James Burbridge said his actions were planned and persistent.
Conrad Clitheroe, 54, Gary Cooper, 45, and Neil Munro were arrested at Fujairah Airport on February 21. They were stopped by police for writing down aircraft registration numbers at the airport . The men were taken to a police station and, despite being told they would not be detained, were put into prison. They spent two months in prison and were finally told this week they could return home after charges of espionage were dropped  .
Brian Bayers thought his son Jackson was playing inside but when he got out of his truck he noticed that the back door of his house was wide open. Jackson was hit by the front wheels of the vehicle backing up and when the front tires back around, he essentially walked right into the side of the car and was crushed by the vehicle  .
Service provides twice-daily summary 'of the best tweets for you, delivered via rich push notification' Highlights is being rolled out first in English for people using Android-powered devices, which can be activated in settings.
Sirloin, topside and fillet are best saved for the roasting pan, chuck flank, rib-eye and skirt on the grill and when stewing go for brisket, shoulder and ribs. Research by Asda has found that rump, fillet and T-Bone are the most popular cuts of meat.
Aussie the dog saved his owners Kai, seven, and Sophie, 10, from being electrocuted in a puddle. The family were walking near their home at Caves Beach, near Lake Macquarie, when he was killed suddenly. Their grandmother said the children were traumatised .
RTVE axed plans for reality show which would have pitted celebrities against each other to outrun bulls in Pamplona. The corporation caved in after town's authorities said they would refuse to cooperate with programme. Fifteen people have died since records began in 1924.
Australian researchers have tested their drone running companion. Called Joggobot it is designed to float in front of jogger when they run. The technology could allow it to track the speed and direction of the runner. And it could be used for other sports like cycling and rowing. The research, by the Royal Melbourne Institute of Technology in Australia, was presented at the Computer-Human Interaction Conference in Seoul. There's no news yet.
Thomas Hoey Jr., 43, was sentenced Wednesday to 12.5 years in prison for conspiracy to distribute cocaine, conspiracy to suborn perjury and obstruction of justice. Kimberly Calo, 41, died from a lethal mix of cocaine and alcohol at a Manhattan hotel party in January 2009. HOEy, who ran a lucrative banana importing business on Long Island, ignored Calo's seizures after feeding her cocaine at the ritzy Kitano Hotel. He also prevented hotel security from coming into the room as Calo foamed at the mouth, bled from the nose, turned blue and died. Judge Kevin Castel called him a 'self-absorbed, self-pitying, selfish man'
Morgan Geyser, 12, and her friend Anissa Weier, 13, are being tried as adults for attempted first-degree intentional homicide in the attack on Payton Leutner, who survived 19 stab wounds in May 2014. The girls plotted for months before they lured Payton, their former friend, into some woods after a sleepover in Waukesha and attacked her. They told investigators they hoped it would please Slender Man, a fictional online ghoul they had read about in horror stories. A judge denied a request Friday to move Morgan's $500,000 bail so that she could get out of jail and seek treatment for schizophrenia and other psychotic disorders in a mental hospital .
Freddie Gray, 25, was arrested on April 12 in Baltimore and died a week later from a severe spinal injury that may have been caused when he was shackled and driven to the police station in a paddy wagon without being strapped into a seatbelt. Unbelted detainees have been paralyzed and even killed by rough rides in what used to be called 'paddy wagons' It even has a name: 'nickel rides,' referring to cheap amusement park thrills. Police brutality against prisoners being transported was addressed just six months ago in a plan released by Baltimore officials to reduce this misconduct .
Gary Goldsmith's beloved chihuahua Cheech was run over and 'left for dead' in Regents Park yesterday. He posted a picture of the alleged culprit on Twitter with the message: 'Evil s***… Coming to get ya'  .
Robert Bates, 73, has been charged with second-degree manslaughter in the death of Eric Harris, 44, in Tulsa, Oklahoma, on April 2. A memo from an internal police inquiry which surfaced earlier this week revealed colleagues expressed concerns about Bates when he arrived at the Tulsa Sheriff's Office. Documents suggested the department also violated training policies when they employed Bates . District Attorney Steve Kunzweiler has begun contacting outside law enforcement agencies for further investigation .
The N-222 road from Peso de Regua to Pinhao in Portugal has been named the best road in the world. The A591 from Kendal to Keswick in the Lake District was named Britain's best road by Avis.
WARNING: GRAPHIC CONTENT. Pictures show Veronica Bolina lying partially naked in front of officers and other prisoners in Sao Paulo, Brazil. The 25-year-old had previously been arrested over an alleged attack on her 73- year-old neighbour. An investigation is now underway amid reports she was set upon by officers on three different occasions .
Aaron Bee was wanted by Lincolnshire Police over an alleged domestic violence and assault. The 22-year-old fled his home after breaking a non-molestation order against his former girlfriend . He went on the run for two weeks before being arrested in a cafe in November last year. He was jailed for eight months but has now been released after spending less than five months behind bars since his arrest  .
With no cell phone reception to call for help, owner Tom George had to leave his dog Shelby stuck in a pool by the Great Salt Lake's Spiral Jetty and drive an hour out to the nearest town. But, lucky for George, a family was willing to stay with Shelby - and only more and more strangers followed as they heard his story. Shelby has since recovered and his coat is growing back.
Mohamad Saeed Kodaimati faced two counts of making false. statements involving international terrorism matters in US District Court of the Southern District of California. Saeed, 24, was born in Syria and became a naturalized American citizen in 2008 at age 17. He was arrested Wednesday in Rancho Bernardo, located in. the northern part of San Diego. The criminal complaint said Saeed falsely claimed he had not. been involved in any fighting, had never fired his weapon at. anyone and did not know any Islamic State members.
Nicholas Salvador, 25, is accused of killing Palmira Silva, 82, with a machete last year. She was found dead in her garden in Edmonton, north London, in September 2014. The widow ran a successful cafe, Silva's Cafe, where members of the public laid floral tributes after her murder.
Mary Todd Lowrance, 49, a teacher at Moises E Molina High School, turned herself into Dallas Independent School District police on Thursday morning. Police Chief Craig Miller said the teacher had been in a relationship with the student for a couple of months. Officers learned of the alleged relationship after Lowrance disclosed details to a coworker who then alerted a Dallas ISD officer .
2,700 tourists were evacuated from Liberty Island Friday afternoon after a bomb threat was made against the landmark. Police sniffer dogs found a suspicious locker on the island, but found nothing explosive. The island was deemed safe again around 4:30pm, officials said .
Villagers in remote village in Jharkhand state tie themselves upside down onto a wooden pole that hand hangs just feet above a raging fire. Seconds later they throw themselves into the flames while a Hindu priest uses oil to stoke the blaze. Locals believe the unusual practice helps protect the village from drought.
One hundred years on, these war widows are visiting the battlefields in Gallipoli for the first time. They will be the guests of honour at the dawn service on Saturday. Many of them were much younger than their returned servicemen husbands when they fought. They have a deeper understanding of the sacrifice and hardship of war than their husbands  .
Thousands of voters have suggested landmarks across the city in Devon to fill the more expensive slots. But no one has come forward with ideas for which streets should fill the brown sections of the board, which cost $60 in Monopoly money   .
Joel Edgerton's great grand-uncles were on the battlefield in Gallipoli 100 years ago. Simon Phillip Comerford and Laurence William Comersford both served in the same unit as transport drivers of the 18th Battalion in the 5th Brigade. The records belonging to relatives of the Great Gatsby star are among the 12 million WWI historical documents available in Australia. Ancestry.com has uncovered the records.
Sprinkles the 33-pound cat is so fat she can't even roll over and she's comparatively as obese as a 700-pound human, say rescue workers. The neglected cat from Sea Isle City in New Jersey was handed over to the rescue agency S.O.S Sea Isle Cats by a family facing a foreclosure on their home. Luckily for Sprinkles who is too fat to even groom herself, she is being cared for by pet rescue volunteer Stacy Jones Olandt. She will hopefully lose a pound a month after being placed on diet.
On 25 April 1915, Allied troops landed at Anzac Cove to commence the disastrous Dardanelles Campaign. Gallipoli is a patchwork of monuments and memorial stones linked by country lanes, mountain tracks and undulating greenery. Thousands have gathered to honour the fallen at one of biggest commemorations.
Barry Lyttle, 33, has been given a 13-month suspended jail sentence after pleading guilty to causing grievous bodily harm to his brother Patrick. Patrick, 31, spent six days in a coma after he was allegedly struck by his brother in Kings Cross, Sydney. Magistrate Graeme Curran said Barry was of good character, remorseful and unlikely to re-offend. Patrick said he had made a 'fantastic recovery'
Mary Cartwright was 20 when she was called up to work at Drakelow Shadow Factory in Kidderminster, Worcestershire. She spent two years testing metal for Bristol aircraft engines in the site's underground laboratory . The 91-year-old great-grandmother has now revisited the site 70 years after leaving her position . Built in 1943, the factory employed 700 people during the war.
Abu Hafs al-Badri is claimed to be the cousin of ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Bagdadhi. He was released recently alongside fellow teenage suicide bomber Abu Yaqoub al-Iraqi. The teenage duo carried out joint suicide missions in ISIS's latest offensive on the Baiji oil refinery in Salahuddin province, Iraq. Both boys appear to be older than 16 years old.
Ariana Mason, 21, claims she was also choked by the man when he put her in a 'stranglehold' at a Las Vegas hotel. She said: 'What happened to me was wrong and I don't want it to happen to anybody else' Lawyer Brent Bryson said she needed 26 stitches to her face.
Kevin Bowes, 53, lost several teeth and had nine 'avoidable' dental procedures at the hands of Dr Nicholas Crees. The semi-retired teacher at a specialist children's unit said his life had been changed forever. He will need years of remedial treatment to fix the extensive decay.
Surveillance video shows a Sound Transit Link light rail carriage going along a straight trackway in South Seattle. All of a sudden a white sedan veers left into its path. The car gets rapidly rammed back until the train eventually reaches a standstill as a street light gets flying.
Efan James was found lying face down and unresponsive the morning after his mother took him to bed. Coroner Mark Layton said current advice on 'co-sleeping' is 'confusing' He said it is not wrong to share a bed with a baby if you are not 'excessively tired' But he said parents should refrain from doing so if they are 'very tired' Coroner recorded an open conclusion and said death could not be explained on pathological grounds.
Khalid Rashad, 61, remanded in custody after appearing at Camberwell Magistrates Court today. He was charged with possession of an explosive substance for an unlawful purpose and ammunition. The charges were brought by officers investigating death of Abdul Hadi Arwani, 48, an outspoken critic of the Assad regime.
More than a dozen people were injured on Thursday night after a stage collapsed during a performance of the musical American Pie at Westfield High School in Indiana. One of the victims suffered critical head trauma as the stage fell half-way through a song during a sold-out showing of the show. The calamity occurred at the worst possible time - just as dozens walked on stage for the finale  .
The Trussell Trust asks for the 'donation' from churches and community groups which open new foodbanks. Money is needed to pay for staff, branding materials, PR advice and relationships with supermarkets such as Tesco.
Bobby Burnett forced Samantha Chudley to stop wearing make-up because he wanted to make her less attractive to other men. Forced her to hand over passwords of her e-mail and social media accounts so he could monitor them. 30-year-old installed tracker app on her smartphone and brutally attacked her.
Twenty-year-old Sharista Giles of Sweetwater, Tennessee, went into a coma in December after a car accident. She was five months pregnant when she fell into the coma and doctors said she had a two-per cent chance of recovery. She opened her eyes earlier this month. Her mother, Anna Moser, believes her daughter hears her every day.
From villages under boulders in Portugal, to floating villages in Peru, these dwellings are hidden away from the rest of the world. The secluded settlements are often cut off from the surrounding areas, but are each set in their own natural paradises . Scroll down for more pictures .
Presenter Charlie Stayt missed out the letter 'c' when he scrawled the word on a whiteboard in Southampton, Hampshire. Viewers took to Twitter to complain after the gaffe during a live report on the issue. He later described it as 'one of those things'
Volcano Calbuco, in southern Chile, erupted on Wednesday causing a thick plume of ash to cloud the sky. Hundreds filmed the eruption, near the southern port city of Puerto Montt, and its deadly ash cloud. But one amateur cameraman was surprised to see what appeared to be white lights hovering perilously close to the eruption. The pictures have since gone viral with internet users speculating what they are.
Kay Bennett, 33, from Swindon, says the tattoos have turned her into a jobless recluse. She says she has applied for 40 jobs in the last year but no one will employ her because of the inkings. She wants a well-wisher to pay for laser removal and will have to stay on benefits until then. The tattoos have left her embarrassed and as a result, she suffers from depression  .
The Washington couple's three-year-old son had complained of someone talking to him at night. They heard a strange man's voice say: 'Wake up little boy, daddy's looking for you' They believe the stranger has also got into the camera on the device .
Kristy Peckham is the ex-partner of disgraced Queensland politician Billy Gordon. She has finally spoken out about the years of abuse she suffered. The mother of his two children has been in hiding for three months. She says she was essentially held hostage and forced to live in fear. The Queensland government was plunged into crisis after when details of the Cook MP's criminal past was revealed  .
Dr Giorgi-Guarnieri testified on Friday during court hearings in Washington, D.C. that will ultimately determine whether and under which conditions John Hinckley Jr. will be allowed to live full time outside a mental hospital. One of his interests is music, and he sings and plays the guitar. He also participates in music therapy . Prosecutors want him prohibited from setting up social media accounts on sites such as Facebook and LinkedIn, at least partly partly because he has been diagnosed with a narcissistic personality disorder .
German language teacher suspended from Auguste Remoir college in Limoges, west-central France. Said she hoped 'German tanks come to Renoir to subdue unruly pupils' She has since denied any wrong doing.
Nasa scientists in California have revealed a distant image of Curiosity on the surface of Mars. It was taken by the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter from 187 miles up. One interesting aspect is that the rover's tracks cannot be seen. This may be due to Martian weather or they blend in with the surface. Curiosity is parked over dark sand in a valley with light-toned outcrops of rock in Gale Crater in the image .
Wat Pha Luang Ta Bua in Thailand's western Kanchanaburi province - commonly known as 'The Tiger Temple' - has long proved a hit among tourists who flock there to visit the monks. Thai wildlife officials began a headcount on Friday after allegations from a temple vet earlier this week that three disappeared.
Peking opera singer Liu Guijuan posted pictures of her headdress on Weibo, China's equivalent of Twitter. It was made from the feathers of no less than 80 kingfishers, which are protected species in China. Web users and conservationists quickly criticised her indifference towards animal welfare.
Edda Goering has always refrained from criticising her father for his part in the mass extermination of Jews. She tried back in the sixties to have a painting looted by her father and presented to her at birth returned to her. The exact sum she was seeking was not disclosed but the petition was refused.
Brooke Shedd, 26, and Jane Shalakhova, 25, say they do not 'share' Adam but are in a 'unique' situation. They say they are as much in love with each other as they are with him. Trio appeared on today's This Morning with Adam.
Michael Gridley, 26, was jailed for a year after orchestrating scam to steal £15,000 of goods from Asda. Stock including alcohol, cigarettes, DVDs, computer games and consoles were taken from store in Basildon, Essex. But Gridley managed to land a managerial role at Lidl after he was sacked from the store.
Linda and George Hunter raised their four children in their home in Garrick Street, Wavertree, Liverpool. The couple became mortgage free around 15 years ago after paying off their mortgage. But eight years ago, the street became part of a regeneration scheme and the council bought properties. Estate agents say the couple would now struggle to sell their home for much more than £1 as other houses sold off.
Reverend Creflo Dollar, 53, launched an appeal last month for 200,000 people to each donate '$300 or more' so that he could purchase a $65million Gulfstream G650 to replace his damaged aircraft. The wealthy televangelist, who is known to own two Rolls Royces and multi-million dollar homes, came under heavy criticism for the appeal but has insisted he needs the plane for preaching work. He is the head of the World Changers Church International, a Christian ministry centered around the prosperity gospel, which preaches that God wants to bless the faithful with earthly riches and spread the Gospel of grace.
A teenage driver who held her license for one day crashed into a brick wall on Thursday night. The 17-year-old driver was travelling with four other passengers on the Central Coast of NSW. The group of five were travelling in a white Mitsubishi Lancer before it collided into a wheelie bin .
Tensions have remained high at the Sugar Pine Mine near Medford after facility was served with a federal stop-work order last month. Owners summoned armed guards from the conservative Oath Keepers activist network ahead of a major protest outside local offices of the Bureau of Land Management yesterday. Miners and supporters, some flocking from other states, gathered on Thursday at Oregon BLM offices, according to activists .
Both William and Kate have been seen out on shopping trips this week. Kate recycled a bright pink coat by British brand Mulberry, which is now all sold out.
Daniel Morcombe's killer Brett Peter Cowan could get out of prison early due to a 'smiley face' email. Cowan's lawyers will file an application to have Chief Justice Tim Carmody disqualified from hearing his appeal. They will cite a potential bias in the case. Daniel Morcombe was abducted and murdered in 2003 while waiting for a bus to go Christmas shopping on the Sunshine Coast.
The five-day suspension for Ibrahim Ahmad will prevent him from attending La Center High's dance Saturday. 'I kno it's A little Late, But I'm kinda…THE BOMB! Rilea, Will U Be My Date To Prom?' the sign read.
The large Android shape covers a mountainous region near the city of Shahpur in Pakistan. It is not an official Google feature and the image is believed to have been added using Google's Map Maker. Map Maker lets any user add and update map information in Google Maps and Google Earth. It was set up to make Google Maps as accurate as possible by adding details from people who actually live in the area. Google spokesman told MailOnline: 'We've terminated the Android figure involved'
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will fight on Saturday, May 2, in Las Vegas, Nevada. The bout is one of the most anticipated in boxing history with the WBO, WBA and WBC titles all on the line. Around 500 tickets to the May 2 welterweight unification clash went on sale to the general public through Mgmgrand.com and Ticketmaster.com on Thursday night .
The Department of Veteran Affairs said the word 'Anzac' is not authorised to be used for commercial purposes without express permission from the Minister for Veterans' Affairs. Zoo Weekly removed all 'offending' images of a half-naked model holding a long stemmed red poppy from Facebook. Social media users were quick to condemn the controversial issue, labelling it 'gross and offensive' and 'disrespectful'   .
The 39-year-old actress spoke passionately about the plight of refugees in Syria and sharply criticized the UN Security Council for their lack of action. Nearly four million Syrians have fled the conflict into neighboring countries, which warn they are dangerously overstretched. 'We cannot look at Syria, and the evil that has arisen from the ashes of indecision, and think this is not the lowest point in the world's inability to protect and defend the innocent,' she said.
Remmie, 18, had a thick bar put through her ear as an act of teenage rebellion . But when the piercing became inflamed, she was forced to remove the bar. The resulting wound healed into a hazelnut-sized lump known as a keloid scar on her ear .
Kurt Cobain and Courtney Love lived in the apartment in 1991 and 1992, just before Frances Bean Cobain was born. The two-bedroom apartment is inside a 1920's building on Spaulding Avenue in L.A.'s Fairfax district. Owner Brandon Kleinman has listed it on Airbnb .
Attorney General Eric Holder has served as the nation's top law enforcement official since the start of the Obama administration. 'I am proud of you. I'm going to miss you,' he told the standing-room-only crowd, many of whom embraced him after he concluded his speech. Newly confirmed Attorney General-designate Loretta Lynch will take over from Holder on Monday .
Andre Gignac says he made the 'stunning discovery' in a photograph released by Nasa and taken by the Mars rover Opportunity. He says he became suspicious about a 'dark spot' on the rim of the Endeavour crater he had found in the original image. 'I was stunned. It was a massive panoramic window built in the inside wall of the crater,' he said .
Shabana Bibi, 25, died in hospital on Saturday after suffering burns to 80 per cent of her body. Police have arrested her husband Muhammad Siddique and father-in-law Pir Bakhsh for murder and terrorism. Hundreds of women are murdered by their relatives in Pakistan each year through domestic violence.
Carol Cole, 17, from Michigan, was found stabbed to death in January 1981 in Bossier Parish, Louisiana. She had run away from a juvenile detention center in Texas in October 1980 and was last heard from a month later. Her remains were found under a pile of leaves in the woods outside Shreveport. Detectives from Bossier and Carol's family had crossed paths 30 years ago in a failed attempt to find the teen and identify the body  .
Emergency EU summit agreed to lay groundwork for military action against traffickers. British warship HMS Bulwark and German supply ship Berlin expected to be sent to the region within days. British PM David Cameron stressed that Britain was not planning to bring any more migrants back to the UK. Italian PM Matteo Renzi called the measures 'a giant step forward' but other leaders were less optimistic.
Alyssa Marie Chang, 56, allegedly kidnapped her lover's other girlfriend and her two-year-old son, sparking an Amber Alert and a statewide manhunt across Washington last week. The mother of Ronnie Tran, 2, was furious because she thought the woman had been circulating doctored photos of their mutual lover in 'compromising sexual positions,' police say. An Amber Alert was issued for the boy Tuesday night, after the mother escaped .
Toddler suffered horrific facial injuries after Alaskan Malamute 'gripped' her head at their home in Neyland, Pembrokeshire. She suffered deep puncture wounds to her face and skull and was airlifted to hospital. Family gave permission for pet to be destroyed after incident .
Julieane Jablonski, 38, was charged with providing marijuana to a minor and witness tampering. Her son, 19-year-old Austin Essig, jumped out of a third-floor window after eating a pot brownie earlier this month. He suffered non-life-threatening injuries. Police confiscated what was left of the edible to test for THC levels.
Vivienne Garton's 10-year-old West Highland terrier Ben was snatched from her garden in Bristol earlier this month. She began an appeal to find him and put up posters near her home in Knowle West, Bristol. But shortly after she received two phone calls from an anonymous man threatening to cut up her pet unless she paid £500 .
Tipper Lewis, 43, has been reaping the benefits of superfoods for 20 years. Credits the likes of chia seeds, bee pollen and matcha green tea with her boundless energy and good health. Her wrinkle-free skin and boundless health are testament to the stuff .
Ciudad Real airport was built in 2009 at a cost of more than €1billion but closed in 2012. It was supposed to be a symbol of modern Spain's affluence, but is now being left to ruin. New owners will need to pay off debt.
Genetic analysis of two woolly mammoth remains found on Wrangel Island shows population was inbreeding. The last of the woolly mammoths were isolated on an Arctic island for around 5,000 years. They were forced to inbreed as their population dwindled and died out 4,500 years ago. Study raises the prospect of bringing the giant mammal back to life using cloning techniques with modern elephants. Scientists inserted more than a dozen of the creature's genes into the live DNA of an elephant using a new method known as Crispr.
Connor Sullivan, 17, of Cupertino, California, attended his first period class at Monta Vista High School on Monday morning. He then disappeared for roughly 80 hours before returning home on his own on Thursday night. Police and volunteers had searched for him, but could not find him .
It was the largest stock package that Schmidt has received since 2011 when Google Inc. awarded him a bundle valued at $94 million. Schmidt also pocketed a $1.25 million salary, a $6 million bonus and perks valued at nearly $1 million. His total pay last year soared by more than five-fold from 2013 when his compensation was valued.
Sanjay Chaddah concocted a 'tissue of lies' claiming Dean Paton had kicked him and called him a 'P**i' following the 18-month boundary dispute. He was given a six-month suspended sentence for common assault and perjury .
Britain will go from being hotter than Turkey and Ibiza to colder than Moscow, Stockholm and Finland in a matter of days. Arctic airmass, also known as a polar maritime mass, will begin to arrive on Saturday from Iceland .
Nicky Buckley famously soldiered on with her presenting job on The Sale of the Century after falling pregnant in 1997. She continued to wear the glamorous, figure-hugging gowns her job required of her. 'I was told I jammed fax machines at Channel 9 and newspapers - with faxes coming in from people commenting negatively,' she said.
LaNia Roberts, 18, is an art student at Syracuse University who recently gave a motivational speech titled 'Love Yourself Unconditionally' The Louisville native lost 50 pounds in 2012 after making a New Year's resolution to change her appearance and love herself more. She also began painting self-portraits as a means of embracing her own appearance and finding beauty within every flaw. Her paintings tell a different story .
The $45.2billion deal would have merged Comcast's 30million customers with Time Warner Cable's 11million. The new company would have spun off or sold 3.9million customers. The proposed merger would have controlled 57percent of the broadband internet market and 30 percent of the paid TV market with more than 27million customers across the nation. FCC regulators questioned whether the merger was in the public interest.
For the first time in its history Cadbury's is set to release a super bar containing seven different fillings. The seven-row Dairy Milk Spectacular will contain one row each of Dairy Milk Caramel, Dairy Milk Fruit & Nut.
Graeme Finlay, 53, went on trial after retired engineer Ron Phillips, 70, and his wife June, 69, were knocked unconscious. Jury at Teesside Crown Court took less than an hour to return unanimous not guilty verdicts to charges .
Bradley Parkes was discovered hanging in the woods with a suicide note saying taking his own life was easier than what he was going through. His mother Tiffany, 35, said he had been tormented for months by a gang of teenagers in Coventry. She described how her son had been robbed at knifepoint several times and even slashed in the face  .
Vonda Thedford, 55, was driving along a Pittsburg County rural road earlier this month when she spotted the mysterious carcass. When she stopped to look at the dead creature, she was disturbed to see it had 'a little truck' in place of a nose, 'little toes' and 'hair on its tail' In a bid to document the unusual-looking beast, she whipped out her camera phone. The restaurant worker says the images have left people baffled and no-one has been able to identify the bloated and hairless critter. Sightings of the animal have been reported.
FEMAIL writer Deni Kirkova travelled to four different Pret A Manger shops in London to find out what it takes to get a free cup. She tried three different approaches: nonchalant, sad and friendly - and all three worked .
Sawyer Sweeten, 19, shot himself in the head while visiting a family member's home in Texas on Thursday. His manager, Dino May, said there were no signs of trouble prior to him taking his own life. He said: 'Everybody was shocked. He was a good kid. Teenage stuff, but no depression, no signs or anything' The child actor appeared in 139 episodes of the popular US sitcom from 1996 to 2005. His twin brother played Michael and sister Madylin played Ally on the show. His mother Elizabeth posted a photo on Facebook saying she loved her children.
Charles Severance, 54, has been charged with the murders of Nancy Dunning, Ron Kirby and Ruthanne Lodato. All three victims were gunned down at their homes in daylight attacks in Alexandria, Virginia, in 2003 and 2013. Severance's rambling manifesto revealed details of his chilling plan to 'Knock. Talk. Enter. Kill. Exit. Murder' Prosecution said his writings linked the three murders to a biblical passage. Judge ruled his trial should be moved to Fairfax County over fears for an impartial jury . Judge Jane Marum Roush reprimanded Severance on Thursday.
DeShawn Isabelle, 15, punched the 41-year-old woman in the head from behind and dragged her to the ground by pulling on her hair before continuing to punch her as she crouched in the fetal position. Isabelle also stole $2,000 in cash that the woman was going to wire back to her family in Thailand and spent it on junk food, Air Jordan track suits and his graduation fees, according to Assistant State’s Attorney.
One of the boys was 16 and two were 17 when they were having sex with Davis High School English teacher Brianne Altice, 35. One testified that he considered her to be his girlfriend during their yearlong tryst. But the boys were all minors, and Utah law also says a person cannot consent to sex if the other person is in a position of special trust. Altice could face up to 45 years in prison when she is sentenced next month for the sex crimes .
The majority of the world’s volcanoes are found deep underwater where immense water pressure does weird things to the lava that bubbles out of them. Now scientists have finally been able to record one of these eruptions as it happens to discover the sound it makes. Rather than the explosive roar emitted by their cousins on land, underwater volcanoes give off a muted thrum. The research could allow scientists to monitor undersea volcanoes far more effectively than they have before .
Dramatic decline in popularity blamed on Chinese government's wide-reaching anti-corruption crackdown. Banned on owning dogs of more than 50kg in several Chinese cities has had a huge impact on the breed's popularity. Tibetan Mastiffs can weigh up to 80kg.
Engineers have developed the Human Powered Vehicle (HPV) and will attempt to beat the women's arm-powered speed record. It will be piloted and powered by paracyclist Liz McTernan and will need to travel in excess of 21.39 miles per hour (34.42 km/h) The current benchmark is held by Tracy Miller who broke the record on 13 May 1995 .
Brian Cassidy was picking up trash outside the store in Bangor, Maine on Thursday when he found the wet stack of money beneath a large piece of paper. He immediately contacted store security to tell them what he had found and they contacted the police department. The money belonged to Ou Chen, who lost the money as he cleared snow off his car last winter.
Measuring just 15ft by 10ft, the hut on Mudeford Spit in Christchurch, Dorset, is the same price as a five-bedroom house in Herefordshire and more than a four-bedroom home in Kingswood, Hull. Owners will also have to shell out between £2,500 and £4,000 a year in ground rent to Christchurch Borough Council for use of the hut which can sleep up to five people  .
Eve Stratford, 22, was found with her throat slashed in her Leyton home on 18 March 1975. Six months later, Lynne Weedon, 16, was attacked and raped in an alleyway near her home in Hounslow. Both murders were linked in July 2006 after matching DNA was discovered on victims. Scotland Yard said it is likely the suspect is now in his 60s.
Kim Pappas, 25, was two hours into her day at Ceva Logistics in Wyandotte, Michigan. She gave birth in her office toilet and cut the umbilical cord with cuticle scissors. Nobody knew she was pregnant until they saw blood in the cubicle. She has been charged with premeditated murder.
The tiny nipper - measuring just 5.5 inches long - was caught during a 2010 government research trip and its body remained frozen while biologists went about identifying it. This week scientists revealed the dinky creature is a pocket shark - a miniature variation of the more popular kinds. The young male is the second.
Jiaojiao only survived because rain canopies, laundry racks and wet grass broke her fall in Zheng Du City, Central China. Her pelvis had broken into pieces and she had severe bruising and scratches, as well as internal bleeding. Her mother, Zheng Jiayu, 31, who left her at home, now cannot afford the huge £100,000 bill.
The Taliban announced the launch of Operation Azm, meaning 'determination', on Wednesday. The jihadi group claimed responsibility for 108 attacks in the opening five hours of the offensive. A US air base near Kabul and military outposts in Nuristan were targeted today. The militants continue to pursue territory in north east Afghanistan  .
Singer, 23, was seen leaving Cirque Le Soir nightclub in London's Soho at 4am on Wednesday night. Returned to Soho Hotel at 4.30am on Thursday, wearing same white t-shirt he was seen wearing the following day. Pictures show him in his hotel room in the early hours of Thursday morning. One Snapchat video shows him playing the 'air guitar' in the room .
Sgt Louise Lucas, 41, was killed earlier this month when she was hit by a bus in Swansea, South Wales. She was on a shopping trip with her eight-year-old daughter Olivia when she tried to push her out of its path. Onlookers say the pair were inches from the bus but she pushed her daughter to safety. Sgt Lucas was rushed to hospital but doctors battled to save her but she later died. Police officers of all ranks paid their respects at her funeral in Cardiff today .
Lucy Mecklenburgh, 23, is face of Sunkissed fake tan brand. Has called on her younger sister Lydia, 19, to join her in the new campaign. Says it was 'really lovely working together' .
Kim Woodward, 34, is the first woman to run the Savoy Grill kitchen in its 126-year history. She follows in the footsteps of a string of maître chefs who have headed the kitchen since its opening in the Strand.
Andrew Hichens trained to respond to crimes, fires and medical emergencies. The 28-year-old is called a 'Tri-service Safety Officer' in Hayle in Western Cornwall. He does not have the power to make arrests.
Students from Zeta Beta Tau at both the University of Florida and Emory University in Atlanta, Georgia, have been accused of the deplorable behavior against the ex-servicemen during the Warrior Beach Retreat. The event is designed to give those who have sacrificed their lives for their country a relaxing break with their families.
Images of the watch's circular face were unveiled as part of an announcement about Samsung's upcoming developer scheme. Samsung's previous watches have all had rectangular faces, or in the case of the Gear S, a curved design. In its press release, Samsung said: 'The new wearable device will be the 7th generation of Samsung Gear with a wrist watch type' It added that this is the first time Samsung has released its wearable SDK to developers.
Birmingham topped the league table for rat exterminations with almost 15,000 between 2013 and 2014. Newcastle is the most pest-infested place in the country with 5% of residents calling in exterminators. The London Borough of Southwark has the most mice, cockroaches and bed bugs, according to research .
Hormone replacement therapy increases a woman's risk of breast cancer up to eight years after she has stopped treatment. Women's Health Initiative in the US and Million Women Study in the UK are the two largest studies into the effects of HRT - used to ease menopause.
Towie, population 300, has a single road, a few houses, primary school, church, graveyard and community hall. Local streams have been well known for grains of gold of 'significant size' for decades. Scientists believe it sits on deposits.
Christien Sechrist, a 20-year-old from Houston, Texas, had a black and white image of his young son Perseus etched onto the left side of his head in July after losing him in a car accident.
A tornado touched down in Florida on Thursday afternoon, but did not cause any damage. Thunderstorms were predicted to take place in a number of states on Thursday evening. Severe thunderstorms may strike several Southern states and along the Gulf Coast on Saturday. Tornadoes are also predicted to strike Kansas, Texas, and Oklahoma on Sunday.
Robert O'Neill will treat specially-invited guests to weekend shooting retreat in Jackson Hole, Wyoming. Guests will be put up in Amangani Resort Hotel, a sprawling luxury complex perched in the Rocky Mountains, on edge of park.
Miliband accused of stooping to a 'shameful' new low by blaming David Cameron for refugee crisis. Labour leader suggested deaths of refugees could have been avoided if PM had done more. Accused PM of failing to secure a stable transfer of power in the wake of 2011 uprising in Libya. Tories demand that Miliband apologise for 'outrageous and disgraceful' remarks. Suggestion sparks furious response from Tories.
George Kirby and 91-year-old Doreen Luckie from Eastbourne, East Sussex, will marry on June 13. They have had seven children, 15 grandchildren and seven great-grandchildren between them. George, currently 102, proposed on Valentine's Day and will marry for the third time in front of 60 guests.
Barbara Anne Beam was being looked after by her sister and nephew when she passed away in her bedroom in Greenville, South Carolina on January 2. The coroner's office found she died from a blood clot in her lung and ruled that her death was neglect.
Elizabeth 'Elle' Edmunds, 31, was issued a court notice this week for the offence of two counts of obtaining benefits by deception. Police allege she used a falsified doctor's certificate stating she had terminal cancer to raise about $2500 from strangers. In February, Ms Edmunds told Belmont Local Court she was put up to the act by her violent partner John Heagney. In April last year, she sat her family down and told them she had cancer and doctors had given her just three years to live. She went into hiding after revelations of her alleged fraud came to light.
The 1954 Bentley R-Type Continental Fastback was expected to sell for around £200,000 by auctioneers. It ended up being sold for £739,212 - a record for the auction house. Originally commissioned by Welsh racing driver R D Weatherall and painted in his racing colour of purple.
Christopher Whitmore, 36, killed his wife Melissa Ball, 27, and their son Grayden, 8. He then turned the gun on himself at a gas station in Varnell, Georgia. Police said the couple had a history of domestic issues.
Xie Shisheng, who was just 16 years old when imprisoned by the mill owner, was found in a small dark room by authorities earlier this week. Now 34, a very gaunt Xie said he was never fed properly and beaten daily.
Navinder Singh Sarao, 37, is facing extradition to the U.S. for allegedly causing the 2010 Wall Street crash. He appeared at Westminster Magistrates' Court on Wednesday and was bailed with a surety of £5million. But he will remain in jail over the weekend after failing to pay the money. The former Brunel University student allegedly made £550,000 in five minutes on Tuesday .
The fast-casual chain will work with the Postmates app to begin offering delivery for online and mobile orders in 67 cities. But Mexican food fans should know that the restaurant plans to add a nine per cent service charge - with the delivery fees for Postmates beginning at $5.
Troublesome is a regular visitor to Etali Safari Lodge in the Madikwe Game Reserve, South Africa. Staff have nicknamed him Troublesome after the cheeky elephant who likes to dip his trunk in pools.
Oskar Groening, 93, is accused of complicity in the killing of 300,000 Jews at the Nazi extermination camp. Eva Kor, 81, was one of the 1,500 twins Dr. Josef Mengele experimented on in the camp. She embraced him, thanked him, held his hand and forgave him in a moment of reconciliation. Mrs Kor was criticised by other victims and their families for her public forgiveness .
Kerrie Armitage suffers from the ultra-rare condition aquagenic urticaria - an allergy to water. She was diagnosed two years ago after her skin erupted in agonising blisters when she got caught in a rain storm. Her condition means that external exposure to water is the main problem .
Bahar Mustafa, 27, is student union Welfare and Diversity Officer at Goldsmiths University in London. Picture shows her posing in front of a 'no white men' sign while pretending to cry . She told white people and men 'not to come' to a meeting she was organising to discuss 'diversifying the curriculum' . The post was met with outrage by students who described it as 'patronising beyond belief'
Liam Byrne left a memo on his desk after Labour's election defeat in 2010 saying there was 'no money' It said: 'Dear Chief Secretary, I'm afraid that there is no money. Kind regards and good luck' It was found by his Liberal Democrat successor David Laws. Mr Alexander today sent a letter to Mr Byrne apologising for the late reply. He said it was because he had been 'fixing the economy'  .
Benjamin Mellor ripped open one of the 41 bales of cocaine after food ran out and he broke his wrist. The 35-year-old window cleaner was one of three Brits who were arrested after Naval officers stormed the yacht. He was jailed for eight years yesterday after admitting drug trafficking and importation. Thomas Britteon also received eight years for the same charges.
Jet Set Candy's Marry British Royalty Spinner Charm comes in 14K gold vermeil and sterling silver and retails for $198 and $148, respectively. The travel-inspired jewelry brand also sells destination-specific charms for other cities.
Australians have taken to social media to remember the sacrifice of the Anzacs. Record numbers gathered at dawn services across the country to commemorate the 100th anniversary of the Gallipoli landing. Social media has been flooded with images of Anzac Day services .
Sydney surfer Dan Churchill, 25, is touring the US to promote his cook book 'Dude Food' . Appeared as a guest star on Good Morning America with Hollywood star Blake Lively on Tuesday. Admitted he crushes more on husband Ryan Reynolds than Lively. 'I am not one to go all fan-boy like so I kept my cool but there was one thing I had to be honest'
Lincolnshire resort is famous for its giant Butlin's holiday camp and sprawling caravan parks. Billy Butlin located his first holiday park at Skegness in 1936 and it still attracts 400,000 visitors a year. It is number five among UK's holiday home hotspots behind Windermere in the Lake District and Newport in Pembrokeshire.
The Labour leader has been touring the country with the prop in an attempt to make him appear more statesmanlike. He has delivered key speeches in the campaign stood behind the lectern in front of the Union Jack flag. But it has also been deployed when he is just making brief remarks or holding events. Comes as it was revealed he has hired a 'leadership consultancy' firm to help him.
Lisa Heath, 45, an assistant at Willowtown Community Primary School, Gwent, was questioned by police. She initially denied the drugs were hers, saying they had been planted on her. But she later changed her story and accepted a caution for possession of Class B.
MailOnline Travel looks ahead at what holidaymakers can expect from flights and accommodations in the future. From biometric scanning to iPad-controlled hotel rooms, glimpses into the future of travel have already begun popping up in airports and resorts around the world  .
Authorities rejected Emma Sulkowicz's case that Paul Nungesser, a German citizen, was a 'serial rapist' who assaulted her after class. Nonetheless, the case gathered international attention as she publicly paraded her mattress in protest, calling for his indictment . According to his lawsuit, Columbia presented the allegations as fact on a university-owned website. NungESSer said the school allowed Sulkowitz to carry a mattress into classes, the library and campus-provided transport as part of her senior thesis, calling him a rapist  .
 concept artist Alex Brady from Cambridge has created beautiful pictures of what space travel might look like. He imagines a space station of tomorrow similar to Las Vegas, with neon lights and plenty of attractions. In the main image of Space Vegas, a fantastic array of colours and attractiosn can be seen, including a Ferris wheel and a lit-up cowboy. The cone-shaped space station is also shown in a state of partial completion, with space planes again making the journey from the ground. His designs incorporate efforts from Europe, US and India.
The Islamic State Health Service (ISHS) appears to be an unimaginative copy of the UK's free health system. The video features an Australian pediatrician and an Indian physiologist. They are urging foreign doctors to travel to Syria and help ISIS with their new health care service. Video also shows off new medical students being taught patients.
'Project Elysium' claims to create a 'personalised afterlife experience' with loved ones who have passed. The app's developers have yet to reveal exactly how the technology will work. It could be a step towards uploading memories and personalities into computers, allowing people to live on in virtual reality in the future.
PepsiCo said today it is dropping the ingredient from the popular drink in the U.S. in response to customer feedback. Diet Pepsi, Caffeine-Free Diet Pepsi and Wild Cherry Diet Pepsi will now contain suc.
Former state District Judge G. Todd Baugh of Billings was chosen for the award by the group's board of directors. Baugh, 73, sparked widespread outrage in 2013 over comments suggesting that 14-year-old Cherice Moralez shared some responsibility for her rape by teacher Stacey Rambold. At the time, Baugh described the teenage girl as 'older than her chronological age' and called her a troubled youth. Moralez killed herself before the case went to trial . He was also censured by the Montana Supreme Court for his comments and suspended from the bench for 31 days. After prosecutors appealed, R Ambold was re-sentenced in September and is appealing the sentence .
John Elder and Armin T. Wegner both documented the unimaginable suffering they witnessed in images which helped build a case against a Turkish government which still denies the slaughter of up to 1.5million Armenians constituted genocide. Many Western countries still do not use the word 'genocide' and US president Barack Obama is unlikely to do so in his upcoming statement marking the anniversary despite pledging he would during his election campaign to use it.
Ashley X was caught on camera driving his Honda sports car at 67mph on a 50mph section of the M11 in 2009. He tried to fight the speeding charge in six different courts, concocting various stories. Finally admitted perjury and perverting the course of justice.
Pasco County Sheriff's office reported it has received death threats since footage emerged. Deputy Kerry Kempink shot the dog while responding to a burglar alarm call last Friday. The video, shot on Kempink's body camera, showed the deputy jumping a fence into the property where he was then confronted by two dogs .
Jenna Marotta, 27, of New York, suffers from dermatillomania - a compulsive skin-picking disorder that left her face bleeding. She used tweezers, a magnifying mirror, a paperclip, a toothbrush handle, lotion caps and nails.
A new species of frog has been found in the Atlantic forest of Serra do Japi in Brazil. Called Hylodes japi, it was found to mate underground in secret chambers. Males and females typically find a spot to mate in about five minutes to avoid predators.
Daniela D'Addario's body was found in the boot of her car in Bermagui, NSW on Wednesday night. A 27-year-old man, believed to be her boyfriend, has been charged with her murder. He fled from officers when they stopped the car and made the grim discovery. The couple had reportedly been in a 'very tumultuous relationship' for about four months. She found out a month ago that he had a secret wife and children back home in Fiji. He was extradited to the ACT on Friday and will face the ACT Magistrates Court on Friday .
New York and Connecticut authorities are in search of a woman accused of stealing the identity of a cancer-stricken fashion executive who lay dying in a Manhattan hospital. Surveillance cameras caught the thief taking $9,000 out of the account of Kate Sullivan at Chase branches in Commack and Freeport on September 23, 2014. State police say the female suspect then racked up $4,000 in bills.
Openly-gay high school junior, Anthony Martinez, reached his wits' end trying to find a 'boy date' for his May 2 dance. In a last-ditch attempt, he tuned to social media and was over-joyed when his straight guy friend, Jacob Lescenski, stepped in to fill the spot. He greeted Martinez in the locker room at Desert Oasis High School on Tuesday morning with a huge pink banner reading: 'You're hella gay, I'm hella str8, but you're like my brother'
The 1986 Janner file is mentioned in an investigation into an alleged government cover-up. NSPCC boss Peter Wanless led a review of Home Office files from 1979 to 1999 and concluded it would be 'impossible' to unearth this and other 113 missing files. The Home Office has refused to comment on the dossier, which could conceal the name of a second person, it is alleged.
Jenrry Mejia has been suspended for 80 games without pay after testing positive for a banned substance. The 25-year-old right hander will not be able to play again until at least July.
Randy and Jodi Speidel, from Bellefontaine, Ohio, created online fundraisers on GiveFroward.com and GoFundMe.com in late February begging Good Samaritans for financial help. Mrs Speidel wrote that they had been living without gas all winter, had no running water and were close to having their electricity and Internet service shut off. After having paid $500 to their landlord to prevent their eviction, they were left with only $33 to their name. They were found dead from self-inflicted poisoning.
Transport for London has launched a new campaign to tackle abuse on public transport. Unsettling video shows a female commuter being groped on the Tube. Broadchurch actress Olivia Coleman asks: 'Would you report it?' One in ten Londoners have experienced unwanted sexual behaviour.
Ariana Miyamoto, 20, was born and raised in Sasebo near Nagasaki, Japan. She was crowned Miss Japan last month and will represent her country at Miss Universe. Some critics of her win have complained she is a mixed race 'hafu' and not Japanese enough  .
Bianca Gascoigne, 28, targeted by gang of eight as she walked in Marylebone, central London. They grabbed her phone and then attempted to snatch her bag, but ran away when she fought them off. The theft reportedly left her in tears and she is said to have been left devastated.
Karen Buckley, 24, died of head and neck injuries, according to her death certificate. Her parents Marion, 62, and John, 61, have spoken of their heartbreak at losing their 'cherished' daughter. Alexander Pacteau appeared at Glasgow Sheriff Court.
Lewis Hamilton sprayed champagne into the face of a hostess after winning the Chinese Grand Prix on Sunday. He's also done it at the Spanish Grand Prix and even at the Austrian Grand Prix. Leading group which campaigns against sexism condemned the behavior as 'selfish and inconsiderate' Others have called the driving ace an 'embarrassment to the UK' and an 'ignorant clown'
UKIP leader said pain meant he was not 'firing on all cylinders' during election campaign. Revealed he was suffering after a flare-up of an old spinal injury and had been prescribed Temazepam. The 51-year-old has been receiving private hospital treatment in London.
Nicola Sturgeon admits she understands concerns of English voters about a coalition government. She also suggested David Cameron had been 'not unhelpful' to the SNP by gaining publicity. Polls suggest the SNP is on the brink of a landslide .
James Webster, 35, used hidden camera to film up women's skirts at Lidl in Maidenhead, Berkshire. Caught after fellow shopper spotted him moving bag he was carrying closer to his unsuspecting victim. Admitted outraging public decency at previous hearing and was warned he could face prison for the crime.
Cops began following the wild animal after it was spotted scurrying through Battery Park City at 6am on Saturday. Officers trailed it on foot and in patrol cars as it ran across roads and dipped between cars. For two hours it evaded capture, with one witness describing hows cops were chasing it 'like a suspect'   .
Peter Gale, 47, was dismissed by Nonsuch High School For Girls in Surrey two weeks ago. He was sacked for 'unprofessional and inappropriate conduct' after sending 'informal' emails to sixth form pupil. School rules forbid teachers from sending messages to pupils from private email accounts. National Union of Teachers play down seriousness of conduct.
Lord Fellowes, 65, has revealed he is to turn Trollope's 1858 novel Doctor Thorne into a new three-part historical drama. The novel tells the story of Doctor Thomas Thorne, who lives in the village of Greshamsbury in Barsetshire with his beautiful niece Mary.
Dale Cregan reportedly moved from HMP Manchester to Ashworth Hospital in Maghull, Merseyside. The 31-year-old has reportedly started refusing food at Category A jail after being moved to solitary confinement. He was jailed for life after shooting police officers Fiona Bone and Nicola Hughes in 2012 and was told he would die.
The case of the haunted bunk beds of Wisconsin became infamous in 1987 when Alan and Debby Tallman’s purchase from a local junk shop led to nine months of terror. Four people reportedly died shortly after sitting in this 200-year-old 'chair of death' now in Philadelphia - and it is said to be cursed .
Robert Downey Jr has been accused of making a racist remark about Oscar-winning Mexican director Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu. He was asked what he thought of the director's claim that superhero movies were 'cultural genocide' Hollywood star said: 'Look I respect the heck out of him. I think for a man whose native tongue is Spanish to be able to put together a phrase like that just speaks to how bright he is'
Drugs were hurled from the outside by friends of inmates who missed their intended targets. HMP Altcourse in Liverpool was first prison in the UK to be designed and constructed for a private operator G4S.
Mary Pat Christie, 51, quit her $475,000-a-year job at Angelo Gordon & Co this week. Official reason was 'to spend more time with her family and young children' But many will see move as precursor to presidential bid.
Alison Saunders, 54, sparked outrage last week when she let off Lord Janner over child sex abuse charges. She decided the 86-year-old should not face trial because he has dementia. But it has now been revealed she trained at the same legal firm where he was a QC. Janner worked at 1 Garden Court Chambers from the mid-1950s up until 1986, it has been revealed.
Gran Canaria is just four hours from the UK, making it one of the most easily reached locations for guaranteed winter sun. The three-mile-long Las Canteras is a must-see for sun worshippers. Old Las Palmas is a Unesco World Heritage.
The actor and his human rights lawyer wife are understood to have invited friends to their mansion on Lake Como. The party is a belated celebration of Mrs Clooney's 37th birthday in February . Guests are expected to include Matt Damon and Brad Pitt .
Michael Foster was appearing at a public 'hustings' in the Camborne and Redruth constituency. He objected to mention of his luxurious four-bedroom home by Loveday Jenkin. Ms Jenkin is standing for the Cornish party Mebyon Kernow - the party for Cornwall. She said he turned to her and said: 'You c***. I will destroy you'
Marco Evaristti poured red fruit dye into the Strokkur Geysir hot spring in Iceland at dawn. When they boiled, vibrant pink steam blew up from the ground as a result . He has since been jailed for two weeks after landowners lambasted his efforts as 'vandalism'
Tony McCoy finished third in his 17,630th race at Sandown Park on Saturday. The 40-year-old has been champion jump jockey in Britain and Ireland for 20 years. McCoy has ridden in more than 17,000 races and fallen an estimated 1,000 times.
The 6,500-foot-high Calbuco volcano erupted for the first time on Wednesday afternoon. An estimated 1,500 people were forced to flee the nearby town of Ensenada after the eruption. Locals described an apocalyptic scene as ash clouds were shot six miles into the air creating an incredible display of lightning and lava against the night's sky.
Shoccara Marcus returned to her childhood home after her father was diagnosed with cancer in 2011. She has been working on Choreographing My Past, a project about the complexity of family dynamics, for more than a year. The images were captured throughout the house as she explores her place in the family structure .
Vince Cable wants a substantial role in government and envisages working with the Conservatives again. The Business Secretary said the PM and Chancellor are 'highly intelligent guys' . He said they 'don't snarl at each other' in business meetings.
Kevin Coulton, 16, put his lips in the rim of a glass and blew to achieve a fuller pout. But the Manchester schoolboy was left with dark bruising around his lips and chin for three days. Now he is warning classmates not to take part in the 'Kylie Jenner challenge'
Colin Bloomfield died at a hospice near his hometown of Shrewsbury yesterday morning. He was a presenter, reporter and Derby County commentator at BBC Radio Derby for 10 years. Niall Horan, who is one quarter of One Direction, described him as a 'super great guy and great commentator' Fellow broadcasters have also paid tribute .
Former Blair ally Charles Dunstone is now supporting the Conservative Party in the election. The former Carphone Warehouse boss said David Cameron deserved credit for turning around the economy .
Panel will look at thousands of 'adjustments' made to temperature records around the world. Sceptics claim the effect of such adjustments is to revise temperatures from decades ago downwards and increase recent readings.
The 46-year-old singer has filed for guardianship over daughter Bobbi Kristina's estate according to a Saturday report from NBC affiliate 11Alive. This news comes just days after the 22- year-old's loved ones were split over whether she had awoken from her coma as her father had claimed. Bobbi's grandmother Cissy Houston said on Monday that her granddaughter 'is no longer in a medically induced coma' but is not awake nor expected to ever fully recover. She was found unconscious on January 31 .
The disgraced ESPN reporter was behind the mic covering the NHL Stanley Cup playoff game between the New York Islanders and Washington Capitals . The 29-year-old was suspended for a week after footage emerged showing her unleash a vicious verbal attack on a single mother-of-three at a towing firm. She has appeared intermittently on Sports Center providing updates from Nassau Colosseum  .
Women can be told within days whether they have a high or low risk of the disease returning. For some women, the test can accurately tell if the risk is as low as five%.
The rogue European eagle owl has been terrorising the Dutch town of Noordeinde for months. Locals have been advised to arm themselves with umbrellas as twitchers flock to the area to see the bird. The bird was caught on camera soaring from the roof of a house.
The 47-year-old joined up with team Abu Dhabi Ocean Racing for the sixth leg of the Volvo Ocean Race. Joly jumped from the mast of the racing boat for a selfie before it set out to sea in Itajaí, Brazil .
Sepsis, previously known as septicaemia, affects more than 100,000 Britons a year and kills 37,000. 90 per cent of patients failed to get correct treatment on one surgical ward at Edinburgh Royal Infirmary, an NHS study revealed .
Last week Qatar's Constellation Group sensationally snapped up a majority stake in the company that owns Claridge's, the Connaught and the Berkeley Hotel. Just last week their sovereign wealth fund snapped up Canary Wharf for £2.6 billion. The oil-rich country became the first commercial sponsor of Royal Ascot last year .
Dana Perino was accompanying the former president as he visited wounded soldiers and their families at the Walter Reed hospital in Washington, D.C. Perino said these regular visits were usually filled with joy, but this particular meeting was one of the exceptions. 'The mom was beside herself with grief. She yelled at the president, wanting to know why it was her child and not his who lay in that hospital bed,' Perino wrote in her new book And The Good News Is.
Two-up dates back to Australia's goldfields and the first recorded games are believed to have taken place in the late 1790s. The game is considered a form of gambling and is illegal at all other times, but legal on Anzac Day. Thousands of Australians took advantage of the opportunity to play on Saturday.
A number of pages, written in Arabic, have reportedly been found on the social media site. They are said to be advertising 'reliable' and 'comfortable' travel to Europe on overcrowded vessels.
Comedian Jenny Eclair travelled with her other half on a Painting In Venus break with Flavours . She stayed at the Villa Bianchi, a comfortable farmhouse surrounded by maize fields and within easy striking distance by car of both Treviso and Venice .
Paul Mason, 54, from Ipswich, Suffolk, once tipped the scales at a mind-boggling 70st. The former postman managed to shed 46st after gastric bypass surgery in 2010 but NHS refused to give him an operation to remove 7st of excess skin. He is now preparing to undergo an operation in the U.S. for free of charge.
Elizabeth Elena Laguna Salgado, 26, from Chiapas, Mexico, was last seen leaving a language school in Provo, Utah, on April 16. There is no evidence she was kidnapped, but she hasn't made contact with anybody since. She usually talked with family in Mexico every day. Her cellphone has been turned off, and there has been no activity on her credit cards or any other sign of where she is or what happened. A volunteer search is scheduled for Saturday morning. The 26-year-old woman had just finished a Mormon mission in Mexico and moved to Provo about a month ago to study English.
Pippa Middleton is said to have been buying up the mull-cloth nappies in Geneva. They are eco-friendly and are made from natural fibres, meaning they don't end up in landfill heaps   .
Three eight-week old puppies were found inside of a sealed cardboard box on April 18. The Labradors were found near a Tennessee Goodwill donation site without any food or water inside of the box where temperatures were reportedly over 100 degrees. The puppies have worms and are malnourished, and it is likely they have lived their entire lives in a cage. The animals have been named Greta Garbo, Bette Davis and Marilyn Monroe, and have been flourishing since they began treatment. McKamey Animal Center in Tennessee is offering a $200 reward for information leading to arrest.
The image is believed to come from a firebrand American religious group called 'The Disciples of the New Dawn' in the U.S. It has been circulating on mother's groups in Australia. Professor of Gynecology Hans Peter Dietz said the image represents a broader anti-caesarean sentiment which has harmful consequences for women .
John Pat Cunningham, 27, was shot dead by the Army in a field in Benburb, Co Armagh, in June 1974. Dennis Hutchings, 73, has been charged with attempted murder and released on bail. Mr Cunningham had the mental age of a child between six and 10 .
The Zeta Beta Tau fraternity was suspended Friday and charged with obscene behavior, public intoxication, theft, causing physical or other harm, and damage to property for allegedly disrespecting disabled veterans. The incident occurred at the Warrior Beach Retreat in Panama Beach City on April 17. The veterans were staying at the Lake Town Wharf Resort and the students were in town for their spring formal. No arrests have been made .
Sir Richard Branson converted The Old Chapel in Shipton-on-Cherwell, Oxfordshire, into a home in the 1970s. The four-bedroom home is now on the market for £599,000 and is divided into two levels.
Navinder Sarao, 36, made the bold claim in October last year in an email to business colleagues. US prosecutors allege he helped to trigger the so-called 'Flash Crash' of Wall Street on May 6, 2010. Crash netted Sarao £27 million in profits, they claim.
Gary Lincoln, 48, was working in a house in Cardiff when his jacket sleeve got caught in the blade. His hand was severed at the wrist, leaving it held on by only flesh and skin. Surgeons operated on him for more than seven hours earlier this month.
William Kerr absconded from a bail hostel in Hull after he was released on licence in January. The 53-year-old was jailed in 1998 for the murder of Maureen Comfort, 43, who was last seen alive in December 1995. His arrest came after a £5,000 reward was offered for information about his whereabouts on Crimewatch.
Around 549 Aussies are registered as travelling in the Himalayan region. Perth woman Ballantyne Forder, 20, who had been reported missing, has made contact via Facebook. Her family led a tireless campaign to find her, posting information across social media. Liam Oliver, 18, from Victoria and his aunt Dianne Joy Coburn, 59, are believed to be missing. Actor Hugh Sheridan has made a heartbreaking plea on social media to ask for prayers for his brother Zachary Sheridan .
ExtendedMind claims to work with politicians to build ‘leadership skills’ using ‘neuroscience’ and ‘business psychology’. Services offered by ExtendedMind include coaching on how to look ‘authentic’  .
Nicola Sturgeon's sister, Gillian Owens, said she once cut the hair off her Sindy doll for fun . The SNP leader has denied the claims, saying: 'I'm sure I didn't cut the heads off her Barbie doll' . She added: 'For the record I think my sister is misremembering. I'm sure of it'
Located at the mouth of the Pearl River Delta at the southern tip of China, Macau comprises a peninsula and two islands. It was run by Portugal until 1999 when it became a special Administrative Region of China. Gambling is illegal in Hong Kong, except on horser.
Dontrell Stephens was shot by Palm Beach County Sheriff's Office Deputy Adam Lin in September of 2013. The then-20-year-old was paralyzed from the waist down after the shooting. The only item Stephens had on his person when he was shot was a cellphone, not a gun  .
Pauline McKee thought she hit it big in 2011 when, after putting a penny in the 'Miss Kitty' game at the Isle Hotel Casino in Waterloo, Iowa, the screen announced she had won a bonus award of $41,797,550.16. But on Friday the Iowa Supreme Court determined she only won $1.85.
The Seven Year Switch is an eight episode series in which couples live, eat, and even sleep with a new significant other. The show's concept is based on the idea that after seven years of marriage, spouses often become restless and regret their decision to wed to wed .
Olivia Grant headed to Phuket in Thailand before the start of filming series two of Indian Summers. She stayed at the Sri Panwa resort, which comprises a series of minimalist villas complete with surround-sound systems.
Eagles Palace is a family hotel 90 minutes' drive from Thessaloniki in north-eastern Greece. Set on tumbling levels down to its own beach, the hotel is a labyrinth of terrace restaurants and bars.
Officers spotted the Delorean being carried on the back of a tranpsporter between Stoke-on-Trent and Crewe. They joked that the futuristic-looking car from the 1980s had a 'leaky flux capacitor' from the movie. Luckily the truck was not travelling at 88mph  .
Jay Liptrot, 43, was among the first firefighters on the scene of the 200C inferno in Prestatyn, North Wales. His tenant Lee-Anna Shiers, 20, her partner Liam Timbrell, 23, their baby Charlie, 15 months, Miss Shiers’s nephew Bailey, four, and niece Skye.
East Lancashire Railway’s award-winning 1940s Weekend is a highlight in many a vintage enthusiast's calendar. The Isle of Wight Walking Festival offers the ideal chance to explore the island's beauty spots. Norwich Cathedral hosts the Norfolk & Norwich Festival.
Adam Barker served 13 weeks in prison after admitting to making indecent images of children in 2012. He is an equal shareholder in Handles for Forks Ltd, which manages and distributes father's work. The company made £501,319 profit in the year to last June, which will be split with sister Charlotte.
The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was given a life sentence at Derby Crown Court. He 'took his daughter's life' through sexual abuse from when she was just 10 years old. His depravity was exposed when he impregnated her when she became pregnant as a teenager . As she watched her abuser being led away from the dock the girl cried: 'I love you' .
Jeannie Flynn, 53, lay stricken in the basement of a Fulham cafe as bricks fell down on top of her. She had been walking to her GPs on Thursday morning to pick up a prescription when a man told her to walk around a one-foot hole. As she did so the ground gave way and she plummeted 10ft downwards. She was taken to a hospital in Fulham and was found to have suffered whiplash and bruising .
Eva Chapin, 34, from West Linn, Oregon, left a string of offensive post-it notes on the door of the family home. The qualified nurse referred to the residents, who are believed to have roots in Ghana, as 'n*****' One of the notes read: 'Apes were never meant to drive so stop' Another said: 'U look like a monkey'
WARNING GRAPHIC IMAGES BELOW . Luis Andres Cuyun, 30, was riding in a car when two suspected Mara Salvatrucha gang members opened fire on him. Salvadoran Juan Carlos Medina Luna, 29, and Guatemalan Mario Alfonso Aguilar, 18, were arrested after police chase. Medina Luna said he carried out the hit on the orders of a man named 'El Travieso' or 'The Naughty One' . He said he did it 'because I like to kill' because he enjoys killing .
Programmer Charanjeet Kondal has used an application to create images of the new prince or princess. If he is right, the heir will have wispy blonde hair, dark brown eyes and a small nose when aged between two and four years old.
The gun was inside a hard rifle case and was 'secured properly' to a truck safe with padlocks and chains while the car was parked at the Marriott Springhill Suites. The agent's gear bag, backpack, and some clothing and tools were also stolen during the March 27 theft  .
Brynn Johnson lost her 17-month-old daughter Rowyn in September last year after Cassie Miller accidentally ran over the little girl with her car. The two women now run a charity called Raise for Rowyn to help other families who have experienced similar tragedies. The initiative has already raised enough money to help three families  .
The bill would prevent adolescents from smoking, buying or possessing both traditional and electronic cigarettes. Governor David Ige hasn't yet decided whether he will sign the bill and said he will not review it until it is vetted by his staff. The bill includes a $10 fine for first-time offenders. Subsequent violations would lead to mandatory community service.
Vandal smashed the front window of Foxtons Brixton branch in Brixton, South London. Thousands of people turned up for event organised by Reclaim Brixton group. They were demonstrating against rising house prices in the trendy area. One man has been arrested on suspicion of criminal damage and police used CS spray to disperse group. Organiser Cyndi Anaso said there could be a reason estate agents are 'continuously targeted'
Andreas Christopheros, 29, was left fighting for his life when corrosive liquid was thrown in his face. Nicole Phillips, 45, from Hastings in East Sussex, has been charged with perverting the course of justice. Her husband David Phillips, 48, has already been charged over the alleged attack in December.
Mohammad Ali Akhtar was only on his second shift at Premier Stores in Flixton, Greater Manchester. He was attacked by a raider who stormed in brandishing a large kitchen knife and demanded all the money from the till. The shopkeeper was stabbed in the ear and hand before the raider managed to flee empty-handed.
Dr Adrian Quarterman, of Dundee University, is working on a laser which will convert sun beams into energy. The satellites will orbit the earth, covered in mirrors to help it harvest sunlight and convert it into laser light. The energy it creates, using semi-conductors, can be shot back down to earth.
Valdosta State University found itself in the center of a controversy after a video shared on social media showed an Air Force veteran and former Playboy model, Michelle Manhart, taking an American flag from demonstrators who had walked on it to protest racism. At the protest, held a week ago, Manhart was detained by police when she refused to return the flag. The flag-walking demonstration involved three protesters, university spokesman Andy Clark said. Flag supporters gathered for a rally Friday afternoon in support of Manhart.
Boffins are currently working towards digitally recreating the cognitive abilities of the Apis Mellifera or European Honeybee. Their final aim is to build a robot that thinks, senses and acts just like the tiny insects .
Aaron Kaufman, the former chief technology officer of Blue Shield, has been accused of blowing thousands of dollars on vacations, hotel stays and lavish nights out with his girlfriend Tara Reid. Blue Shield claims he spent $17,491 on a vacation to Florida to see Reid and ran up a tab of $1,382 on drinks at a Hollywood nightclub. The company is seeking the money back as well as unspecified damages from Kaufman  .
BBC claimed plate, which read H982 FKL, was an 'unhappy coincidence' Maria Cristina Barrionuevo said they were deliberately 'provoking people' when they drove it through Argentina. She slammed their actions as 'arrogant and disrespectful' in report released earlier this week. Clarkson and his colleagues fled the South American country last year after convoy came under attack. A village of Falklands War veterans targeted the team as they drove through Patagonia   .
Simon Wood, 38, battled it out against Emma Spitzer and Tony Rodd in final. They were challenged to cook judges John Torode and Gregg Wallace a three-course meal in three hours   .
David Cameron will say the Tories are the party of opportunity for people from all backgrounds. He will also set out targets for ethnic minority recruitment designed to persuade voters the party is on their side. Claim will be seen as tacit endorsement of leadership ambitions of Sajid Javid.
The Mistley Thorn has been around for ten years, in the capable hands of Californian Sherri Singleton. Built as a coaching inn circa 1723, it offers award-winning dining and accommodation   .
Sabeen Mahmud and her mother, Mehnaz Mahmud, were shot as they stopped at a traffic light in Karachi. Her sandals remained in the footwell of her car, while the exterior of the white vehicle was left stained with her blood .
Manchester University in Indiana was on lockdown late Friday night after a 'likely prank call' about an armed person near the main administration building. Indiana State Police and a bomb squad responded to the incident, though left after deciding it should be investigated .
The global coffeehouse chain said in an update on its site that stores are expected to open for 'business as usual' Saturday. The company said earlier the outage affected 7,000 stores in the US and 1,000 in Canada. It did not explain exactly what caused the outage, which began Friday.
Far-Right supporters called the East Kent English Patriots supported Nigel Farage at an event in Broadstairs. They were led by Gary Field, a former regional organiser for the English Defence League. Mr Field, who has a criminal record for assault, drank beers behind a cordon with fellow members of his group and gestured to onlookers.
An Australian doctor is the face of the latest Islamic State propaganda video in which the terrorist organisation announces the launch of its own health service in Syria. The video shows a man with an Australian accent who calls himself 'Abu Yusuf' and calls on foreign doctors to travel to the ISIS stronghold Raqqa to help launch the ISHS. The vision shows Yusuf handling babies in a maternity ward while wearing western-style scrubs.
Bruce Jenner, 65, won Olympic gold in the men's decathlon in 1976. Since then, he has undergone numerous cosmetic procedures, from nose jobs to the shaving down of his Adam's apple, including a revisionary face lift. The former Playgirl cover hunk has been the subject of tabloid speculation that he is transitioning from being the picture of American manliness to a woman.
Portrait allegedly hanging in the home of SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon's husband, Peter Murrell. It depicts her as a dominatrix in a short red dress, black suspenders on display and whip in hand. She was given it as a birthday gift by her husband.
Lindsay Sandiford, 58, from Cheltenham, is on death row in Bali for smuggling cocaine. She broke down in tears last night when she learned her friend Andrew Chan was to be executed. The Australian drugs gang leader is expected to be shot this week along with eight other prisoners. Indonesia has vowed to kill all 58 foreign drug convicts.
A suicide bomber first attacked the convoy before militants opened fire, killing the commander of the Iraqi first division. A colonel and two lieutenant colonels also died in the attack in the Nadhem al-Taqseem region, north of Fallujah in the Anbar province.
In the latest video from the Elders React series on TheFineBros YouTube channel, the clueless men and women are given their first introduction to Snapchat with hilarious - and mixed – results. Many of the elders admit they have no idea what Snapchat is - never mind how to use it .
More than 10,000 Australians and New Zealanders gathered at the Anzac Commemorative Site to mark the 100th anniversary of the bloody Gallipoli landings. Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott, his New Zealand counterpart John Key, Prince Charles and Prince Harry are among those in attendance. Defence Force Chief Mark Binskin told of the horror the Anzacs were confronted with on the day they came ashore in Turkey .
Geoff Whitington, 63, from Ashford, Kent, was made so sick by obesity-related type 2 diabetes. His sons Anthony and Ian helped the father-of-four shed six stone and overhauled his health. Doctors say he is no longer diabetic.
The default password, 166816, is still being used by about 90 per cent of customers, researchers say. Hackers would need physical access to the devices, opening a panel of the device using a paperclip, to exploit it, according to the researchers.
Brian Williams was suspended in February amid allegations that he lied about being in a helicopter that was shot down in Iraq in 2003. NBC's committee is now looking at a February 2011 interview he gave to Jon Stewart about the Arab Spring in Egypt. He said he 'made eye contact' with a government soldier who was beating protesters .
Gordon Brown says SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon's answers on the issue are 'all evasion' But he says her party want 'chaos and constitutional crisis' at Westminster to force another referendum. Former prime minister urges 'patriotic Scots' to vote Labour .
Isidro Garcia, 41, will stand trial on charges of kidnapping and raping a 15-year-old girl that he went on to marry and live with for a decade. Authorities said the daughter of Garcia's live-in girlfriend told them he began fondling her shortly after she was brought from Mexico in 2004 to live with her mother in Santa Ana, California. Garcia later married and fathered a daughter with the girl, who is now 25, and lived with her until last year. Defense lawyer Charles Frisco said the girl left willingly with Garcia and fabricated the allegations after reconnecting last year with her sister on Facebook and attempting to win back.
Daniel Messel, 49, of Bloomington, was arrested after a police investigation and he is facing a preliminary charge of murder. Hannah Wilson's body was found on Friday in the rural area of Needmore, Indiana. Brown County Coroner Earl Piper said Wilson was struck three or four times in the back of the head with an unknown object, which was not found.
Sergio Gomez has been excavating a pre-Aztec pyramid in Teotihuacan, Mexico, for six years. Earlier this month he found 'large quantities' of liquid mercury in a chamber at the end of a sacred tunnel sealed for 1,800 years.
Queen placed 302nd on Sunday Times Rich List with a wealth of £340m, compared with 285th last year. Her assets have been dwarfed by hundreds of financiers and businessmen. Today the wealthiest 1,000 people based in Britain are collectively worth £547bn, up from £258bn in 2009. Len Blavatnik topped the list with a fortune of £13.17billion, followed by brothers Sri.
Amanda Goff, known to clients as Samantha X, is a former journalist who works as a high-class escort. The 40-year-old wrote a book, Hooked - Secrets of a High-Class Escort, about her experience. She said she received 'a torrent of abuse from the thinly pursed lips of apparently "better" mothers' The mother-of-two said her harshest critics were other mothers concerned with the 'life of misery' her children were expected to endure.
The nine-gram robots - built by mechanical engineers at Stanford University in California - can haul more than a kilogram up a vertical wall. They are so successful they could be used in emergencies, in factories or on construction sites in future.
Alondra Luna Nunez was mistakenly flown to Texas on April 16 after a judge in the western state of Michoacan ruled in favor of a Houston woman named Dorotea Garcia who believed she was her daughter. She was returned to her family in Mexico on Wednesday after DNA testing in the United States showed she was not the long-missing daughter. Video footage of Alondra being taken screaming by police circulated widely and attracted national and international attention to the case. The National Human Rights Commission has launched its own investigation .
Qatar's Constellation Hotels bought the 64 per cent stake in hotel company Coroin from billionaire brothers. It owns five-star offerings Claridge's, The Berkeley and The Connaught in London and Le Grand in Paris. Qatar's investment arm has been snapping up landmark buildings including The Shard, Harrods and One Canada Tower. Country also owns stakes in flagship British companies including Barclays and Sainsbury.
Susie Clark, of Evening Shade, Arkansas, found the 3.69-carat white diamond in a 37.5-acre search field on Thursday. Clark named the pinto-bean-sized, teardrop-shaped gem a 'hallelujah diamond' because she spotted the gem shortly after praying that she would find something.
Gable Tostee, 29, was sentenced to 10 months behind bars for dangerous driving offence in July. He was involved in an alcohol-fuelled chase with police across state borders after being four times over the legal limit for drink driving. The incident was two weeks before Warriena Tagpuno Wright, 26, fell to her death from his Surfers Paradise apartment balcony. Judge Martin Blackmore dismissed his appeal for early release after hearing he did not have access to his regular medication. The 29-year-old was on bail for the alleged murder of New Zealand woman when he was sentenced for the driving offence that occurred in Tweed Heads .
Patient being assessed in accordance with 'national risk assessment protocol' at Royal Victoria Hospital, Belfast. Public Health Agency confirmed the person had recently travelled in an area affected by the disease. Results expected to be known next week.
SBS football reporter Scott McIntyre took to social media to tweet 'inappropriate' comments on the day of the centenary services. McIntyre accused the Australian diggers of committing war crimes on the Gallipoli Peninsula in Turkey. The tweets were met with disgust by social media users who began the hashtag #sackScottMcIntyre which began trending on Twitter .
A 26-year-old surfer is in a critical condition after being attacked by a shark in Fishery Bay, Port Lincoln, in South Australia. The man has been identified as Chris Blowes and is fighting for his life in hospital. Witnesses have described the horrifying moment they saw the man being mauled by a Great White shark. Mr Blowes was surfing 350 metres offshore when he was attacked at 9.45am on Saturday.
LaTasha Gosling and her two daughters, Janyaa, 4, and Jenika, 8, and her son Landen, 7, were murdered early Wednesday. Her partner Steve O'Shaughnessy, 23, was found dead just hours later after taking his own life in Prince Albert, Canada. Police found the six-month-old baby daughter he shared with Gosling alive and unharmed . He sent photos of the bodies in a text message to the children's father the day before his birthday.
Sweet Cakes by Melissa, in the Portland suburb of Gresham, Oregon, was found guilty of discriminating against Rachel Bowman-Cryer and her wife Laurel in January 2013. Melissa Klein and her husband Aaron refused to make the couple a cake after learning that they were lesbians in January of that year because they disapprove of gay marriage for religious reasons. The Kleins were able to raise more than $100,000 from anonymous donors on a fundraising page before it was shut down for violating GoFundMe's terms of service. Oregon prohibits businesses from discriminating based on sexual orientation and the Christian bakers are were found guilty earlier this year. The bakery must pay up to $150,000 for the discrimination .
A woman had to be rescued from her car which had become submerged in flood waters at Zetland in Sydney's inner-east. The incident was just one of many flash flooding rescues that emergency services had attended from 4pm. Marble-sized hailstones pummelled multiple suburbs in Sydney and the Blue Mountains. Seven buildings collapsed in western Sydney after suffering damage from the storm. The Bureau of Meteorology issued a severe weather warning for Sydney, Wollongong and Blue Mountains just before 3:20pm. The storm hit at about 4:15pm.
Ron Ingraham, 67, spent 12 days adrift after getting caught in a storm on Thanksgiving. He was rescued in December after using a wire hanger to get a signal from his battered radio. But on Friday his boat ran aground on rocks near Hawaii's Lanai island. The Coast Guard is still looking for him, and his son has been notified .
Xie Xu, 18, carries his 19-year-old classmate Zhang Chi to school each day. Zhang suffers from muscular dystrophy, a condition that weakens skeletal muscle. Xie, who stands at 1.73 meters tall and weighs 75 kilos, carries him.
The Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim are willing to pay almost $70million for Josh Hamilton to play in Texas. The 33-year-old outfielder still has about $83million left on the five-year $125million deal he signed with the Angels in 2012. The Rangers are only willing to paying around $15million to Hamilton and do not want to give up any players in a trade .
Craig 'Lazie' Lynch is serving nine years in Bedford Prison for a series of violent gang robberies. Former friend says he is earning huge profits from websites selling legal highs. Use of mobile phones is strictly forbidden.
Fred Pagan, 49, is office manager and personal assistant to Sen. Thad Cochran (R-MS) Police seized 181.5 grams of date rape drug GBL at his home on April 9. He was paid $160,000 in his Senate role last year and has worked for Cochran since he was 16.
The 4,180-passenger Anthem Of The Seas is Royal Caribbean's second Quantum-class liner. Passengers have rubber wristbands fitted with electronic chips, which can be pressed against sensors. The 375 interior staterooms have sea views.
The 31-year-old pop leviathan has amassed a fortune of £70 million since bursting onto the scene eight years ago. Last year alone he earned £45 million, making him comfortably the best paid DJ on the planet. In 2008 he stormed the stage at an X Factor stage performance to protest what he called the programme's obsession with fame    .
Photographer Yener Torun sought to challenge the one dimensional view of the changing city of Istanbul. The 32-year-old spends his time wandering around the city looking for bold, geometric buildings to photograph  .
Tracey Woodford, 47, was last seen by her family at 12.45pm on April 21 in Rhydyfelin, Wales. She was reported missing the next day and her body was discovered with 'massive injuries' on Friday afternoon. Man named locally as Christopher May, 50, has been arrested on suspicion of murder. Police have been given an extra 36 hours to question the suspect .
Prime Minister accidentally urged audience to support West Ham during speech in Croydon yesterday. He later admitted he'd suffered a 'brain fade' during the election campaign address. Cameron has always claimed to be an Aston Villa fan and has been a fan since his teens  .
Surgical unit at St Mary's Hospital, London, has not accepted new patients in more than a week. Eight patients found to be carrying carbapenemase-producing enterobacteriaceae, or CPE. The antibiotic-resistant bacteria can cause potentially fatal infections in the bloodstream and urine   .
Coke has switched all the lids on its 500ml bottles to red to 'help make consumers aware of the full choice available to them' Fans have taken to Twitter to express their discontent at the changes. Coke Zero and reduced sugar Coke Life also have scarlet tops with red lids.
Four members of the Royals and three from the White Sox were punished for their roles in a series-opening brawl and six of the players drew suspensions. Royals pitcher Yordano Ventura was handed a seven-game suspension, fellow starter Edinson Volquez given five games and outfielder Lorenzo Cain and reliever Kelvin Herrera got two games apiece. White Sox pitchers Chris Sale and Jeff Samardzija were suspended five games each, while catcher Tyler Flowers escaped suspension but joined the others in getting an undisclosed fine.
Ed Miliband accused of trying to make political capital from the Mediterranean tragedy. Labour leader claimed the crisis was 'in part a direct result' of PM's Libya policy . Senior Conservatives said he was effectively 'accusing the PM of murder' in a 'desperate campaign'
Sebastiano Quagliata and his wife, Valbona Lucaj, pleaded no contest to owning a dangerous dog causing death in the fatal mauling last summer of Craig Sytsma of Livonia, Michigan. The father-of-three was bitten eight times by two hundred-pound cane corsos while jogging in Metamora Township .
Royal Caribbean's Splendour of the Seas will be transformed by Thomson next summer. Magellan, ‘new flagship’ of the Cruise & Maritime fleet, recently christened in Tilbury. P&O's smallest cruise ship, Adonia .
Cosmo Australia editor Bronwyn McCahon says she regrets that her magazine didn't more thoroughly investigate Belle Gibson before presenting her with its Fun Fearless Female Award last year. But she says the award - given to inspiring women in times of 'triumph and adversity' - won't be taken off Ms Gibson. 'If we knew then what we know now, we would never have awarded her,' she said. Gibson created a social media empire and The Whole Pantry movement on the story of her remarkable cancer survival .
Deposed former mayor Lutfur Rahman's deputy Oliur Rahman insists there is deep-rooted racism in Tower Hamlets. His comment was at odds with a devastating legal ruling that condemned his predecessor for bribery and ballot fraud. The two men – who are not related – are both members of the Tower Hamlet First party. Political opponents say they are playing same game.
Grace Mann, 20, was found dead in her rented home in Fredericksburg, Virginia, last week. Her third roommate, Steven Vander Briel, 30, has been charged with first degree murder. Mann's parents, local judge Thomas Mann and his wife Melissa, paid tribute to their daughter in a brief interview .
Tourist police officers Samuel Kvarzell, Markus Asberg, Eric Jansberger and Erik Naslund halted a fight between two homeless men on the Uptown 6 train this Wednesday. A video of the selfless act then surfaced and has spread on social media, gaining them attention from hoards of fans, both male and female. Officials from the United States and Sweden have praised their brave efforts and they are set to return home.
Leslie Roy, 52, and Lee Marie Wright, 56, had been visiting relatives in Ishpeming, Michigan, and were planning to head south April 11. They had a reservation at a hotel in Mackinaw City but never showed up. Instead, they were entombed in snow on a remote used road with eight boxes of Girl Scout cookies and a bag of cheese.
The avalanche buried part of base camp, raising fears for the safety of hundreds of climbers. A number of Britons are among those who have not been heard from since the quake. Sebastian Lovera, 22, a qualified skiing and diving instructor, from Tonbridge, Kent, is among those missing. Laura Wood, 23, from Huddersfield, West Yorkshire is missing.
The girl's parents are divorced, and her father accused his ex-wife of 'abusing her parental discretion' by taking their daughter to the December 2013 concert at the Prudential Center in Newark, New Jersey. The mother admitted to being a 'little on guard' about taking her daughter, but that the girl was 'dying to go', so the mom looked up clips of the show on YouTube and deemed them age-appropriate.
Jenner said 'I've always been on the more conservative side' when asked about LGBT issues. He also said that he still considers himself a heterosexual, discussed his faith and said he was a Christian. 'I would sit in church and always wonder, "In God’s eyes, how does he see me?"
Office furniture company Steelcase designed the Brody WorkLounge to provide privacy in an open office setting. The seating will be available for purchase in late August starting at $2,700. The design is based on the Cognitive Neuroscience Karolinska Institute's work on flow - a state of deep concentration.
Steven Davis, 57, of Milton, Massachusetts, believes his sister, Debra Davis, was killed by Whitey Bulger in 1981. Debra was the girlfriend of Bulger's second-in-command, Stephen 'The Rifleman' Flemmi, who testified at his murder trial in 2013. Davis said the film glamorizes Bulger, who was an FBI informant from 1975 to 1990. Black Mass is based on the 2001 book Black Mass .
Samantha Wills, from Williamstown in South Australia, welcomed the joey dubbed 'Crash' into her family after he was thrown from his mother’s pouch when she was hit by a car. Wally the wallaby lives a comfortable life with the Wills family and even attends most of their social events. Suzie Nellist from Queensland also has a kangaroo.
Crowds left fuming after Ivy nightclub played loud dance music during the minute's silence. A contractor doing a sound check inside the exclusive club is believed to have turned the music on. Many of those in the record crowd of 30,000 took to Twitter to express their anger at the club interrupting the silence .
Angela Merkel calls for new EU system that distributes asylum-seekers based on population and economic strength. Calls for the current rules, known as the Dublin regulations, to be scrapped. Comes as Europe struggles with the growing refugee crisis in the Mediterranean in recent days .
Children are more likely to engage in risky behaviour when carers are distracted, study finds. Researchers observed children aged 18 months to five at playgrounds in New York. They measured factors such as adult's level of engagement with child and how distracted they seemed.
Peter Moore was shocked after receiving the document from HM Revenue and Customs last week. Letter was addressed to 'representative' of Peter William John Moore and apologised for family's 'recent bereavement' Pottery factory worker demanded apology.
On Friday, Senator Rand Paul shared a Snapchat video of himself learning how to play poker from the infamous 'King of Instagram' Dan Blizerian. The 10-second video, obtained by Daily Caller reporter Kaitlin Collins, is titled ‘Lessons from Dan Bliserian’. The two men were playing Liar's Poker - a game where players use dollars bills instead of cards and track the serial numbers on the banknotes. The pair were playing with $100 bills .
Footage captured on a CCTV camera near an office in Shimla, India, shows the playful monkey first jumping onto a ledge to watch pedestrians wander past before launching itself at him.
Felix David, 24, was being arrested at a halfway house for the mentally ill in New York City's East Village. He was shot in the chest by officers during the 1.45pm incident and later died  .
Incident happened at Tashkent airport, the largest international airport in Uzbekistan. Bus ploughed into the engine of the Boeing 777 passenger jet. It is unknown if the engine was damaged or if anyone was injured in the collision.
The two members of the Navy's elite sea, air, land teams were found at the bottom of the pool by another service member. The names of the SEALS were withheld pending notification of next of kin, a Navy spokesman said.
Paul Shorter had a series of liaisons with the schoolgirl at Rydens School in Hersham, Surrey. The 31-year-old kissed the teenager after class and groped her in his car in a 'serious breach of trust' . Married father-of-one admitted two counts of sexual activity with a child and sexual activity by a person in a position of trust at Guildford Crown Court .
Bulgarians love their traditional music and have a TV channel devoted to it. Many villages hold festivals in the way that English villages stage fetes . The Yagodina cave system in the Rhodope Mountains was the result of an earthquake .
Linda Thompson, now 64, met Bruce at the Playboy mansion when he was separated from his first wife, Chrystie Crownover, the mother of his two eldest children. They fell in love and got married in Hawaii when she was already pregnant with their son Brandon. A few years later they welcomed a second son together, Brody. But when Brody was 18 months old and Brandon was three, Bruce revealed to Linda the secret that he finally told the world Friday night. With a 'somber look' Bruce told Linda - who had braced herself for the revelation of perhaps an affair - that he identified as a woman. She was, she insists, blindsided.
Colin Shearing, 70, failed to turn up to court yesterday to be sentenced for indecent assault. He was convicted of indecent assault and given a week on bail to 'put his personal matters in order' But court heard that he had crossed the Channel and booked a room at the Hotel des Nation in Paris .
The Royal Family led tributes to those who fought and fell in the ill-fated offensive. The day began in London with a dawn ceremony at Wellington Arch on Hyde Park Corner. Later the Queen led the nation during a ceremony at the Cenotaph in Whitehall .
1st Lt Michael Alonso and 1st Lt Lantz Balthazar have been charged in cases stemming from an investigation that led to the disclosure last year of a separate exam-cheating scandal. One of their fellow missile officers who was a target of the same investigation pleaded guilty to illegal drug use in January and was kicked out of the service. Their cases will be reviewed at Article 32 hearings.
Liverpool lost to Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Sunday . Brendan Rodgers is set for his third season without a trophy after losing to Villa. The Reds boss has spent more than £200million since taking charge in June 2012 . Rodgers has signed 22 players, but only seven of those can be considered a success . Liverpool have spent less than rivals Tottenham, who have won nothing .
John Doyle, 79, was helping two 12-year-old girls cross the road to school in Timperley, Greater Manchester. Genti Rustemi, 45, drove over the crossing point without slowing and attacked the grandfather. Mr Doyle was left with a punctured lung and a broken rib after being punched in the chest. Rustemi escaped jail after admitting assault causing actual bodily harm.
Married mother-of-two Sian Harkin, 54, abused her position of authority by signing cheques totalling £30,000. Claimed the money was to be used to build a rain shelter for waiting parents at Llwyncelyn Primary School. But the proposed work never materialised and work was carried out at her home. Harkin skipped procedures and instead issued cheques, even forging deputy head's name.
Gareth Bale is joined by seven current Premier League players as well as three outfielders and a manager still plugging away in the Football League. Kasper Schmeichel has been named in three Football League Team(s) of the Season and has promotions from League Two and the Championship.
Luke Shaw joined Manchester United for £28million from Southampton in the summer. The 19-year-old has struggled to live up to his price tag at Old Trafford. Shaw has started seeing a psychologist in recent weeks as he comes to terms with his move .
Rebecca Rice, 16, had tried everything to calm her nerves ahead of her French GCSE oral exam. The only thing that made her feel comfortable was her 11-year-old dog Holly, her teacher said. Staff at Bodmin College in Cornwall have worked with pupils to help.
Capital One yesterday became the first provider to scrap cashback offer for new customers. Comes after announcement of EU cap limiting fees retailers can be charged for processing payments. Company has also warned existing customers loyalty points they earn will be much lower from June 1. Financial experts believe other firms.
Adriana Alvarez, 22, says that even with assistance from food stamps, Medicaid, and a child care subsidy, she is barely getting by, despite having worked for McDonald's for five years. Alvarez is a leader with Fight For $15, an international movement to raise minimum wage laws and acquire the right to unionize. The mother revealed in a column for Refinery29 that the first thing she would do with an increased wage would be to find a 'decent place to live' with good schools for her three-year-old son.
Derby beat Blackpool 3-0 in their Championship clash at the iPro Stadium. Craig Bryson opened the scoring for the hosts in the third minute. Tom Ince doubled Derby's lead in the 28th minute. Darren Bent added a third in the second half .
Edward Moore, 24, was assistant director of music at King Edward's School in Witley, Surrey. He had consensual sex with 16-year-old student in his office after she told him she had been abused by another teacher. Moore, from Ascot, Berkshire, was jailed for nine months on Friday after admitting two counts of abusing a position of trust. He was also found guilty of sexual activity with a girl aged 13 to 17 years .
John Caudwell, founder of Phones4U, bought the Audley Street garage in Mayfair for £155million in 2011. New apartment block will contain five townhouses, three penthouses, a mews home and 21 luxury flats. Each townhouse and penthouse will have its own gym and swimming pool, as well as dedicated lifts. But it could face trouble getting planning permission as VIP neighbours may object to building works .
Freddie Sears opened the scoring for Ipswich after eight minutes with a low finish. Eoin Doyle equalised for Cardiff five minutes later after Scott Malone's cross was headed in by Scott Malone. Cole Skuse made it 2-1 with his first Ipswich goal .
West Brom chairman Jeremy Peace is hoping to sell the club for between £150million and £200million. Groups from America, Australia and the Far East are believed to be interested in buying the Baggies in July .
Bristol City became the first side in the Football League to win promotion from League One. James Tavernier opened the scoring with a brace before Joe Bryan doubled Bristol's lead. Luke Ayling, Aden Flint, Aaron Wilbraham and Joe Bryan also scored.
West Brom chairman Jeremy Peace is open to offers for the Midlands club. Owner Peace is understood to want between £150million and £200million for the club. There is interest from groups from America, Australia and China. Tony Pulis insists he has been told takeover will not drag on.
Thor Dalhaug died an hour after birth following a difficult delivery during which he suffered fatal brain damage due to a doctor’s errors, ruled Stuart Fisher, senior coroner for Central Lincolnshire. He said an unsupervised junior surgeon tried to deliver the baby using forceps in an 'unorthodox and unacceptable' way.
North Sentinel Island belongs to India and remains an enigma, despite being populated for 60,000 years. It is too dangerous to approach them due to their hostility to outsiders, meaning they are rarely photographed up close. When they do interact with outsiders, it usually involves violence - the indigenous Sentinelese tribe killed two men who were fishing illegally in 2006 and have been known to fire arrows and fling rocks at low-flying planes.
The drug plus chemotherapy has now been licensed by European regulators. Patients will have access via the Cancer Drugs Fund (CDF) until it is considered for routine NHS use. Each year an estimated 600 women with advanced cervical cancer could benefit from Avastin .
Scientists in Colorado have found evidence for a new solar season cycle. Every two years it appears 'bands' of magnetic field move to the surface of the sun. This combines with the existing 11-year solar cycle, causing even more powerful coronal mass ejections (CMEs)
Protein World's billboard campaign features a svelte bikini-clad model asking 'Are you beach body ready?' Campaigners launched a scathing attack on the protein supplement company after the advert began appearing on the London Underground three weeks ago. The 'body shaming' campaign has seen many of its posters defaced with feminist slogans. More than 50,000 people sign a petition to have them removed and a demonstration planned for this weekend. The Advertising Standards Authority has received 277 complaints.
Philip Gigante's grandfather Vincent 'The Chin' Gigante was the head of the Genovese crime family. He was elected into the positions by residents of Airmont, New York. The Republican real-estate lawyer will get $25,000 a year for the part time job. Hopes his 'achievements and accomplishments' are what constituents notice .
Dina Amos-Larkin was attending a four-day sports festival in Salou, Spain when she fell while talking to her mother. The 21-year-old law student, who represents Great Britain at trampolining, was in a medically-induced coma for two weeks. Authorities initially said the fall, from a fourth floor balcony, was a suicide bid.
A Queensland man was shocked when he discovered his delivery from five kilometres away had been on 2000km journey. The man, who only gave his name as Chris, ordered some computer equipment be delivered from Griffith University at Nathan in Brisbane’s south .
Harry the ginger tom was hit by a police car near Tony Hunt's home in Derby, Derbyshire. Officers involved knocked on a neighbour's door and asked for a black bin bag. A witness said he saw them 'scoop Harry up and place him in the bag in the boot of the car' before taking him to hospital.
More than 100 sailboats and as many as 200 people were participating in the Dauphin Island regatta in Mobile Bay. The storm rolled through the area about 4 p.m. and a man was plucked from the waters by the Coast Guard around 9 p.M. The Coast Guard said crews would search through the night. 'We knew we were totally lost at sea,' said regatta participant Rhonda Morgan Gilreath .
Jisr al-Shughour was captured by a terrorist alliance that includes al-Qaeda affiliates Al-Nusra and other groups of Islamist militants. The eight-minute video appears to be narrated by a British fighter who travelled from the UK to join the fight in Syria. WARNING: GRAPH.
The 77-year-old wrote the letters from his bed at Ashworth psychiatric hospital in Merseyside. He was jailed for life in 1966 after torturing and killing five children with Myra Hindley. Brady murdered five children between 1963 and 1965 along with accomplice Hindley, who died in 2002. Victims were lured to their deaths, sexually tortured and buried .
Gibraltar could be the new home of Britain's nuclear submarines if SNP succeeds in ridding Scotland of Trident. SNP want to eject Trident from Scotland, but both the Conservatives and Labour have committed to retaining base. Move could cost £3billion and take 10 years.
The latest Costa will open on the site of the former Dedworth Road HSBC branch. Less than 500 yards away is a Costa which replaced a cycle shop earlier this year. Planners said there was no legal reason to refuse.
New NHS guidelines urge GPs to draw up end-of-life plans for over-75s and younger patients. They are also being told to ask if patient wants doctors to try to resuscitate them if health suddenly deteriorates. NHS says the guidance will improve patients' end of life care but medical professionals say it's wrong.
Duke and Duchess of Cambridge expected to give birth at St Mary's Hospital in Paddington, central London. The royal's baby is expected before the end of April - with the due date initially reported as yesterday. Kate, 33, may have already spoken to doctors about the possibility of being induced, it was claimed today by a source .
Perry Clawson, a retired Army colonel, set up camp outside the Zeta Beta Tau frat house in Gainesville, Florida. He said the members had 'p*****d off' servicemen across the country with their actions. He was one of many veterans to respond to unedifying allegations that frat members had abused soldiers attending the Warrior Beach vacation retreat in Panama City Beach.
Tayler Chaice Buzbee was forced to make an emergency appointment at an Aspen Dental facility in Alabama on Friday morning after developing agonizing toothache which would not go away. After calling the dentist's office, she was informed that the only available appointment was in just 20 minutes - meaning she had no time to find a babysitter for her infant son, Attley. Instead, Tayler was assured by employees that she could bring her baby to the facility. Midway through the appointment, Attly started to create a fuss .
Simon Wood, 38, from Oldham, won Masterchef last Friday. Everything he knows about cooking is self-taught - he hasn't been on a single cookery course or even had one lesson. He learned from reading recipe books and watching TV shows to improve his skills.
London Mayor launches personal assault on rival on BBC's Andrew Marr Show this morning. Claims Miliband will do 'more damage to the country than he did to his brother' But Miliband laughs off attack, saying: 'Come on Boris, you're better than that' Labour leader insists he will not make deals with SNP to become Prime Minister. Tories accused of 'descending into the gutter'
Former FBI Director Louis Freeh was involved in a car crash last summer in Vermont. He was driving near his summer home in Barnard, Vermont when he lost control of his vehicle and hit a tree. Freeh severed an artery in one of his legs and would have bled to death in just 60 seconds. Current FBI director James Comey and Vermont Senator Patrick Leahy spoke about the accident for the first time last week, during an appearance at Chaplain College .
272 youngsters left disabled by Foetal Alcohol Syndrome were hospitalised in England over the past 12 months. World Health Organisation suggests at least one in 100 babies born in the UK could suffer learning, behavioural and physical problems .
Max Azria's home is spread across three acres in Holmby Hills, one of the three affluent neighborhoods that makes up the city's 'Platinum Triangle' Visitors to the sprawling home are first greeted by a floor-to-ceiling waterfall chandelier made up of 150,000 crystals. There are 17 bedrooms to choose from and 60 rooms to explore, and that's not even counting the guesthouse and movie theater .
Six dancers filmed twerking in front of Malaya Zemlya monument in Novorossiysk, southern Russia. Two of the women jailed for ten days and a third for 15 days for 'erotic and sexual twerk dance' . Two others escaped with fines, while sixth dancer escaped punishment as she was under 16  .
A new video created by Oprah Winfrey's OWN TV reveals just what's happening in a child's mind when they become angry. Mindfulness has become the latest buzzword when it comes to dealing with stress .
Estate agents in London offering higher 'Cameron price' and lower 'Miliband price' for same property. Labour leader Ed Miliband has pledged to introduce mansion tax on homes worth over £2m. Annual levy will hit homes worth more than £3m to raise money.
BBC admits it 'occasionally' runs out of meeting rooms in its £1billion New Broadcasting House. Corporation spent £47,198 on booking external spaces nearby during last financial year. Meeting rooms include De Vere's West One business centre and Langham.
Broccoli chemical sulforaphane is known to block the inflammation and damage to cartilage associated with arthritis. But patients would have to eat several pounds of the vegetable every day to derive significant benefit. Chemical too unstable to turn into medicine.
Adele McKenzie was devastated to learn the bridal company she had paid $1,000 to for her dress had closed down. She was one of around 140 brides who received the same ‘generic’ email informing them their dream dresses may not be coming, some of them with weddings only weeks away. The brides-to-be banded together to create a Facebook page that would allow them to 'connect' and 'support each other' through the confusing time.
Alaska State Troopers say 49-year-old Eligah Christian was taken into custody Friday after mashing the bulky vehicle into several patrol cars. He was being sought on a $100,000 warrant on charges of scheming to defraud, 15 counts of theft and 21 counts of issuing bad checks   .
David Cameron will put small business at the heart of the election campaign today. He will appeal to small firms and the self-employed, saying while Labour sneers at those who work hard, his party backs them. PM has faced criticism over a campaign lacking in passion.
Researchers at the University of Bristol quizzed 40 heterosexual male and female students. They asked them to rate the attractiveness of three groups of people: sober, tipsy and drunk. Tipsy people who had downed one large 250ml glass of 14 per cent wine voted 'most attractive'
The average Briton eats four servings of cheese a week. Cheddar is Britain's most popular cheese with 80% of us choosing it over French Brie. Mozzarella is our second favourite.
Dr Alex Zhavoronkov, an anti-ageing expert, believes medical advances will lead to longer life expectancy. He is following a strict regime of regular exercise combined with drugs and supplements and regular health checks.
Sydney couple Sharon and Mike Tierney set aside one evening per month for mutual grooming. Sharon, 45, trims her husband's eyebrows, waxes his nostrils and even grooms his pubic hair. Mike, 40, waxs her underarms, legs, upper lip and chin and can even perform a Brazilian wax. The pair began their mutual grooming regime 13 years ago .
ESPN's First Take anchor Stephen A. Smith is under fire for claiming that Floyd Mayweather Jr.'s boxing career should be looked at independently from his domestic violence history. Mayweather has been convicted twice for domestic violence, according to the New York Post. Smith received a one-week suspension last year for claiming women can play a role in provoking men into violence. He was suspended for nine months for saying women should not be victim-blamed.
David Cameron claims Scottish nationalists 'don't want the country to succeed' in General Election. He said SNP would prop up minority Labour administration to bring forward its dream of independence. But Danny Alexander accuses PM of 'playing with fire' by stirring up ill-feeling between Scotland and England. Warns come as polls indicate neck and neck.
Diana is the favourite option for baby if it is a girl, according to a YouGov survey. Alice and Charlotte were next in terms of preference, getting nine per cent of the vote each. Many Brits are hoping for a baby princess .
The 41-year-old mother-of-two has battled back from injury to take part in the 26.2 mile race in the capital. She will be presented with the inaugural John Disley Lifetime Achievement award in honour of her achievements. Paula has won the London Marathon three times, including in 2003 in record time .
Madison Hurd, 16, was hospitalized on Monday with what was initially thought to be a stomach bug that turned into sepsis, a life-threatening complication of an infection. Nurses spent their day off doing Hurd's nails, makeup and hair, getting music and a cake, and decorating her room with streamers and balloons. They even made sure the decorations matched the Great Gatsby-themed dance Hurd had been planning and organizing for the last year with her student council.
Zoe O'Connell lives in a three-way lesbian relationship with her two canvassers Sarah Brown and Sylvia Knight. The 37-year-old, who used to be a man, is standing for the Lib Dems in Maldon, Essex. She is using her personal life at the forefront of campaign.
After five customers reported having 'thermal incidents', Holden issued a stop delivery notice to car dealers and urged owners of the Holden Colorado- SUV or ute- to have their cars checked out immediately. The models said to be affected were made in Thailand between September 2013 and January 2015. This latest safety issue makes Holden the most recalled brand.
Oil painting was believed to be the work of a follower of 16th century renaissance master El Greco. But the selling price suggests it may have been done by the artist himself. It was acquired by the owner's late father in the 1970s for very little. He bought it because he believed it was a depiction of Saint Peter, who shares his name.
The yellow Protein World ad features a bikini-clad Renee next to text reading 'ARE YOU BEACH BODY READY?' The sight of the 24-year-old's toned figure has caused a stir among some feminists and body image campaigners. Online fitness store Protein World claim that the image is entirely unPhotoshopped.
Professor Stephen Hawking appeared at the Sydney Opera House on Saturday night as a 3D hologram. He was asked about the cosmological effect of former One Direction singer Zayn Malik leaving the boy band. But he came up with an explanation that would satisfy every One Direction fan. 'My advice to any heartbroken young girl is to pay close attention to the study of theoretical physics because one day there may well be proof'
Shops are full of red dresses this year, so should you be tempted to trade in your LBD for an LRD? It's a colour that radiates energy and sexiness, but that can all be wrecked if the style doesn't suit you.
The Strongsville, Ohio woman was left 'looking uncomfortable' as she sat in her unventilated Nissan Sentra with the windows up and ignition off. Last year, Shelly Nicholas in New Mexico was told to sit in her car after her dog was found locked inside with no ventilation in 90 degree heat .
The illegal animal traders had kept the terrified three-year-old in the box for two weeks. The men had been trying to find a buyer on the lucrative black market. They were stopped at a check point trying to cross into Sierra Leone.
Intrepid Travel cancels all bookings to Nepal until May 11 while rescue operation continues. British Foreign Office has advised tourists to check with their travel provider before heading to Nepal. Nepal expert warns tourists to expect 'frenze' after the disaster. Trailfinders advise against travelling to Nepal in the next couple of days .
A man driving to work in Alabama suddenly noticed his stolen pickup truck following him last week. That set off a chain of events that included a deputy's pursuit, a crash, and an arrest. A man contacted police Friday after noticing he was driving in front of the truck that had been stolen from him earlier that morning near Piedmont, Calhoun County Chief Deputy Matthew Wade said .
David Duane Watson, a 46-year-old Tucson firefighter, was arrested without incident Saturday on charges he killed his ex-wife, Linda Watson, 35, in 2000. Police say the murder was motivated by a custody dispute over their daughter Jordynn Watson. Three years later, they say Mr. Watson murdered Linda's mother Marilyn Cox, 63, as she tried to gain visitation rights over the girl in 2003. Cox and her neighbor Renee Farnsworth, 53, were shot dead in the driveway of Linda Watson's home in a drive-by shooting three years after Linda's murder .
The Prime Minister was giving a campaign speech in south London when he made the gaffe. He joked that everyone should back his team – but then named West Ham instead of the West Midlands giants. Mr Cameron said he had been 'overcome by something', adding: 'I don't know what happened to me' He said he became a Villa fan after watching the team beat Bayern Munich in the 1982 European Cup final as a child.
Labour leader insists he will not enter into any deal with the SNP to become Prime Minister. But SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon says he 'won't have the votes to say he is going to do what he likes come what may' Latest polls show Labour on course for heavy losses in Scotland - where it won 41 seats in 2010. SNP could see as many as 50 MPs elected in Scotland, according to forecasts. David Cameron says he made 'no apology' for attacks.
Karla Hornby thought she was going to die when she gave birth to baby Freddie by emergency caesarean section. She was on holiday in Benidorm with partner Jordan Jackson when she suddenly went into labour. The couple have now been told they will have to stay for three months.
Chris Blowes is fighting for his life after being mauled by a Great White shark in South Australia. The 26-year-old is in a critical condition in intensive care at the Royal Adelaide hospital. The attack took place at Fishery Bay in Port Lincoln National Park at 9.45am on Saturday. Friends have begun to send their love and support .
A film crew shooting the documentary Lair of the Megashark were just off New Zealand's Stewart Island when they attempted to put a camera on the dorsal fin of the massive ocean predator. The men can be seen panicking as the great white uses it's strong jaws and tail to shake the boat, causing it to sway dangerously. Images of the footage have been posted online .
Ukip leader Nigel Farage is suffering from a recurring spinal injury and is on medication. He has also pledged to be 'gone within 10 minutes' if he fails to win Thanet South seat. Suzanne Evans said she would step in if he asked her to 'carry on the mantle'
George Clooney and Amal Alamuddin tied the knot at the Aman Canal Grande in Venice in 2014. The couple's wedding celebrations lasted over the course of a whole weekend and were at some of the city's most exclusive venues. The Belmond Hotel Cipriani is on the island of Giudecca and offers spectacular views .
Aurora movie theater shooter James Holmes studied brain disorders as a doctoral student before he killed 12 people and injured 70 more in one of America's deadliest mass shootings. The prosecution is trying to prove that Holmes was not mentally ill and knew exactly what he was doing the night of July 20, 2012. If the 12 final jurors, chosen from a pool of 9,000, decide he was mentally ill, he will be committed indefinitely .
The Hudsonian Godwit was spotted at the Shapwick Heath in Somerset and drew scores of bird watchers. It is believed the large shorebird - that was heading to its breeding grounds in Canada and Alaska - was last seen.
Marble-sized hailstones, some up to 2cm in diameter, pummelled multiple suburbs in Sydney's east and west on ANZAC Day. Seven buildings collapsed in western Sydney after they were damaged by the storm, with Fire and Rescue crews still working to assess damage. A woman had to be rescued from her car which had become trapped in flood waters following Saturday's severe storms . The storm was the result of an East Coast Low, which is also known as an extratropical cyclone. This type of storm has always occurred in Australia, passing through every few years, one scientist said .
Security is being increased at other airports in Southern California because of a 'known threat' from ISIS. Officials found out earlier that ISIS called for attacks on uniformed personnel as part of a possible terror plot. No arrests have been made so far.
Mark-Francis Vandelli is the son of a multimillionaire industrialist and model . The 26-year-old has been collecting watches since his teens. His most expensive watch is a Cartier white gold Moonphase, which he bought from a shop on Sloane Street.
PM vows to continue focussing on bread-and-butter issues like jobs, business and childcare. He said: 'I make no apologies for focusing hard on that which is central to everything' Comes amid claims senior Tory figures are already planning to make Boris Johnson the next leader if the Tories lose .
Radio 1's Chart Show has been branded a 'banal failure' by one of the most respected voices in broadcasting. Veteran presenter Paul Gambaccini has blasted the BBC for destroying the Top 40 show by employing 'ignorant' DJs.
Your hands give clues to what is sometimes called ‘brain sex’ - the way your brain reflects your gender. Some skills and interests are considered more typically male, and occur more commonly in men. Others are described as more typically female, and are more commonly found in women. SBS One series Horizon examines links between gender and the brain.
Labour's Chuka Umunna said Ukip 'hates modern Britain' and is infected with 'virus of racism' Shadow business secretary said Nigel Farage had 'a problem with race' following his remarks last about 'fully black' and 'half black'
Massimo Vian, one of the heads of Luxottica, said his team was looking to improve on the Internet-connected device. Google stopped selling the first version and shut its pre-launch Explorer program earlier this year.
More than 1,000 passengers joined a haphazard 1km-long queue outside Tribhuwan International Airport. Crowds had started to form outside the building as darkness fell on Saturday night. Many visitors had already booked return journeys but had crowded outside the airport in the hope of boarding the next available flight back to India. Others had been left stranded after some flights out of the capital city were cancelled due to the quake.
Earthquakes of similar magnitude can have bigger effects on different parts of the globe because of the manner of building construction and population density. This is the fifth significant earthquake in Nepal in the last 205 years, including a massive one in 1934 that levelled the city of Kathmandu. Experts claim its shoddy infrastructure and poor building standards make the country less equipped to deal with major incidents. On Sunday evening the death toll had crept up to 2,500 people across four countries, with hundreds still missing .
Chelsea Bruck, 22, was last seen in Frenchtown Township, Michigan, while dressed as Poison Ivy. Her body was found Friday on a 13-acre private property near a heavily-wooded site close to train tracks. The cause of death could take up to a month to be determined due to advanced decomposition .
Abby Lubiewski was born with Hallerman-Streiff, a rare genetic syndrome that resulted in congenital cataracts. She can only perceive light and dark when she's not wearing her specs and 'has no vision at all without her glasses' Her mother Amanda was outraged when she found out her daughter was forced to take off her thick glasses for a school portrait. LifeTouch School Photography has apologized and will re-take Abby's school picture for free on Monday .
Danny Nickerson, 6, was diagnosed with Diffuse Intrinsic Pontine Glimoma in October 2013. Last July, his request for a 'box of cards' for his sixth birthday went viral. He received more than 150,000 cards from around the world and received more mail in one day than the rest of the town combined. On Friday, his mother Carley Nickerson wrote that her 'precious sweet boy earned his angel wings' .
Two-year-old Tommy Cox from Colchester, Essex, looks very similar to Prince George of Cambridge. His mother Kate and father Paul are regularly stopped by people who want their photograph taken with him. Mrs Cox, 35, first noticed the similarities between Tommy and the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's son.
Island of Lesbos was the Magaluf of its day, and a capital for sex tourism. In Ancient Greek world, the word 'lesbian' actually meant a woman performing an intimate sex act on a man. In 2008, residents of the island lost a legal fight to ban the term  .
The Dharahara Tower, which was built in 1832, was a UNESCO World Heritage Site until its destruction this weekend. More than 2,500 people died as buildings collapsed in Nepal's capital Kathmandu and nearby city of Pokyy, and Mount Everest .
Kurdish doctors are allegedly performing illegal abortions on Yazidi girls who have been released from ISIS captivity. They are seeking hymen surgery to 'reverse the loss of virginity' on the victims. Yazidi women who have escaped now face being shunned by strict religious community.
Sarah, 36, and Mark Brennan, 35, from south Wales, never gave up hope of becoming parents. Last September they defied doctors to have Eryn, who was born seven weeks early, weighing just 3lb 11oz   .
Grimes Cottage is a heritage-listed 1830s Colonial Georgian residence with three storeys and six bedrooms. The 416sqm inner city block property boasts stunning views of the Sydney Harbour bridge from the front lacework terrace. Whaling captain George Grimes built the home along with a row of early 1840s terraces depicted in artist Conrad Marten’s work in 1843. Only one of two freestanding properties.
A second person is dead and five are missing following a powerful storm that capsized several sailboats in a regatta near Mobile Bay, Alabama on Saturday. The storm rolled through the area about 4pm and a man was plucked from the waters by the Coast Guard around 9pm. Authorities also said crews still are searching for five people missing in the water following the Dauphin Island regatta on Saturday - which included more than 100 sailboats and as many as 200 people.
María Jose Carrascosa, a 49-year-old native of Spain, was released from a New Jersey jail on Friday night. She was paroled last year after moving her daughter, then 5, to Spain when the girl's father, Peter Innes, was granted custody of the child. She defiantly refused to bring her daughter back to the United States and thus remained jailed for contempt of court. Her release came in part thanks to a letter written to the court by her estranged husband .
A new report claims Ivan Milat could have been caught before he murdered seven backpackers. It claims his brother, Ivan, shot and paralysed a taxi driver in 1962, more then 25 years before he went on a killing spree. The 'wrong man' was convicted and jailed for the crime, but Boris Milat kept the truth a secret for 50 years. Alan Dillon confessed to the crime in an attempt to protect his brother. Mr Milat said he also lied to protect a brother, but was confessing to bring closure .
Anais Zanotti has modelled for Playboy, GQ, Esquire and Maxim and has 35 cover shoots under her belt. The 30-year-old has had 1,350 dives and now teaches other adrenaline junkies how to jump from a plane safely.
Invitations to the service at St Paul's Cathedral advise that it will avoid glorifying the Duke of Wellington's historic victory over Napoleon in 1815. Move criticised by politicians who said it 'took political correctness'
The works were stolen in 2010 after being taken from property investor, Peter O'Mara's home in Darling Point. Police were investigating a car syndicate and executed a search warrant on a Wiley Park property. All of the paintings along with three stolen luxury cars were found. The artworks were delivered to the Art Gallery of New South Wales.
Bill Spedding, 63, has been charged with five counts of child sexual assault and two counts of common assault. The washing machine repairman was a person of interest in the case of missing toddler William Tyrrell. He was living with three young boys at the time of his arrest on Wednesday . The New South Wales Ombudsman is investigating how he was able to live with the children . Police are expected to lay more charges against the 63-year-old and his alleged involvement in a paedophile ring in the near future .
Joshua Quincy Burns, formerly of Brighton, Michigan, was sentenced to three years' probation with the first served in Livingston County Jail for second-degree child abuse earlier this month. His now-one-year-old daughter Naomi suffered several injuries, including seizures, hypothermia, hypotension, bradycardia, apnea and retinal hemorrhages. He and his wife, Brenda Burns, say he is innocent, and that he grabbed their daughter Naomi's face when she slipped from his lap as he ended a phone call .
Megan Sheehan, of San Francisco, was knocked unconscious and suffered broken facial bones and cracked teeth after police took her to ground at Santa Rita Jail on St. Patrick's Day of 2014. Police say she was 'verbally argumentative' and didn't appear to be able to take care of herself. But she claims she was guided to the ground after 'violently punching' an officer .
SBS football reporter Scott McIntyre has been sacked over his 'inappropriate and disrespectful' ANZAC day tweets. McIntyre condemned the commemoration of Anzac Day as an 'imperialist invasion' and accused Diggers of committing war crimes. His comments came on the 100th anniversary of the tragic Battle of Gallipoli. Communications Minister Malcolm Turnball called them 'despicable remarks' and social media users took to Twitter to spread the #sackScottMcIntre.
LeBron James was at practice with his Cleveland Cavalier teammates on Saturday at the TD Garden in Boston before their game against the Celtics on Sunday afternoon. During a break in the action, James decided to practice his long-range shooting. The one-handed shot traveled almost the entire length of the 94-foot court with an audible swish.
Saturday Night Live cast member Cecily Strong hosted the White House Correspondents' Dinner on Saturday night. She poked fun at Barack Obama, Hillary Clinton, the media and Washington's elite during her 20-minute speech. She said that Michelle Obama was the 'most important person in the room', but that her garden would be turned into an above ground pool by Bill Clinton in 18 months. She also said that the president security force is 'the only law enforcement organization in the country that will get in trouble if a black man gets shot'   .
Marsha Yumi Perry, 36, was arrested on Friday on accusations of felony hit-and-run, driving with a suspended license and on a misdemeanor warrant after she allegedly struck a five-year-old boy with her car. The boy suffered a cut to his face as well as scrapes to his knees and elbows and was taken to a Vancouver hospital. Police said Perry hid herself from officers in a shallow hole and was found by a police dog who tracked her scent through a field south of the 1800 block of Woodburn Road.
Vladimir Putin said phone records show contact between North Caucasus separatists and US secret services. He said he raised the issue with then-US President George W. Bush, who promised to 'kick the ass' of the intelligence officers in question. Putin condemned punitive sanctions imposed by West.
Robin Barton, 25, was abandoned by his mother behind a dumpster in Santa Ana, California, in November 1989. Michael Buelna found him because he thought he heard a 'very low meow' behind the dumpster. The two met for the first time since the incident, which occurred 25 years ago, last week and embraced. Barton said he's been 'blessed with a great family' and forgives his mother  .
Svinafellsjokull glacier, part of the great Vatnajökull Glacier in Skaftafell National Park, Iceland is a popular hiking destination. Cappadocia in Turkey's Central Anatolia is home to the world's largest salt flats.
Katia Apalategui, 52, was inspired after seeing her mother cope with the loss of her husband by clinging to his pillowcase. She came up with a more permanent way to capture a person's individual scent in a bid to help others in mourning. The strong link between smell and memory is the reason her product will provide 'olfactory comfort'
James Hayward had his toy gun confiscated at East Midlands Airport on his way to Lanzarote. The four-year-old was forced to hand over the toy gun after it was picked up on an X-ray machine. His father has described the security checks as 'ludicrous'
Survation poll for the Mail on Sunday shows a swing towards the Tories against Miliband's Labour party. The Conservatives are on 33 points, followed by Labour on 30, Ukip 18 and the Lib Dems 9. Ukip support has risen by five points in the past three weeks.
Temitope Adebamiro, 35, was charged with first-degree murder on Friday after her husband's death was ruled a homicide. Police were called to her home in Bear, Delaware, early on Thursday morning because of an 'unknown problem' When they arrived they found Adeyinka, 37, with a stab wound to his upper body and his wife in bloody clothes.
Courtney Terry, 27, was diagnosed with kidney cancer when she was just 19 years old. The disease, which is so rare it does not have a name, returned when she became pregnant in 2009. She had planned to marry childhood sweetheart Billy Webb in seven months' time but has now had to bring it forward .
Alastair Clarkson was filmed lashing out at a young man, thought to be an Adelaide Power fan after his team's loss to Port Adelaide on Saturday night. The incident took place in the hours after the Hawthorn Hawks' narrow eight-point loss to the Power. Hawthorn CEO Stuart Fox said the boys were intoxicated and 'Clarko was certainly harassed' It's not the first time Clarkson has been involved in an altercation. In 2006 he was fined $5000 for abusing umpires on a plane and in 2008 for criticising umpire.
Former Top Gear host spotted laughing with a traffic warden in London today. The warden recognized him immediately and the pair chatted for a few minutes. Clarkson was also spotted at Stamford Bridge, cheering on Chelsea as they drew Arsenal.
Violence erupted outside Camden Yards, where the Baltimore Orioles were playing the Boston Red Sox on Saturday night. Police Commissioner Anthony Batts issued an order for protesters to disperse at 6.45pm, but violence continued into the evening. Protesters threw objects at cars, kicked windshields, smashed windows and threw a flaming trash can at police in riot gear. At least two people have been injured and 12 protesters have been arrested, according to police   .
Hippopotamus could be seen standing its ground against hungry lions in Zimbabwe's Hwange National Park. The hippo attempted to scare off the three-year-old big cats as they tried to attack the mammal at the nature reserve in the west of the country .
Christian Trousedale, 18, walked the elderly man to his front door holding his hand as they made their way to his home. His act of kindness was seen by Samantha-Jayne Brady, who took a picture and posted it on Facebook. Picture has been 'liked' a quarter of a million times.
The man, believed to be in his 20s, suffered head and chest injuries, as well as suspected leg fractures. His jeans were left on the underside of the red car after firefighters spent 25 minutes trying to free him. Medics say he was fortunate to still be alive .
Sandie Konopelski of Shiloh, Illinois, was struck and killed by a St Louis MetroLink train on Friday morning. She was responding to a report about an opossum on the tracks near an Illinois train station. She died of blunt-force trauma and was pronounced dead.
Jamie Robbins stole £1,600 from Select 'n' Save shop in Kings Norton, Birmingham, in January 2014. The case was not solved until the 35-year-old walked into a police station earlier this year and said: 'Please arrest me' Robbins was jailed for four-and-a-half years at Birmingham Crown Court on Thursday .
Harvey Nichols abandoned its ten-year anti-fur policy last year when it quietly re-introduced it. PETA is currently in talks with billboard companies to get poster mounted outside Harvey Nichols. Ashley James, 26, says: 'Having educated myself about the fur industry, it breaks my heart to think people allow such cruelty to continue by buying fur products'   .
Amira Abase, 15, left Bethnal Green Academy with Shamima Begum and Kadiza Sultana, 16, in February. She is believed to be living in the Syrian city of Raqqa with the 'jihadi brides' . Now, nearly two months after her departure, she has tweeted from inside the Islamic State for the first time. She posted a picture of fried chicken, chips, pizza and kebab meat at a Western-style takeaway dinner with another teenage runaway .
First-time buyers will pay no stamp duty on properties worth up to £300,000 under a Labour government. Ed Miliband will say Labour’s reduction in the rate of stamp duty to zero would benefit nine in ten first-time Buyers  .
Christopher May, 50, will appear at Pontypridd Magistrates' Court tomorrow charged with murder. Body of Tracey Woodford, 47, was found dismembered at a flat in south Wales on Friday afternoon. Her family today paid tribute to her as 'very kind-hearted' and 'selfless' She was last seen in Rhydyfelin on April 21.
Andy Erlam has announced he will stand as a 'Martin Bell'-style anti-corruption independent candidate. Grandfather led four ordinary voters to have Lutfur Rahman unseated from office last week. Rahman was found guilty of rigging his election for mayor by systematic campaign to steal votes .
John Caudwell, 62, claims visitors to his 50-room Jacobean manor in Staffordshire have felt a bed vibrate and a ghost brushing past them on the stairs. Tycoon believes the ghostly goings-on are being caused by the spirit of a terrified little boy who died in conflict.
Lord Janner, 86, accused of molesting young boys in care homes in 1970s and 1980s in Leicestershire. His family have been told he will not face child abuse charges because of his memory problems. But he could still face civil action from alleged victims who could claim up to £100,000. Legal firm Slater & Gordon are representing several people looking to take private action against him.
All Aboard! The Canal Trip follows a canalboat along a British waterway at a leisurely 4mph. Full two hours shot continuously from a single camera on the front of the boat.
Acting CEO Maura Pally said the Clinton Foundation made mistakes in how it disclosed its donors. She said it had 'mistakenly combined' government grants and donations from foreign governments. Pally defended the foundation's work and reaffirmed its commitment to transparency. However, a government watchdog said that the charity seemed like a 'slush fund' for one of America's most powerful political families.
Scott Holder, a financial adviser from Santa Rosa, California, and Jon Reiter, a contractor from nearby Kenwood in Sonoma County, were caught up in the deadly avalanche. At least 17 climbers, including three Americans, and many sherpas died as a result of the earthquake that has killed 2,500 people across the Himalayas. Some people managed to survive, but others are still trapped on the mountain waiting to be rescued.
PC Luke Stanwick, 30, is fighting for his life in a medically-induced coma and may never walk again. The police officer from Hailsham, East Sussex, was on holiday with his wife Jenny and two-year-old son Nathan. He remains in hospital in the Portuguese capital, Lisbon, for extensive surgery.
Heckler & Koch G36 is inaccurate by up to 20 feet at long range when temperatures top 30C, it is claimed. Weapon becomes unreliable when left in direct sunlight, exposed to humidity or fired repeatedly, report claims. It is used by police forces across the UK and is also used in around 50 other countries. Germany said the rifle had 'no future' with its military and it is now 'not fit for purpose'
Ed Miliband confirms he will press on with controversial plans to cap rents despite warnings. Landlords would have to offer three-year tenancies and would be banned from raising rent above inflation. Labour leader said it would give millions of 'forgotten' renters a fairer deal by helping those stuck in Generation Rent .
The 18-year-old reportedly fled to the toilet in tears after the alleged incident at Suede nightclub in Manchester. She was interviewed by police four days later and left with a bruise below her eye. Tottenham winger, 28, was reportedly interviewed by officers under caution over the alleged assault. Police confirmed no arrests have been made .
People with bowel cancer who saw their normal GP were diagnosed a week later than others. Britain has one of the lowest cancer survival rates in Europe, and this has partly been blamed on family doctors missing symptoms of the disease.
More than 72,000 camp inmates and prisoners of war died at the Nazi camp in northern Germany. British soldiers liberated the camp on April 15, 1945. Hundreds of people sobbed as they laid flowers and flags as memorials at the site today. German president Joachim Gauck said the British soldiers were 'ambassadors of a democratic culture'  .
Maren Sanchez, 16, was stabbed to death at Jonathan Law High School, in Milford, Connecticut, on April 25, 2014. A classmate, Christopher Plaskon, has been charged with murder as an adult over the attack. The event included a kickball tournament, bounce houses and a dunk tank, with proceeds benefiting a scholarship program created by Sanchez's mother, Donna Cimarelli, the slain teen's mother.
Whistleblower Tony Brookes said money was diverted away from protecting children from rape, trafficking and beatings. Offences considered crucial for satisfying a target culture introduced by the last Labour government. The same targets were also linked to performance-related pay for top officers at South Yorkshire Police .
News of the royal delivery will then also be posted on the traditional easel behind the gates of Buckingham Palace. When Prince George was born in July 2013 his birth was first announced in an emailed press release. Prince William's birth announcement was signed by the doctors who delivered him in 1982 .
Pebble was one of the earliest smartwatches, and since it launched in 2013, more than a million have been sold. Withings Activité combines cutting-edge technology with traditional European styling. Samsung Gear S is so smart you can ditch phone.
MailOnline Travel looks at some of the more unusual facts about the world-famous resort. The Disneyland Book of Lists contains over 200 lists crammed full of secrets known and those more obscure . The first paying guest was a 22-year-old student.
Christopher Marinello, 53, tracked down nine paintings including works by Chagall and Rivera stolen from LA mansion. Art detective is no stranger to high profile cases - central to recovery of £1billion Nazi-looted hoard found in Munich flat. Representing heirs of renowned art dealer Paul Rosenberg in bid to recover Henri Matisse's 1921 Femme Assise .
Chris Lewis, 68, is suing ex-wife Nicola, 48, for more than £300,000 over paternity of son Charlie, 19. He claims she had sex with another man only months into their marriage but did not tell him. She led him to believe the boy was his, he argues, and wants compensation totalling £322,400.
A steady stream of mourners filed into the Vaughn Green East funeral home for a wake for Freddie Gray, the 25-year-old black man who died a week after an encounter with police left him with grave spinal injuries. Mourners passed by Gray's silk-draped, white coffin where he lay dressed in a white shirt, black pants, white sneakers and an all-white Los Angeles Dodgers baseball cap. Gray's funeral will be held on Monday .
A National Counterterrorism Center advisory group is expected to recommend radical shift in US hostage policy. It would stop prosecuting families of American hostages who communicate with kidnappers abroad or raise funds and pay ransoms. James Foley's mother Diane said officials told her family it was illegal to try to raise a ransom to free him.
David Cameron has written to First Great Western to request it 'urgently review' plans to increase fares. Passengers travelling with rail firm between London and Cotswolds could face increases of up to 87% come May 17. The Prime Minister has promised to freeze fares in real terms for the whole of the next parliament. Labour has also pledged to bring in a cap on price hikes.
Juanette Cullum, 48, allegedly stole almost $15,000 worth of items from American Airline planes over the last three years. Police searched her Brooklyn home and found 19 Kindle tablets, seven iPads, two laptops and toiletries. Cullum has been charged with grand larceny and criminal possession of stolen property  .
Fern Britton, 57, revealed how close she came to suicide following divorce from first husband Clive Jones. Mother-of-four had her first experience of depression as a child and has suffered attacks throughout her adult life. She has been married to TV chef Phil Vickery for 15 years.
Seven women believed they were involved in a relationship with a Mormon man living in the same state. They found out they were being duped by a woman named Kayla in Texas. Kayla had taken the identity of a man named Keagan, who goes to school in Montana. The women had a chance to confront Kayla on an episode of Dr Phil that aired on Friday. She said she was trying to figure out who she was because it was 'difficult' .
The total would mean the trail of deceit from the fallen face of NBC's Nightly News goes far deeper than previously reported. Investigative journalists at the network have been poring over Williams's past reports and statements after he was booted from the top job .
Gary Barlow, Mark Owen and Howard Donald told to pay back cash 11 months ago. They were ordered to do so after 'investment' scheme they put millions into was ruled invalid. It is understood the trio are dealing directly with HMRC but have yet to stump up the cash. Pressure mounting on band as they begin UK tour tomorrow.
Australian historian Dr Jim Penman has drawn parallels between modern-day Britain and 100BC in Rome. Claims Britons today have lost the drive for innovation that epitomised Victorian era. Warns Britain is heading for similar collapse in society.
Gadgets on the market in 2015 include a machine that makes 'shushing' sounds to 'break the cycle of crying' and biodegradable nappies which don't clog up landfill. Pippa Middleton is said to have bought £4-a-piece mull-cloth for her sister the Duchess of Cambridge's baby .
Colin Farrell, 38, says he's not interested in chasing women any more. Says he's now focusing on his acting career and being a good father to his two sons. The actor was once linked with a string of the world's most famous beauties  .
Hani al-Sibai is believed to have influenced a number of young men who went on to fight jihad abroad. He lives in the same neighbourbood as Jihadi John's real name Mohammed Emwazi in Hammersmith, west London. Security services are believed to be investigating his influence on the London Boys terror cell. He has blocked government attempts to deport him for more than 15 years citing his human rights.
One painting shows Dorothy, Toto, the Tinman, the Lion and the Scarecrow meeting the Wizard of Oz for the first time. The other imagining the Emerald City, capital of the Land of Oz, sold for £10,000.
Supreme Court to hear arguments on Tuesday over same-sex marriage. Justice Anthony Kennedy, the court's pivotal member on gay rights, has been marching in this direction with opinions dating to 1996. Chief Justice John Roberts, who broke with the other court conservatives in the 2013 ruling.
The fossilised item is said to be the world's largest intact dinosaur skull, measuring 9.2ft (2.8 metres) long. It is being sold by Hong Kong-based experts Evolved and is more than 95 per cent complete bone. The skull belonged to a male Triceratops that lived 66 million years ago in North America. The fossil - first found in Montana in 1992 - is expected to fetch $1.8 million (£1.2 million) at auction.
Rochelle Holmes, 26, ballooned to 20st 5lbs after eating four takeaways a week and smoking 20 cigarettes a day. Doctors told her she was at risk of suffering a stroke at just 23 due to her bad habits. She shed 8st after changing her diet and exercising and is now a size 12. She says she 'wants to be healthy forever'
Corinthian Colleges was one of the country's largest for-profit educational institutions. It collapsed last summer amid a cash shortage and fraud allegations and its closures are believed to be the biggest shutdown in the history of US higher education. The closures include Heald College campuses in California, Hawaii and Oregon, as well as Everest and WyoTech schools in California and New York. It agreed to sell or close its campuses under pressure from the Department of Education.
Geoff Haigh, 61, wanted to marry his long-term partner Heather, 54, after being diagnosed with terminal pancreatic cancer. But the couple were left reeling after a number of bungles thwarted the ceremony from running smoothly. Guests were forced to listen to the wedding song 10 times while it played over and over due to blunders. Couple were left with three marriage certificates after officials got crucial details wrong on first two.
A pair of ancient baby teeth found at two prehistoric sites in northern Italy belong to modern humans from a group known as the Protoaurignacian culture. CT scans of the teeth showed it had thicker enamel than Neanderthal teeth and was more similar in morphology to humans. They suggest it was the arrival of this modern human culture that marked a turning point in humanity’s evolution and led to disappearance.
Valerie Jackson's four-year-old son suffers Netherton's syndrome, a rare congenital skin disease. His skin appears red and inflamed, and is often covered in dry skin that appears like scales. Mother-of-four has to regularly cover him in creams to try and prevent his skin drying out .
Libyan convicted of 78 offences cannot be deported from Britain because he is an alcoholic. Judges rejected Home Secretary Theresa May's attempt to deport the 53-year-old serial criminal. It means he will be able to continue his drink-fuelled offending spree in Britain .
Michelle Obama's office says the first lady chose what's being called 'Kailua Blue' to distinguish her family's china from the red, green, blue and yellow used on more recent state services. The china, which has settings for 320 people, cost approximately $367,000 to make  .
Japanese photographer Uruma Takezawa spent 1,021 days on the road, to capture amazing images on an odyssey that took him to 103 countries on four continents. The winner of the third Nikkei National Geographic Photo Prize has made a living documenting communities in the most remote areas around the globe.
Average price of a christening has hit £300, with 63% of families concerned about spiraling costs. George at Asda has created a range of gowns and rompers inspired by Prince George. Items start at just £4 and cost just £15 .
A Reddit user wrote an incredibly sarcastic resignation letter to their boss. The letter was posted with the caption 'two weeks notice' and the date is 4/24/15. The writer apologises for a number of unfortunate incidents - all of which are out of control.
The unidentified woman's conversation with a dispatcher was revealed by ABC News. The woman was allegedly kidnapped Thursday in a parking lot in Loveland, Colorado. In the phone call, the dispatcher asked '911, what's the address of the emergency?' 'I don't know. I'm locked in a trunk,' the woman said  .
Dr Sanjay Gupta performed a craniotomy on Sandhya Chalise, 15, after a wall of her family's home fell on her. She only reached Kathmandu's Bir Hospital two days after the 7.8-magnitude quake on Saturday .
The image was re-posted to Twitter on Sunday by an anti-ISIS activist in Syria. Abu Ward Al-Raqqawi, a self proclaimed 'founder of the Syrian revolution,' believes the chilling image was released to radicalise the next generation of jihadis. Terror experts have revealed to Daily Mail Australia the snapshot is a showcase of the groups supposed longevity, as well as a window into life.
Susannah Ross, 20, told friends she was going trekking last week but has not been heard from since Friday. Her family say they have been unable to contact her and are increasingly concerned about her safety. A number of Britons were climbing Mount Everest at the time of the disaster, while others were trekking through Nepal.
The horseshoe-shaped glass walkway in Chongqing extends 87.5ft from the edge of a cliff. It is the longest cantilever bridge in the world, beating Arizona’s Grand Canyon Skywalk by 16.4ft. Located in the Longgang National Geological Park in south-west China, the bridge has been named Yuanduan .
Sophie Wilson, 17, performed CPR on Bradley Parkes after she and a friend found him hanging from a tree. The 16-year-old was taken to Birmingham Children's Hospital in a coma but has made a 'miracle' recovery. His mother Tiffany, 35, said he had been tormented for months by a gang and had even been slashed in the face .
Miliband wants to bring in 'use it or lose it' powers allowing councils to encourage building by putting up taxes on undeveloped land. Sites still left idle could be compulsorily purchased for use by another developer. Institute of Directors describes the land grab as a 'Stalinist attack on property rights' . Labour leader's housing policy has been branded a 'complete gimmick'
Retired four-star general and former chief of the National Security Agency issues stark warning. He envisioned a worst case-scenario where hackers targeted oil refineries, power stations, and the electric grid. Payments nexus of major banks could also be affected.
John Suchet was in mourning after losing his wife Bonnie following her decade-long battle with dementia. Classic FM presenter has spoken openly about his wife's diagnosis and the toll it took on their relationship. The broadcaster declined to comment, stating it was a 'private family matter' .
Judith Russell's daughter Katherine married Tamerlan Tsarnaev, one of the two mass murderers who set of bombs at the 2013 Boston marathon. Her words came as jurors decide whether Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, 21, should be put to death after being convicted of a host of crimes in connection with the massacre. Russell was brought before the jury as a defense witness - and told how TamerLAN met her daughter and got her pregnant before gradually becoming more radical .
John Hancock repeatedly called his sister Bianca Rinehart 'the fat' and 'fatty' in 2004 and 2006. The emails were tendered as the daughter of mining magnate was reduced to tears after being forced to sign a deed against her interests, the Federal Court in Sydney heard. Bianca and her brother John Hancock lodged a Federal Court to increase their stake in the family company, Hancock Prospecting. The siblings are united in a bitter trust dispute .
Lisa McElroy, 50, reportedly sent the explicit link to her Drexel University students under the subject line 'Great article on writing briefs' on March 31. The legal writing professor said she was 'mortified' and 'in terrible shape' when she found out what she had done. But she has now spoken out about how she's reclaiming her dignity since the scandal in a column for the Washington Post  .
Jackson was taken into police custody on Saturday for assault with a deadly weapon in West Lake, LA. The 34-year-old is accused of stabbing a man with a knife on Friday - his relationship to the man is not clear. Victim told police the man was Hobie - Jackson played Hobie Buchannon, the son of David Hasselhoff's character.
Michael O'Leary claims Ryanair will slash fares by as much as 15 per cent over the next two years. Chief executive of Europe's largest budget airline made the vow in an interview with a French newspaper. He took aim at Air France in his wide-ranging interview .
Bali Nine member Myuran Sukumaran has requested to spend his last days painting. He painted a self-portrait of himself with a bullet hole through his heart. His brother, Chinthu, has pleaded with the Indonesian president to call off the firing squad. Andrew Chan's brother, Michael Chan, has also pleaded for clemency. The Bali Nine pair will be executed at 3am on Wednesday (3am AEST) . They were given 72 hours notice of their execution on Saturday   .
The amusement parks have been erected on the outskirts of Islamabad and Rawalpindi. Many of those who are enjoying the rides have fled their villages due to fighting between security forces and militants in the tribal areas  .
John Sims, who had Burkitt's Lymphoma, died on Saturday, with his new wife Lindsey Sims by his side. The pair married March 21 at the University of Texas M.D. Anderson Cancer Center after John was told his cancer was terminal.
Nicholas Pence, 25, and his father David, 56, were shot dead 'execution-style' at home on Wednesday. They had been celebrating a football game in their garage in Metairie, New Orleans, Louisiana. Police arrested Haraqyon Degruy, 18, and Dexter Allen, 17, in connection with the double killing. Neither have a 'significant' criminal history, police revealed on Sunday .
Princess Leonore looked distinctly out of sorts during a visit to the Vatican. The 14-month-old was cradled in the arms of her mother, Princess Madeleine, 32. She is six months pregnant with her second child and will give birth this summer. Baby will be born in Stockholm.
Nursultan Nazarbayev, a 74-year-old former steel worker, has ruled the oil-producing nation since 1989. International monitors have voiced their concern about the poll saying there was not a genuine choice. of other candidates  .
Joyce Cox was strangled to death on her way home from school in Cardiff on September 28, 1939. Her body was found dumped by a railway station but police have never caught her killer. Her cousin Terry Phillips, 71, has accused police of a 'cover-up' for not releasing case file. Met Police said information could not be released because it is unfair to the mystery suspect. Case file will be kept secret until 2040.
French customs said it tipped off British authorities 'to board a tug 100 kilometres (60 miles) east of Scotland' The value of the cocaine is likely to be worth hundreds of millions of pounds.
Vladimir Bukovsky, 72, has lived in the UK since he fled the Soviet Union in the 1970s. He was accused of spreading anti-Soviet propaganda and spent 12 years in prison and forced labour camps. He will appear at Cambridge Magistrates' Court on May 5 after police investigation .
Collin Burns was at an official Rubik's Cube event in Doylestown, Pennsylvania. The US national 'speedcubing' champion shaved 0.3 of a second.
Kayla Mooney, 24, was in her first year teaching science at Danbury High School when she was arrested on March 31. The boy involved with Mooney told police about the sexual relationship they had off campus last year, which appear to be supported by emails between the pair.
Celine Bisette, who uses a pseudonym, says that she is neither 'damaged' nor 'deranged' - that, in fact, she rather enjoys being a prostitute, and it's only the stigma.
St Patrick's Parish in Stephensville, Wisconsin said in a statement that the Original Pig Rassle will be replaced this August with a human mud foosball tournament. Global Conservation Group, an animal advocacy group, launched an online petition claiming the tournament was inhumane to the pigs. It garnered more than 81,000 signatures in efforts to cancel the event. Deacon Ken Bilgrien said the church is moving in a different direction for its 45th annual Roundup, but declined to discuss the controversy surrounding the event   .
Paul Gilbert mocked Ed Miliband at a university hustings event in Cheltenham, Gloucestershire. He joked that he hoped his 'off-piste' comment would not 'find it's way back' to the Labour leadership. He also blasted Labour's 'entirely unsatisfactory' policy on tuition fees.
Lib Dems on course to lose at least 20 MPs, but claim this could still be enough to put them back in power. Nick Clegg today continued tour of 60 seats where party is defending perilous majorities. Party has highly targeted strategy, fighting 60 by-elections.
Matilda Fitt was born nine weeks early in Barry, South Wales, weighing just 2lb 12oz. She was chosen to play to Julie, who in the TV show died from putrid throat. Matilda, now 21 months old, won the part to make her small screen debut weeks after leaving hospital.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, 21, is due back in court today where his defence team will begin to make its case. Three people were killed and 260 others injured in the April, 2013 bombings. Tsarnaev killed three people and injured 260 others in one of the bloodiest attacks on US soil since 9/11.
Patricia Wilnecker, 81, fell in love with Lamorna Cove in Cornwall on her first visit in 1948. She eventually moved nearby and wrote a book about the beauty spot. But she has been told she is no longer welcome there by landowner Roy Stevenson after a stand-off. He accused her of deliberately hitting his son Daniel, 36, with her car  .
Bonnie Suchet died on April 15 after a decade-long battle with dementia. She was described by her husband as 'the love of my life' by him. John Suchet, 71, declined to comment, saying it was a private matter.
Prime Minister was giving a campaign speech in south London on Saturday when he forgot which team he supported. He joked that everyone should back his team - but then named West Ham instead of the West Midlands giants. An embarrassed Mr Cameron this morning admitted he couldn't explain what happened - but said it must have been because he had been past West Ham's famous Upton Park ground in East London on Friday. It later emerged that the Prime Minister actually flew over the ground in a private helicopter charted to get him back to London quickly after a day's campaigning. Labour said the gaffe exposed the PM as a 'phoney' .
Photographer Jeffrey Milstein has shot a fascinating project documenting black boxes. The project sheds light on what happens to the devices after tragic crashes. The boxes are usually red to help rescuers spot them among the wreckage of crashed planes and helicopters. They record flight data and conversations between pilots in the cockpit. Mr Milstein's work saw him gain access to air safety storage facilities where they are stored .
Elizabeth Dawes, 39, was told in July 2013 she had grade three breast cancer after biopsy. Doctors at New Cross Hospital in Wolverhampton told her she needed immediate surgery and chemotherapy. But four days later she was told staff had confused her notes with those of two other patients. She was so traumatised she needed anti-depressants and was forced to give up her job as a nurse.
A 16-year-old student opened fire at North Thurston High School in Lacey, Washington, on Monday morning with a gun and a cigarette. Brady Olson, a teacher at the school, tackled the student to the ground and pinned him down until authorities arrived. No one was injured and the shooter is in custody .
Renee Bergeron, 38, photographs children with special needs as superheroes, dressing them up with capes, goggles, and wands in order to make them feel like they can do anything. The Superhero Project is free of charge.
A staggering 1.2 million Australians either have a secret credit card or hide purchases from a partner. One in three don’t pay off their bill each month and 96 per cent make at least one unplanned purchase a month. Victorians had the most cunning credit card behaviour.
Unruly passenger forced to be forcibly removed from Manchester-bound plane in Hurghada, Egypt. Thomas Cook Airlines flight TCX2515 was minutes away from take-off when incident occurred. Man was removed by an armed officer and plane returned to runway.
Reality star said it was 'very disappointing' that he stopped short of using the word - which he had promised to use when he ran for office. Kardashian, whose Armenian heritage comes from her father, the late Robert Kardashian, has used her celebrity since 2011 to bring awareness to the genocide. Historians estimate up to 1.5 million Armenians were killed by Ottoman Turks, an event widely viewed by scholars as a genocide, during World War I.
Charlotte Briggs was told she cannot attend Lydgate Junior School in Sheffield. Seven-year-old can see it from her bedroom window but was refused a place at her preferred school. Mother Lynne, 49, claims taking her daughter to school and back would require four hours on the bus. Sheffield City Council said the school Charlotte attends has never been a feeder school. She was instead offered a spot at Shooters Grove Primary two miles away.
Signatories say they 'would like to see David Cameron and George Osborne given the chance to finish what they have started' Ms Malone is one of the most high-profile names to sign the letter. She claims a Labour government would 'jeopardise' the economic recovery. Comes as the party launches its small business manifesto.
Auckland coastguards received an alert that 5 homemade 'boats' were taking part in an annual fishing event. The attendees included a couch strapped to a stack of tyres and a floating Subaru car. Coastguards took to the water near Gulf Harbour, off Auckland's Whangaparaoa.
Mass cremations have been taking place next to the Bagmati river, the waterway which divides the Nepalese capital. Hundreds of bodies were burned in the ghats beside the river today as families wailed in grief for their loved ones. As death toll surpassed 4,000, there began to be a desperate shortage of the wood used to build the pyres. The areas where cremation rites can take place are also short.
Lord Janner sent a 'thank you' Christmas card to a detective after learning he would escape child sex abuse charges. The officer said he was appalled by the Labour peer’s note after his superiors forced him to drop his inquiries. Director of Public Prosecutions Alison Saunders ruled that the 86-year-old peer should not face prosecution because of his dementia. The decision has caused outrage, with critics pointing out that he signed letters in the House of Lords as recently as this month. It has also been revealed that Mrs Saunders was a pupil at the same legal chambers as Janner – although she claims she never met him. Janner's barrister, the late George Carman, was astonished that his father was not charged after the abuse allegations became public in 1991, but he escaped the charge .
Rapper and businessman Jay Z launched a string of tweets on Sunday defending his premium music streaming service Tidal and saying that it is still early days for the app. 'We may not be perfect - but we are determined,' he said. Comes as reports claim that Tidal is being sabotaged by rivals as it attempts to take business away from more-established music outlets such as Spotify and Apple. The $19.99 a month subscription service is floundering in the app downloads charts and has fallen out of the top 750.
At least 65 British climbers and holidaymakers feared missing as death toll in Nepal earthquake reaches 2,500. Up to 18 killed and more than 60 injured when 7.8-magnitude quake set off huge avalanche on the world's highest peak. Aftershocks set off a series of further avalanches, prompting fears for the Britons among the hundreds of climbers left stranded by the tonnes of debris and ice blocking their routes. WARNING: GRAPHIC.
Sergeant Edwin Mee, 46, accused of raping and molesting 11 young women who wanted to join the forces. Alleged victims were new to the country and unaware of their rights, Southwark Crown Court heard. Mee has served in war zones in Iraq and Afghanistan and was medically discharged in April 2014. He denies 17 counts of sexual assault, three counts of rape and assault by penetration.
Stars Ray Liotta, Robert De Niro, Lorraine Bracco and Paul Sorvino were all in attendance although director Scorsese was filming in Taiwan and Joe Pesci, who won an Oscar for Best Supporting Actor in 1991 for his turn as Tommy DeVito, didn't show. Released in 1990, Goodfellas charts the rise and fall of Lucchese crime family associate Henry Hill, played by Liotta and his friends over a period from 1955 to 1980. The movie brought the 14th annual Tribeca Film Festival to a close. Afterwards, the stars recalled making the beloved film in a panel discussion moderated by Daily Show host Jon Stewart   .
Three-and-a-half-year-old black labrador Baylie lost a stone and a half in eight weeks on a new doggy diet. He swapped sweet treats and processed dog food for a diet of free range raw meat, offal and bones. Owners Margaret and Patrick Evans say he's now 'a different dog' .
William Shatner is planning to run a Kickstarter campaign to raise $30 billion (£20 billion) to build a 4ft-wide pipeline from Seattle to California. He wants to build the pipeline to transport water and solve the state's ongoing drought problem. But the proposal has been declared 'highly illogical' by some experts. On his website, he is letting people suggest other ideas for what to do with the money - if the campaign is successful .
Kristopher Hicks, now 27, was on his way home from a night out with his girlfriend in a taxi in Bath, Somerset. Michael Young, 56, had mistakenly believed Mr Hicks was planning to 'do a runner' and decided to drive him back to rank. But when Mr Hicks objected, the driver continued on for almost a mile, leading him to jump from the vehicle while it was travelling at 20mph.
The Ashbrittle Yew, in the churchyard of the parish's Church of St John the Baptist, in Somerset, has a girth of 38ft and a vast canopy. Locals fear it is on its way out due to wilting branches and falling leaves due to disease .
From today, users can post, explore other people's photos and interact with captions using just emoji. Emoji hashtags work with single emoji, multiple emoji or can be combined with text. Instagram has also unveiled three new filters called Lark, Reyes and Juno. The most popular emoji on the site is the crying with laughter face   .
Bruce Jenner will chronicle his journey as he transitions into a woman in his forthcoming eight-episode docu-series on E! starting July 27. But it is allegedly his sons Burt, Brandon and Brody Jenner and stepdaughter Kim Kardashian who are hesitant to hear and watch just how much their patriarch will reveal about gender change. 'They are warning him to slow down on revealing too much of his journey on reality TV,' a source said.
The Presets, made up of Julian Hamilton and Kim Moyes, published a series of posts on its Facebook page on Saturday night and Sunday morning. It was hours after it was announced Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran would be executed this week. One of the posts told fans who disagreed with the band's stance to 'unfollow us, delete all our music'
Border Terrier Molly had been on a walk with owner Jane Tipper and daughter Hannah in Eype, Dorset. The eight-year-old chased a lamb off the edge of a cliff before falling 150ft down a steep slope and coming to rest .
Mary Cowan, 92, passed away in November last year but left £700,000 of her fortune to charity groups. She asked for a bursary scheme to be set up in her name at George Watson's College in Edinburgh. She also asked for Falkirk High School to set up a fund in memory of her mother.
The presence of Blue Origin, LLC, the brainchild of Amazon founder Jeff Bezos, barely registers in nearby Van Horn, a way station along Interstate 10. Few visitors are allowed beyond the 'No Trespassing' sign and a remote-controlled gate and into the desert and mountain environment reminiscent of the Air Force's renowned Area 51 in Nevada. The privileged who do get inside decline to describe what they've seen, typically citing confidentiality agreements. At the opposite end of Texas and the competition is the highly visible SpaceX venture, led by PayPal co-founder Elon Musk.
First of what he dubbed his 'Premier League policies' is a £5billion commitment to protect the entire education budget in real terms. Pledge would mean raising spending on education every year from 2018 onwards and at all stages 'from cradle to college'
Daniel Williams, from Toronto, filmed himself doing everything from sealing envelopes and sending emails to making cups and coffee and going to the bathroom. The video, titled 'Boring Office Job GoPro Commercial', has attracted an impressive three million views since being uploaded to YouTube last week.
Oscar 'Papoo' Hernandez Jr, 24, pleaded guilty in January to charges of transporting firearms across state lines; obstruction of justice; lying to a federal grand jury and witness tampering. Aaron Hernandez, 25, was found guilty April 15 of first-degree murder in the 2013 shooting death of semi-professional football player Odin Lloyd. Oscar Hernandez said he was 'grateful to be noticed' when the football player paid him $15,000 .
Police have seized 20 kilograms of the depressant drug Kava divided into 862 deal bags. Four unrestrained children were sitting in the back seat of an unregistered car. A 39-year-old man and a 26- year-old woman were arrested following the drug bust.
Maitland local Karen Newton performed an impromptu rendition of the Last Post to stranded residents of Gillieston Heights. The residents were separated from the town by massive flood water and were holding their own unplanned service. Ms Newton plucked her cornet from the car and played the bugle call across the water's edge. The video has been viewed over 5,000 times on Facebook and has been shared online.
Elena Klimova, 26, runs an online support group for young people about coming out and dealing with discrimination. She regularly receives hate-filled rants from strangers telling her she's 'disgusting' and should kill herself. The activist fought back by publishing the messages on VKontakte, the Russian equivalent of Facebook, under the title: 'Beautiful People And The Things They Say To Me' She managed to track down the social media accounts of many of her trolls, and has posted their identities online .
Hillary Clinton will be 69 when she takes office in January 2017 if she is elected president. The politician, currently 67, has launched her campaign to become the 44th President of the United States. She will be the second oldest person to hold the White House.
Sophia is the daughter of a lesbian couple who have two moms. She made a video to help other children understand how they were created in a very cute way .
On November 30, 2014, two young boys were playing on Maroubra Beach when they uncovered the body of a baby girl buried under 30 centimetres of sand. The grisly discovery came just over a week after a newborn boy was found in a 2.4 metre deep drain in Quakers Hill. NSW Police were unable to locate the mother of the abandoned baby . Now locals Filomena D'Alessandro and Bill Green have claimed the infant's body in order to provide her with a fitting farewell. A service will be held for Lily Grace on Wednesday at the South Chapel at the Eastern Suburbs Memorial Park. Police are trawling through hospital records in the hope of identifying the baby.
Jonathan Keats has designed a 'millennium camera' that he intends to mount in a churchless steeple on a college campus. He hopes the resulting photograph will chronicle climate change by taking a 1,000-year exposure of a western Massachusetts mountain range .
South Glasgow University Hospital opened today complete with fleet of robots delivering linen. The state-of-the-art hospital also has a children's cinema and helicopter landing pad. SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon claims it proves party's commitment to the NHS. But Ukip says the hospital has been funded with English taxpayers' money 'shovelled' to Holyrood .
Grant Clarke, 45, suffered a massive brain haemorrhage in May 2012. It left him paralysed on his left side, incontinent and unable to swallow or communicate. Vanessa Kennard was one of three nurses charged with mistreating him at Sevenoaks Hospital in Kent. She was suspended in her absence by the Nursing and Midwifery Council after failing to turn up at a hearing .
Vincent Lamouroux has painted the entire property in LA's trendy Silver Lake neighborhood completely white. The seedy motel, which has been closed for years, was actually named the Sunset Pacific Motel. It got its nickname from its proximity to nearby Bates Avenue and passing resemblance to Hitchcock.
Miranda Ashley Calvin, 19, of Gresham, Oregon, was arrested on Sunday afternoon. She allegedly hit 49-year-old Jerrie Ann Hornig with her car and fled the scene on Saturday night .
Scotland's First Minister said Labour leader had allowed himself to be 'kicked around' by Tories. She called on him to be 'tougher' and 'bolder' and called for a 'vote-by-vote arrangement' with the SNP  .
The Vampire Diaries actor and his Twilight actress fiancée tied the knot on Sunday in a romantic ceremony in the Santa Monica mountains. Nikki, 26, wore a stunning white lace long-sleeved custom gown by Claire Pettibone.
Hundreds of survivalists and so-called 'Preppers' descended on Salt Lake City, Utah, suburb of Sandy on Friday. They were shown underground bunkers, learned new ways to store food and tried out solar-powered flashlights. Also met actors from AMC hit show 'The Walking Dead', including Addy Miller, who acted as a judge in a food cook-off.
Broga is a rugged take on the 3,000-year-old practice of movement and breath. Experts say it sets men free to flex. tight hamstrings without hearing invocations to Hindu deities or. feeling inept.
Eva Mozes Kor, 81, publicly embraced Oskar Groening in court last week in an extraordinary act of forgiveness. She called for the prosecutions of former SS officers to end. But her co-plaintiffs in the case said she should not have taken part in the trial in Germany. They said they could not forgive Groening for his participation in the murder of 300,000 Jews at the death camp  .
Labour leader Ed Miliband insists he would not agree to a 'confidence and supply' deal with SNP. SNP look set to deprive his party of an outright win and could hold balance of power. Critics say that would mean a weak Labour government having to negotiate day in, day out with SNP MPs. SNP candidates have issued blood-curdling threats in recent weeks.
Mark Lawson, 44, was in The Diamond Tap Wetherspoons in Newbury, Berkshire for Christmas party last year. He agreed that colleague Simon Myers could take some chips from his plate. But when Mr Myers started eating an onion ring, Lawson was angered and drove the knife into his thigh. Lawson was spared jail and given a six-month suspended sentence.
William Schultz, 18, was arrested Sunday afternoon, hours after Jordan Almgren, 9, was stabbed to death in his home in Discovery Bay, California. The day before the stabbing, deputies had also been called to the home on a request for a psychological evaluation of Schultz. The motive for the stabbing remains under investigation   .
Russian vessel Oleg Naydenov was carrying 1,400 tonnes of viscous fuel oil when it caught fire in Las Palmas port. It was towed out to sea as a precaution and sank 15 miles south of Gran Canaria three days later. Spanish government has activated an environmental emergency alert  .
More than 45,000 people have signed a petition calling for the advert to be pulled. The advert features a model in a bikini with the question: 'Are you beach body ready?' It has attracted the ire of many social media users and body image campaigners. Now Katie Hopkins has waded into the row, dubbing critics 'chub'
Koningsdag - or King's Day - is a public holiday in the Netherlands and is traditionally marked with a royal procession. Today, it was the turn of Dordrecht, a city in the south-west of the country, which was once a major trading port, as well as a military hub.
Amy-Beth Ellice, 17, from Essex started baking at the age of three. She landed her first book deal with her recipe collection Amy's Baking Year at age 14. Her second cookbook, all about entertaining, is now firmly in the works  .
Pritesh, 36, and Mansi Gandhi, 35, started trying for a baby ten years ago but repeatedly lost the baby. Mansi did manage to become pregnant and gave birth in 2007 but Khushi was so premature he died. Pritesh's sister Hiral Shah, 32, stepped in and offered to carry the couple's baby after IVF treatment .
Hannah Wilson's body was found in rural Brown County, Indiana, on Friday morning after a night out. Daniel Messel, 49, was arrested hours later and has been charged with her murder. She died from blunt force trauma to the head after being struck three or four times in the back of the head with an object. Her friends put her in a taxi and gave the driver her address, thinking she was too drunk to go home. She was last seen at Kilroy's Sports Bar in Bloomington, where Lauren Spierer vanished in 2011. Police said the circumstances of Wilson's disappearance are 'eerily similar' to the case of 20-year-old Spierers .
Euan Ritchie and Jen Martin's crowdfunding page received a baffling pledge for over $2 billion. Within an hour, the momentous donation to a kangaroo preservation project had vanished. The couple still haven't been able to track down the would-be benefactor but hope to reach their goal .
Mark Hawkins, 49, barricaded himself in Greyhound-style bus in parking lot of a Walmart in Salem, Oregon. Was approached by police, who believed him to be wanted for failing to appear on drug charge. Seconds later, he allegedly fired weapon from front of large vehicle, striking police dog in head. Bullet struck a police dog named Baco in the head, prompting exchange of gunfire between officers and Hawkins. SWAT officers and police fired tear gas at bus for seven hours before ramming armored car into vehicle. At around 6.30pm, police shot at Hawkins multiple times, killing him .
George Osborne admitted he was secretly addicted to hit BBC series Poldark, starring Aidan Turner. Chancellor said the television show was a 'fantastic advert for Britain' and particularly Cornwall. Mr Osborne confessed to a crush on its female lead character Demelza .
Researchers say 75% of extreme hot weather and 18% of heavy precipitation is being driven by global warming as a result of man-made emissions. They warn that as climate change pushes global temperatures higher, humans will be responsible for 40% ofextreme rainfall events. The scientists claim it is the rarest and most destructive events that seem to be the most responsive to human influence   .
Before and after images show how the usually serene base camp was flattened on Saturday. The avalanche started on Mount Kumori, a 23,000-foot-high mountain just a few miles from Everest. Google executive Dan Fredinburg, 33, was the first confirmed fatality on the mountain. Dr Marisa Eve Girawong, 29, and Tom Taplin, 61, were also killed .
Labour leader will insist he offers a 'clear, credible and concrete plan on immigration' He will say: 'We will deal with people’s concerns because we have listened, we have learned and we have changed' But his own shadow home secretary refused at least four times to say Labour would put a target on net immigration  .
Dozens of people have been clambering around the debris of the Dharahara Tower in Kathmandu to take selfies. They have been taking pictures amongst the rubble of the historic nine-storey structure. But one rescuer said they were not 'understanding the tragedy'
Dr Warren Weinstein, a 73-year-old economic adviser from the US, and Italian aid worker Giovanni Lo Porto, 39, were killed in a botched drone strike in January. President Obama granted CIA a waiver exempting the agency from providing proof of imminent threat to the US ahead of planned drone strikes. Without the waiver, CIA operatives would have been forced to gather additional surveillance data .
TV presenter said her sister, Debbie, had managed to contact family to say she was safe after 7.9-magnitude quake. She said Debbie had not yet reached Everest Base Camp because she was ill and had stopped off to recover. 'It's awful, I can barely speak. I'm still quite numb. It's hard to take in' .
Paul and Laura Elliott decided to do something different for their wedding day. They combined their love of running and their love for each other by running the 26.2 mile race. Paul lost his father to bowel cancer 19 years ago  .
A 10-year-old autistic boy has hand-delivered a heartbreaking poster to the Immigration Minister pleading to stay in Australia. Maria Sevilla and her son Tyrone face the very real possibility of being deported back to the Philippines after their visa expires today. The single mother's visa application was rejected 28 days ago because Tyrone's autism would be a 'burden on the Australian health system' . The Queensland government labelled the Federal Government's decision to deport Ms Sevilla as 'cold and heartless'  .
Wood Green animal charity has teamed up with cleaning and DIY app Handy to offer cat fostering service. Cats will not just catch mice but the scent they leave behind can also discourage rodents. The service is only available in London for now.
Researchers photographed the faces and recorded the voices of 42 women with an average age of 24. They asked a group of men to rate the women’s voices on attractiveness and another group to judge the attractiveness of faces.
At least five tornadoes were spotted across north and central Texas Sunday evening as part of a severe storm system sweeping the region. Storm started Sunday evening in Comanche County, Texas and moved northeast towards the Dallas/Fort Worth area. One of the tornados was described as slow-moving and 'extremely dangerous' by the National Weather Service.
New Zealand Prime Minister John Key was forced to apologise to a waitress for touching her hair while she was working at a cafe in Auckland. The 26-year-old waitress said she 'expected more from him' and wanted 'the public to be aware' She wrote a blog post shaming him for his behaviour and saying it made her 'uncomfortable' After the incident, Reddit users started tracking down old pictures and videos of Mr Key touching other young girls' hair.
Cassandra Fortin, 17, was diagnosed with Hodgkin's lymphoma in September. She and her mother initially refused the recommended treatment, saying they wanted to explore natural alternatives. But in January a court ruled Cassandra could not make the decision because she was not legally mature enough and the state's Department of Children and Families gained temporary custody of her. Cassandra was confined at Connecticut Children's Medical Center, where she underwent six rounds of treatment that doctors say will give her an 85 percent chance of survival. She will be free to make her own medical decisions when she turns 18 in September    .
Reality TV star, 24, is face of Very.co.uk's #cantwaitforsummer campaign. Shows off her toned midriff in high-summer swimwear and tropical print sun dresses to perfection in shoot .
More than two dozen babies born to surrogate mothers for gay Israeli couples are being airlifted out of Nepal. Several premature babies ferried to Israeli military base on one of country's emergency rescue aircraft. Five more infants landed safely in Tel Aviv with their Israeli families on Monday. Many Israeli male couples have traveled to capital of Kathmandu to father children with help of surrogate mothers.
Dr Xiao-Ping Zhai has been helping women conceive for decades using only traditional Chinese medicine. Her methods include acupuncture and prescribing a bespoke combination of Chinese herbs. One of them was advertising director Jane Parker's son Rupert, conceived when she was 40 .
Isobel Attwood has not made contact with her family since leaving her home in Winchester, Hampshire, on Saturday afternoon. Police are appealing for help to find the schoolgirl who is described as white, 5ft 4ins tall, of a 'small build' and has brown hair with extensions, with extensions  .
Kathie Lee Gifford said on Monday that Kris didn't know Bruce's secret and she's still 'trying to get her act together' when it comes to dealing with the news. The Olympic gold medalist confirmed to the world on Friday that 'to all intents and purposes I am a woman' and said his third wife Kris, like his previous two wives, knew about his desire to be female. Diane Sawyer said during the ABC 20/20 special that Kris had declined to comment.
Gel contains platelet-rich plasma - a concentrated mix of substances in the blood that play a role in healing. U.S. researchers are testing it as a dressing for burns.
Dawn, who has had seven miscarriages, was appearing on The Jeremy Kyle show. She accused long-term chum, convicted burglar Jamie, of stealing money from her. When test revealed he was lying, she burst into tears and stormed off stage.
Chrystie Crownover, the daughter of a Mormon minister, told how the Olympic champion first opened up to her when they married in 1972. 'I was speechless, I didnt't really know what to say. I was pleased that he shared that intimacy with me. He was such a manly man. He never indicated anything feminine in his demeanor. It wasnt really a threat, or a problem' The couple, who had a son Burt and a daughter Cassandra, separated when she was pregnant with their second child.
Ian Pettigrew, 46, from Ontario, Canada, was working on his book of portraits, Just Breathe: Adults with Cystic Fibrosis, when he realized that he had far more female subjects than male subjects. He became inspired to start his second project, Salty Girls, starring women with the disorder, starring CFers.
John Goodwin, 75, shot himself near his car outside the Rockingham County Superior Courthouse in Brentwood on Friday. He was airlifted to a hospital, where he died from his injuries. The jury was not aware of what had happened outside the courthouse when they decided not to convict.
The Keshwa Chaca spans the Apurimac River near Huinchiri, Peru, in the Province of Canas. It takes three days to rebuild the 90ft long bridge each year using the same techniques as their Inca ancestors. The last Inca rope bridge was built in the early 17th century and has become a tourist attraction.
73-year-old woman suffered severe bruising to her legs and ribs after crash. Her blue Vauxhall Corsa collided with railings on petrol forecourt in Hulme, Manchester. Thief sneaked into her car and stole device.
Craig Lister, 54, was diagnosed with prostate cancer in 2012. He is now well and his tumours have shrunk, but is still taking hormone treatment. Hormone therapy reduces levels of testosterone in the body.
Princess Beatrice visited the Maple Hayes School of Dyslexia in Litchfield, Staffordshire. The 26-year-old was greeted by flag-waving children as she arrived at the school. It is the second engagement in less than four days for the Princess, who was in Reading on Friday to open a memorial garden.
Loretta Lynch was sworn in Monday as the 83rd U.S. attorney general, becoming the first African-American woman to serve as the nation's top law enforcement official. 'We can restore trust and faith both in our laws and those who enforce them,' Lynch said, an apparent reference to ongoing efforts to repair relations between police departments.
Tens of thousands of selfies have emerged on social media to mark ANZAC Day. Some people have posted inappropriate or disrespectful captions about the special day. Others have uploaded meaningful captions for the fallen soldiers but their photos have illustrated another story. WARNING: GRAPH.
Deputy Prime Minister insists he will fight for his job 'in all circumstances' Friends of Mr Clegg have previously indicated he will quit as leader if Lib Dems are reduced to fewer than 30 MPs after the election .
Extra stretch of coastline on Shiretoko Peninsula near the town of Rausu has risen as high as 50ft from the sea surface. Geologists believe the emergence is a result of a landslide nearby, when melting ice and snow dropped.
Meteorologists say an east coast low – the same weather system that lashed the state's east coast for three days last week – could hit again. Heavy rain could hit the region from Thursday through to Saturday. The State Emergency Service was deluged with calls for assistance last week and has more than 4,000 jobs from the 24,196 requests still to be completed.
James Staring, a London-based personal trainer, says there are four simple ways to banish belly fat. Avoid white bread and pasta and only eat carbohydrates after exercise. Carrying out full body exercises will speed up metabolism and burn more calories afterwards. Do short bursts of high intensity exercise and write a food diary for 30 days .
Rose McGrath was dismissed from St Joseph Middle School in Battle Creek, Michigan, for not meeting academic and attendance standards. She's been battling leukemia since 2012 and has missed several days of school because of the recovery process. The school wrote in a letter addressed to Rose's father that officials worked with her but absences 'hampered her academic performance' Rose's mother says her daughter isn't skipping out of school 'to have fun' but that she has to miss school because she doesn't feel well. She will attend a public school for now.
Audrey Hepburn voted Britain's most stylish Brit of all time with 27% of the vote. Princess Diana came second, David Beckham third and Kate Middleton fourth. David Bowie came in eighth place, while Kate Moss came in at number 10 in the poll .
'As if the Sherlock hiatus wasn't bad enough... experiencing #Poldark withdrawal symptoms already,' tweeted one fan. Others complained of having their Monday morning blues made worse by not seeing Aidan Turner again. The drama has proved one of the most successful of 2015 so far .
Christopher Nathan May, 50, is accused of killing Tracey Woodford, 47, after her body was discovered on Friday. Her body was found at a flat in Pontypridd, south Wales, with 'massive injuries' May appeared in court today charged with a single charge of murder.
Tim Ward's wife of 38 years, Brandy, was killed in the March 2014 mudslide in Oso, Washington. He was buried under 25 feet of mud and broke his pelvis, but managed to call for help. Just a week later, he was told he did not have 'landslide insurance' and could not pay his mortgage. For a year, he has been struggling to pay for his mortgage and rent property.
The Nissan Note Mk1 was named the most uncomfortable car in a poll of 61,000 drivers. The Hyundai i20 Mk1 and Fiat Panda Mk2 were named the second and third most uncomfortable. Lexus has five models in the top ten most comfortable cars .
Broadcasters, including the BBC, are pushing for the mobile industry to activate the FM chips within smartphones to allow users to access their free radio feature. It is thought many mobile phone network providers are reluctant to allow this because it would reduce demand for data used by streaming internet broadcasts. The National Association of Broadcasters (NAB) in the US warns that FM radio on mobile phones could prove vital in an emergency  .
According to a family friend of Chan's, the pair wed inside the chapel at Besi Prison on Nusakambangan Island on Monday. This comes just months after the Bali Nine ringleader proposed to his girlfriend while he was still at Kerobokan Prison in February. Febyanti accepted his proposal, despite the fact that she knew he was condemned to death by Indonesian president Joko Widodo. The wedding was officiated .
Ashley Arenson said boyfriend Dan Fredinburg, 33, had a way of making people around him feel special. He was one of four Americans confirmed to have died when an earthquake hit Nepal on Saturday. He had been travelling to the Himalayas frequently as part of the Google Adventures team, who were mapping out extreme routes around the world.
Kim Richards was arrested at the Beverly Hills Hotel on April 16 after a heated exchange with the maître d' at the swanky bar. The 50-year-old admits to Dr Phil McGraw that she had a glass of vodka at her daughter Brooke's house before she drove to the hotel. Richards says she pulled into the hotel on her way home because it was a 'comfortable, familiar' place and she felt the alcohol taking affect. She says she didn't head straight to the bar with the intention of buying alcohol. The mom-of-four insists she was 'angry and frightened' when she refused to leave the bar .
Lydia Bright said she would 'snog or marry Ed because he's the best-looking one out of them all' The Only Way Is Essex star said Mr Miliband 'definitely' topped her list of political leaders. She interviewed the Labour leader as part of Twitter campaign.
The St Ivan Rilski Church is the only remaining evidence of the community of Zapalnya, Bulgaria. Residents lived there until they were forced to leave their homes to make way for a dam. The crumbling stone structure now cuts a ghostly figure.
Jennifer is a huge fitness fan, and the mother of two has completed triathlons. Modified push-ups with your knees on the floor activate the entire upper body to get that J-Lo tone.
Palaeontologists are referring to Chilesaurus diegosuarezi as a 'platypus' dinosaur because of its bizarre combination of characteristics. The animal is proving to be an evolutionary jigsaw puzzle because it belongs to the the theropod group of dinosaurs - which includes the famous meat eaters Velociraptor, Carnotaurus and Tyrannosaurus, from which birds today evolved - but was vegetarian.
The EOssc2 is described as an 'ultra flexible micro-car for mega cities' and is designed to connect to others to form a train. It pivots using wheels powered by separate motors and shrinks from 8ft (2.5metres) to 5ft ft (1.5m) It is currently being tested in the cities of Bremen and Dalian, China. The concept vehicle is intended to be semi-autonomous and drive itself.
Emergency services were called to the Parmelia Hotel in Perth at about 1am on Monday. A 22-year-old man jumped from the 10th floor and landed in the shallow end of the pool. Guests heard a disturbance between a man and a woman who were visiting from a US naval ship.
Rhiannon Wilkinson, head of Wycombe Abbey in Buckinghamshire, says girls do better in single sex schools. She says a 'boy free' environment allows girls to focus on their work rather than impressing boys. Boys are known to mature slower than girls .
Ukip leader said his party is now the 'serious challenger' to Labour in northern seats. Accused the party of making claims Ukip is racist because it is 'running scared' . Called on Conservative supporters to vote tactically to help Ukip beat Labour in its target seats in the North East .
Brett Allen Marihugh, 34, of Livonia, Michigan, died Sunday. Special Warfare Operator 1st Class Seth Cody Lewis, 32, of Queens, New York, was found unresponsive on Friday at the bottom of the Combat Swimming Training Facility at Joint Expeditionary Base Little Creek-Fort Story in Virginia .
Speaking at a closed-door meeting with Jewish donors in Las Vegas, George W Bush suggested Obama's plan to lift sanctions on Iran was not plausible - and comes too early. Said Iran's government and President Hassan Rouhani appear to be caving in - and implied America could lose leverage if it relaxes sanctions. Said comprehensive nuclear deal would likely have negative impact on US national security in the future. Bush's concerns are in stark contrast to Obama's belief .
The Egyptian-themed mansion advertised online as Pharaoh's Palace promises a 'perfect private location' on seven secluded acres in Tampa, Florida. Millionaire Gary Lowndes purchased the property in 2013 for $2 million and had planned to film a reality show about strippers on the property. He has now put it back on the market after being found in violation of country zoning codes over noisey private functions held on the grounds. Lownds was warned he will be fined $1,000 a day if further commercial functions take place.
Youngster was confronted by Isa Richardson who claimed she needed money because her car had broken down. Richardson, 46, is a well-known beggar in Maidstone, Kent, who has a history of begging and outstanding fines. She admitted her latest offence when she appeared before magistrates at Maidstone court.
The 41-year-old model and television personality also premiered a new short hairdo at the awards ceremony honouring the best in daytime television. Matt Lauer received plenty of thanks during the two-hour broadcast on the Pop basic cable network after a comedy bit featuring pasties and black stockings   .
John Lord, 86, went missing from his home on April 6 less than a week after his wife's death. June, 81, died from a 'catastrophic bleed' to the brain on March 31. Family feared the worst after discovering a note describing how much he missed his wife of 63 years. Body pulled from River Trent on April 15 by a specialist underwater search unit was sadly that of him.
Karen Bell, 42, from Hull, met the man on dating website Plenty of Fish and exchanged flirty texts. Pair met up to act out their sexual fantasy in which she spanked him with a pair of trainers. She then threatened to post the footage on Facebook unless he paid her £25. Bell has now been jailed for 12 months after pleading guilty to blackmail .
Buy and Keep launched in April 2014 for Sky+HD subscribers in the UK and Ireland. It lets people stream movies straight to their TV, or to their mobiles using an app, as well as receive a hard copy in the post. Films can also be watched across multiple devices using a 'follow me' function. New releases cost £13.99 and classics are £7.
Polish authorities said last week they would ban entry to the Night Wolves Motorcycle Club. Leaders called their plans to ride through Poland en route to commemorations a 'provocation' The group vowed to enter anyway and 15 were seen Monday morning at the border crossing between Brest, Belarus, and Terespol, Poland. Poland is extremely critical of Russian actions in Ukraine .
Pat Senior, 66, has shared her five-bedroom home in Bolton, Greater Manchester, with the animals. She estimates that she spends £240 a week on food and treats for the dogs, with veterinary bills adding another £17,000 a year .
Betheny Coyne, 24, from Wigan, Lancashire, was diagnosed with a rare heart defect before she was born. Doctors warned being pregnant could have placed a fatal strain on her heart. But she defied medical predictions and now, aged 24, she is mother to three healthy children   .
Australian Financial Review journalist Geoff Winestock has spoken out in support of sacked SBS journalist Scott McIntyre. McIntyre was fired on Sunday after calling Anzac day 'the cultification of an imperialist invasion' and accused Australian Diggers of committing war crimes. The senior writer for the AFR labelled Anzacs 'racist yobs' and Anzac Day a 'death cult' McIntyre's comments came on the 100th anniversary of the tragic Battle of Gallipoli. SBS Managing Director Michael Ebeid was quick to distance the national broadcaster from the reporter's comments. Social media users accused SBS of being 'complicit' with the tweets.
Kieran Murray, from Brisbane in Queensland, recently spent months travelling across the US. He documented his interactions with locals all around the country. One man in Austin, Texas was convinced Murray was saying 'Get out (of) my nightgown' . Another man in New York said 'sounds Chinese to me man' when asked by the Brisbane man to repeat the phrase.
Tests show Linden Officer Pedro Abad's blood alcohol content was 0.24; the legal limit in New York is 0.08. Abad crashed head-on into a tractor-trailer after leaving a Staten Island strip club on March 20. Officer Frank Viggiano and friend Joe Rodriguez were killed; Abad and Officer Patrik Kudlac were critically injured. Hours before the crash, Abad had posted a photo of three shot glasses filled with what he identified as 'Jack Daniels Fire on the house'  .
Met Office has a severe yellow ‘be aware’ ice warning for north-east Scotland, warning motorists of a disruption risk. Sleet and snow forecast for today and tomorrow from the Pennines northwards, and there were small accumulations yesterday in the Cairngorms. Conditions this week are set to be average for April, with showers on the way and temperatures barely in double figures. Comes less than a fortnight after the mercury breached the 25C (77F) mark in Kent on April 15 .
Leaks from NBC investigation point to 11 incidents where Brian Williams lied about his reporting, according to reports. Leaked information is designed to make the disgraced newsman resign, say media executives. NBC investigation found he lied in his reporting to make himself look good at least 11 times. Williams was suspended for six months after it emerged he lied about being on a military helicopter in Iraq.
Tamale Rocks was performing at Chicago bar Cigars and Stripes when she stumbled on the creepy looking glass. She filmed a video of the two-way mirror in the women's restroom showing a clear view of the toilet. Bar owner Ronnie Lottz said it was set up as part of a Halloween prank in 2001 and has brought his staff 'joy' .
Colin Pitchfork was jailed for life in 1988 for raping and killing two schoolgirls in 1983 and 1986. He was the first man to be convicted on the basis of DNA evidence after being caught two years later. He received a 30-year minimum sentence which was then cut to 28 years in 2009. Former Lord Chief Justice Lord Judge ruled in 2009 that Pitchfork should not be released until the public could be assured it was safe .
Mitchell Keenan, 32, was forced to live in a tent after being evicted from his home last year. His sister discovered his blackened toes and rushed him to hospital where he was diagnosed with frostbite . They were so badly diseased that they could not be saved and had to be amputated . Mr Keenan had been living in the tent with his father Keith, 62, after they were evicted for falling behind with repayments.
Prince Harry will fly out of the UK to Australia without seeing his new niece or nephew. He will not be able to meet the new royal baby until he returns to this country in mid May. Harry will be bumped down to fifth in the line of succession by arrival.
Nasa scientists in California have revealed an interactive 3D map for Vesta using images from the Dawn spacecraft. The map lets you see features on the surface including craters, hills, mountains and 'canyons' You can also measure elevation changes and see different measurement data. And a 'gaming mode' lets you fly around the largest asteroid in the solar system using your keyboard's arrow keys. Various tools also let you find out more information.
Eben Kaneshiro, 35, was arrested last week and charged with three counts of first-degree sodomy and sexual abuse involving a boy. Authorities believe he hanged himself in his cell at Deschutes County Adult Jail, Oregon. Paramedics were unable to revive him after he was found unconscious around 3am Sunday.
Inspectors in Welshpool and Llandrindod Wells have been accused of being too lax. Powys County Council needs to issue 40 per cent more tickets just to break even. Investigation was carried out by officials from Powys Council .
Man in his 50s was hit by a car at a busy junction in Dezhou City, east China. He was thrown off his motorbike and later died in hospital from his injuries. His brother had died at the same junction eight months earlier after colliding with a lorry  .
3AW radio host John Burns has been named as the media personality who allegedly called Bachar Houli a 'terrorist' The alleged comment was made at a club function at the MCG on Friday night. The radio station confirmed a complaint has been made against Mr Burns. Mr Burns said he doesn't recall making the comment, and is 'mortified' by the allegation. He apologised unreservedly if any offence was caused.
Teachers are helping pupils to cheat by giving advice during exams, wrongly bumping up marks and even writing coursework. Tactics used to bend the rules were revealed by more than 500 whistleblowing teachers. One in five reported colleagues had written sections of coursework or dictated essays .
A petition has been launched asking for Sunrise's Samantha Armytage to apologise for comments she made on-air last month. She congratulated non-identical twins Lucy and Maria Aylmer on 'getting her dad's fair skin' . The 37-year-old and Sunrise vehemently deny the claims of the petition, saying she was taking a dig at herself.
The £2,000 designer tote bag was a 50th birthday gift for Sabine Smouha from her husband Jeremy. It was made from the skin of a Nile crocodile, a protected species under the Convention of International Trade in Endangered Species (CITES) The Border Force has repeatedly refused to return it to her since 2013.
Cremated human bones packed neatly into cooking pot and set off at side of River Walbrook in London. Experts question whether they were part of gruesome ceremony at London Crossrail site. Boudiccan Revolt raged from 60-61AD and saw British tribes unsuccessfully try to defeat Roman army. The revolt resulted in Camulodunum, now Colchester, and Verulamium, now St Albans, being burnt to the ground while thousands of people on both sides lost their lives.
Cleveland Cavaliers forward Kevin Love dislocated his left shoulder during the first half in game four of the first round of the NBA Playoffs against the Boston Celtics on Sunday. Photos appeared to show that Love was dragged by the arm by Boston Celtics center Kelly Olynyk. Love said he intends on returning to the playoffs this season and wants the NBA to review the play .
Naunihal Singh woke up great-grandfather Ujjal Singh, 63, and slashed him with a kitchen knife. The attack in Crumpsall, Manchester, came after a heated argument over the couple's lack of children. Today, the 54-year-old was jailed at Manchester Crown Court for at least 17 years and 39 days after admitting murder.
Of those who do spot the tiny animals, only a quarter see them frequently, RSPB found. There are thought to be less than 1 million hedgehogs living in the UK today, an estimated 30 per cent drop since 2013  .
A pair of border collies were caught on camera performing a balancing act. Using a human as their base, pooches Ace and Holly stood up high on their hind legs, with their front paws up  .
Mark 1 version of Reginald Mitchell's famous design was among the first built in March 1940. Spitfire P9374 was being piloted by Flying Officer Peter Cazenove over Dunkirk when it was hit by a single bullet. Plane was consumed by the sandy beach and remained there for 40 years before it was discovered in 1980. It was almost certainly flown by Squadron Leader Roger Bushell, later 'Big X', during the Great Escape. It is expected to fetch up to £2.5million when it is auctioned for charity .
Alton Hines was waiting for his fiancé, 33-year-old Leah O'Brien, at her home on the night of Saturday, April 25, when he received a call from her father telling him she had been in a car accident and didn't make it to the prom. The popular teacher was killed when the car she was driving to chaperone the school prom was hit by a vehicle carrying two students also on their way to the dance. Ramiro Pedemonte, 19, was arraigned Friday on charges including homicide, reckless driving, and serious injury by motor.
Furniture dating back to 1820 was moved from the library at Ickworth House in Suffolk earlier this year. It was replaced with four brown leatherette bean bags to encourage visitors to 'dwell and take in the atmosphere' in the room  .
Cody Knecht, of St. Tammany Fire District in Louisiana, was sent out to rescue the baby mallards. The firefighter is seen holding a pole with his phone attached to it into the waterway .
Steve Ells, the company's co-CEO and founder, discussed the new development with CNN Money. 'It's relatively easy for us to have all non-GMO ingredients,' he said. 'I mean, because we don't have many ingredients in the first place' The move marks Chipotle as the first GMO-free national fast food chain. Rice, meat marinades, chips, salsa, and tortillas will not be made with GMOs.
Selina Dicker, 38, from London, was at the same camp on April 18 last year when an avalanche killed 16 Sherpas who were climbing ahead of her group. The tragedy forced Miss Dicker to abandon her first attempt on the summit. She was in the same climbing party as Google executive Dan Fredinburg, who died in the avalanche on Saturday. Six helicopters have been flying perilous rescue missions since the earthquake triggered a 'tsunami' of ice and rock which crushed Base Camp, killing at least 18 people and injuring dozens more. Up to 70 Britons are unaccounted for. Susannah Ross, 20, from South Africa, has sent an SOS message saying she is not in contact with her family.
Brenda Finn, 30, says losing her hair at the age of 14 destroyed her confidence. She was also left suffering crippling anxiety and depression after bullying forced her to leave school. Now, after her family paid for her to have eyebrows tattooed on, she says she is finally able to face the world. She is calling for medical tattooing to become available.
Spherical map of galaxy superclusters is the most complete picture of our cosmic neighbourhood to date. It will help astrophysicists understand how matter is distributed in the universe and provide key insights into dark matter .
Some 1,000 carved Moai line the perimeter of the 12 mile (25km) volcanic island, which is the most isolated inhabited landmass on Earth with just 6,000 residents. The 887 statues gaze inland across the island with an average height of 13ft (four metres) All but 53 of the Moai were carved from tuff - compressed volcanic ash - and around 100 wear red pukao of scoria. But it is a mystery as to how the stones were transported.
Stephen Gilbert was bitten by a dog while campaigning for re-election in St Austell and Newquay. He joked that the dog had 'unresolved anger issues' after posting a photo online of his bloodstained hand. Lib Dem insiders today admitted the party is on course to lose 20 MPs.
Ginsburg, 82, will be part of a decision which begins hearing arguments tomorrow on whether states are allowed to ban same-sex unions and refuse to recognize those made in other states. She has been unusually open about her opinions ahead of the cases, cutting against a long-held tradition of not speaking out in advance. Decision is expected this summer.
Marcus Yensen, 95, and his wife Madelyn, 94, died within hours of each other earlier this month. Madelyn died after suffering a seizure when she was called over to her husband's bedside and was holding his hand. The couple married on October 17, 1940, only a month after they met when he took a dance lesson from her .
The body's pH value tells you how acidic or alkaline your body is. An alkaline body can be achieved by eating the right foods (lots of leafy greens) and exercising, Elle says.
Myuran Sukumaran has pledged to stare down the firing squad who will drag him to a jungle clearing and kill him shortly after midnight Wednesday. His close supporter and artist Ben Quilty has taken to the airwaves in a desperate final bid to stop his execution. 'Myuran always said to me he would never take this lying down,' Mr Quilty told Radio 2GB. The Australian duo selected the spiritual advisers who will accompany them to their execution. They will likely take place in 'Death Valley' - a clearing on Nusakambagan.
Jemma Gawned was one of the housemates on the first Australian series of Big Brother in 2001. The 40-year-old now runs a wildly successful raw food empire called Naked Treaties. The Byron Bay-based woman says the secret to her success is 'spreading the vibration of love through food' . She says she never watched any footage of her on the show until last year. The former Big Brother contestant says she is glad about the experience .
Sierra Pippen, 20, charged with public urination and public intoxication. Police were called to Sheraton hotel in Iowa City at 1.30am on Sunday. She was arrested at the same place on April 10 for public intoxication  .
David Curry, 49, had travelled ten miles from home to visit The Wallow in Blyth, Northumberland. He was told he could not stay in the pub because he was wearing a pair of £40 Adidas trousers. The pub chain has apologised to Mr Curry for the incident.
J.M. Giordano, who works at the City Paper, says Baltimore police 'swarmed over' him and hit him repeatedly. The 41-year-old photographer says he was standing in front of a police line when they suddenly started marching and he couldn't get out of the way fast enough. A video posted to the newspaper's website shows at least two police officers in riot gear hitting and kicking him.
Sir Frank Kitson, 88, is accused in the case of Patrick Eugene Heenan, a Catholic killed by loyalists in 1973. It is the first time a retired senior officer has been personally sued over the Troubles. Sir Frank said he was confused because he was not even serving in Northern Ireland at the time of the murder.
Dr Mark Bellis is giving a talk at a conference in Las Vegas this week about the history of binge drinking. Ancient civilisations have had to deal with drunken behaviour for thousands of years.
The Waze app allows users to tag the locations of parked police vehicles, accidents, congestion, traffic cameras, potholes and more. Ismaaiyl Brinsley, 28, killed two NYPD police officers in Brooklyn in December. He was known to have used the app to monitor the movements of police officers.
Sharon Smith, 43, from Halesowen, West Midlands, was a bulky size 26 when she went on business trip in 2012. Today she weighs in at a healthy 9st 9lb and is due to run a 10k race on Sunday in Birmingham .
Researchers from National Chung Hsing University in Taiwan studied the expression of a class of genes known to be associated with petal development. They found that in mature orchid flowers, the expression pattern suggests two protein complexes, called the 'L' complex and the 'SP' complex, compete to promote the formation of the lip and standard petals. They were able to convert lips into petals in two orchid species using gene silencing.
Poppy Smart, 23, claims she was wolf-whistled at by builders on her way to work in Worcester city centre. The marketing co-ordinator recorded the constant whistling using her smartphone's video function. She also contacted one of the construction companies working at the site to complain of sexual harassment to the police .
Greystone Park Psychiatric Center, in New Jersey, was built in 1876 to house hundreds of mentally ill patients. It was once one of the largest asylums in the US, housing more than 7,500 patients and reached its peak in 1953 with 800 patients . It has long been abandoned and has been left to fall into disarray, with doors and windows blown out . Preservationists are fighting to save the building and claim it should be turned into a museum and housing  .
Research by wildlife charity the WWF identified 11 'deforestation fronts' where 80 per cent of projected global forest losses by 2030 could occur. The areas are the Amazon, the Atlantic Forest and Gran Chaco, the Cerrado and the Choco-Darien in South America, the Congo Basin, East Africa, eastern Australia, the Greater Mekong in South East Asia, Borneo, New Guinea and Sumatra. They are home to indigenous communities that depend on forests for their livelihood.
The 511 elephant tusks, worth $6million (£4m), were seized upon arrival at a major port in Chonburi province in eastern Thailand. The bust came after customs officials received a tip-off in Laos and Thailand and tracked the containers from Kenya, Customs Department Director-General revealed.
Nicola Bonn, 34, from London, started a blog called Upfront Mama about raising her daughter Poppy, 14 months. Many of her posts have gone viral. Says she's spent way too much time explaining herself and apologising for her decisions and it has to stop.
Rifaat al-Assad, 77, went into exile in Europe after staging a failed coup against his brother Hafez al Assad. He has since spent more than 30 years living a life of luxury in Paris, London and Marbella. Prosecutors in Paris have revealed details of the year-long probe into his finances. Activists say his fortune was stolen during his time at the heart of the Syrian regime while he was vice president  .
Undersheriff Tim Albin, of the Tulsa County Sheriff's Office in Oklahoma, quit his job Monday after new revelations about how the department treated elderly killer Robert Bates, 73. Bates, who was a volunteer deputy, shot dead Eric Harris, 44, after he was tackled to the ground. Video of the killing shows Bates exclaiming that he opened fired by accident, and apologizing. He has been charged with manslaughter .
Jeremy Clarkson, James May and Richard Hammond were about to renew lucrative contacts for three more years. But offer was scrapped after Clarkson punched show's producer Oisin Tymon in a rage over a hot meal. James May revealed he had prematurely celebrated the three-year deal by ordering Ferrari 458 Speciale. Clarkson was sensationally sacked by the BBC last month .
The 41-year-old wore a pair of skyscraper heels to cheer on her son Romeo, 12, in the marathon. She accessorised her skinny jeans, leather jacket and 'Team Romeo' T-shirt.
Stana Katic, 37, married longtime boyfriend Kris Brkljac in Croatia over the weekend. The walk down the aisle took place on the same weekend as the Castle star's 37th birthday. The couple have been together for years.
Ellen Gallant, a cardiologist from Utah, was attempting to climb the world's tallest mountain. She was on Everest when the 7.8 magnitude earthquake struck, sparking an avalanche that killed 18 people. Four US citizens who were on Mount Everest are confirmed to have died along with 15 other climbers .
An MP passed a dossier of information to the department in the hope it would kick-start a fresh police investigation. But instead the paperwork was shelved by officials until it was discovered in 2013 and passed to Leicestershire Police. The revelation will heighten fears that the peer, now 86, was the beneficiary of an Establishment cover-up. WARNING: GRAPH.
Two-year-old Landen Martin ran behind the vehicle as his uncle was attempting to back out of the driveway of a Gainesville, Georgia home on Sunday at 12.25pm. Joshua Saunders, 19, was arrested on charges including DUI, reckless driving, leaving the scene of an accident and vehicular homicide.
Over 300 people gathered at Sydney Harbour for a candlelight vigil in front of a huge flower wall reading '#keephopealive' on Monday night. Brisbane, Melbourne and Perth also saw hoards of people congregate to show solidarity for the condemned duo. The two men are set to be executed just after the stroke of midnight on Wednesday.
Yves Van De Ven, 37, posted a picture of him 'missing' the top of the Eiffel Tower on social media. The Belgian food blogger wanted to poke fun at tourist clichés. His photo with the tower captioned 'nailed it' was uploaded to photosharing website 4chan .
Texas A&M, Galveston, professor Irwin Horwitz emailed his strategic management class of about 30 students. He told them he was going to fail all of them because of the bad behavior he had seen during the semester. The university has said that the failing grades Horwitz's wishes to give out will not hold because of his actions .
Christi Shepherd, seven, and her brother Robert, six, died from carbon monoxide poisoning in Corfu in October 2006. Their father Neil Shepherd and his girlfriend Ruth Beatson were also almost killed by the fumes. Their bodies were found by a maid at the four-star Corcyra Beach Hotel, Corfu, along with their mother Sharon Wood's ex-husband.
Brisbane locals were left scratching their heads after the mysterious message 'I'm sorry' was splashed across the city's clear blue sky. The aerial apology was followed by a love heart and two crosses for kisses on Monday.
Virginia Trimble Ritter's daughter, Marcia, was raped and choked to death by Jerome Sydney Barrett in 1975. Marcia's body was found 33 days after she disappeared. Ritter had declined to see the photos for several decades, and not even after Barrett was convicted 33 years later.
Derek Murray, a University of Alberta law student, accidentally left his headlights on all day. When he returned to his car, he found an extension cord and battery charger left by a stranger to help him get it started. The note has since gone viral and even Edmonton Mayor Don Iveson retweeted.
'Insta-fame' is the latest criterion for models wanting to book jobs, according to modelling agencies. 'Influencers' and 'bloggers' are now being added to traditional model portfolio. Vivien's Models launched an 'influencer' section two months ago  .
A Harvard-led study has mapped taste buds on a tongue for the first time. Scientists examined the different cells used to identify taste and watched these cells capture and process molecules live. Shining a bright infrared laser on the mouse’s tongue caused different parts of it and ‘flavour molecules’ to fluoresce. Scientists were also able to spot blood vessels up to 240 microns below.
Nicola Sturgeon vows to use influence of dozens of MPs to get her way for next five years. SNP leader insists she will lead any talks with next UK government despite not standing for election. New opinion poll puts SNP on 54 per cent, up two points on two weeks ago, with Labour down two points to 22 per cent.
Lu Xincai takes his 84-year-old mother to work with him on the back of his motorbike every day. He ties a sash around both of their waists to ensure that she doesn't fall off. His mother suffers from Alzheimer's and used to get lost when she was left alone  .
Marie Teresa Ratcliffe refused to defend herself against a raft of misconduct charges. She worked at Furness General Hospital in Cumbria between 2004 and 2013. The Nursing and Midwifery Council heard she accepts 77 allegations relating to her care and treatment of 14 patients. Ms Ratcliffe said she will 'regret what happened for the rest of my life' .
Michael Churton from New York, was with four colleagues at the base camp, 17,500ft above sea level, when he was knocked down by the tsunami of snow. The 38-year-old believes that the force of the earthquake shook loose a big ice shelf, which careered down the mountainside towards him and a group of people he was with. He said: 'I told the group to get down. It was about 4,000 feet of snow just coming and there was nowhere to run' At least 17 people have died .
Taya Kyle, 40, was speaking to ABC's Robin Roberts for a special edition of 20/20 which will air on Friday, May 1. It will be the first in-depth interview that Kyle has given since former Marine Eddie Ray Routh was found guilty of capital murder on February 24 for shooting dead Chris Kyle and his friend, Chad Littlefield. He was automatically handed a life sentence without the possibility of parole.
Veteran scriptwriter for the Radio 4 drama, Keri Davies, said having a divan to hand is vital to make post-coital conversations sound convincing. Added that parties in the fictional Ambridge are limited to nine attendees because of budgetary considerations.
Leo Greene, 39, of Salt Lake City, crashed through fence lines and onto the tarmac area before crashing into another fence. He faces multiple charges including driving under the influence, fleeing and resisting arrest. No flights or passengers were affected because there was not airfield activity.
Ronald Jebson, who was responsible for the 'Babes in the Woods' murders in 1970, died of kidney failure. His final wish was for his death to be secret and victims' families only found out 11 days after he died. Beryl Hanlon, whose 12-year-old son Gary was killed, said: 'I'm glad to hear he's gone. I don't want him to hurt anyone else's children'
Jef Rouner said his five-year-old daughter was forced to cover up with jeans and a t-shirt when she was told that the spaghetti straps of her 'full-length' dress were 'against the rules' He took particular issue with the fact that school dress codes almost exclusively target girls, banning items for boys.
Andrew Silicani, 23, of Cheyenne, Wyoming, pleaded guilty on Monday in federal court to four counts of using the mail in his unsuccessful plan to hire someone to carry out the murders. He faces up to 40 years at sentencing this summer. He was serving a five- to seven-year sentence at the state prison in Rawlins for conspiracy to commit robbery and robbery resulting in bodily injury in April 2012.
Driver and Vehicle Licensing Agency (DVLA) is scrapping paper counterpart that accompanies all UK plastic photocard licences. Information about penalty points for traffic violations will be held only on the DVLA’s database. Motoring groups fear switch to fully online system will make it more difficult for car hire firms which want to check a motorist's details.
Guo Kai and girlfriend Dong Hui, 22, had planned to get married this month in Sichuan, China. But Dong was diagnosed with bone cancer last month and admitted to hospital. Family and friends helped Dong put on a beautiful wedding dress .
Secretary of State John Kerry and Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif met Monday for the first time since world powers and Iran sealed a framework agreement on April 2 that would limit Iran's ability to build a nuclear weapon. They now have little more than two months to meet their own deadline of June 30 to sign a comprehensive accord, which hinges on both sides coming to an agreement on the timing of sanctions relief. All the activity was taking place as the Senate begins debate over empowering Congress to review and possibly reject.
Mark Lowe, 32, is currently serving a five-year sentence for beating and kicking his brother Wayne to death. He killed his brother after Wayne tried to stab him during a day of fighting at his mum's house in September last year. Mark's wife Sarah is now looking after three young children alone and said: 'Mark will regret what he did for the rest of his life, because he loved his brother'
Tony Toutouni, 42, has amassed 750,000 followers on the photo-sharing site in eight months. He is threatening to take the crown of King of Instagram from his friend and fellow super-rich playboy Dan Bilzerian. Billionaire says: 'It's a lifestyle that every man wants to live and I enjoy living it' .
Chandni Nigam, 19, spent six years battling demons which spawned from obsession to do well at school. She would stay up late studying, resulting in sleep deprivation and a negative impact on her performance. Tragically, she had first told her parents she was feeling suicidal in 2013. She had even said she would stand in front of a fast train on a Tuesday to take her life .
Streaming music service Spotify believes it has identified the average age of midlife crises at 42. Staff analysed data and found users aged around 42 drop their usual playlists – which usually contain hits from their youth.
Wore bright pink, long-sleeved dress covered in bright blooms at LDNY fashion show and WIE award gala. Attended event celebrating inspirational women and ethical fashion at Goldsmiths' Hall in central London.
Former Adelaide doctor Tareq Kamleh featured in the latest ISIS propaganda video at the weekend. He urged people to join the death cult notorious for beheading non-Muslims. Despite his public support for ISIS, he still remains registered to practice medicine in Australia until September 30. The Medical Board of Australia can deregister doctors convicted of crimes. But no action has yet been taken against Dr KamleH despite the video going viral .
For many of the residents of Santa Barbara d'Oeste and neighboring Americana in Brazil's southeastern Sao Paulo state, having Confederate ancestry is a point of pride. Thousands turn out every year, including many who trace their ancestry back to the dozens of families who, enticed by the Brazilian government's offers of land grants, settled here from 1865 to around 1875. The party takes place up a dusty dirt road flanked on both sides by sugarcane plantations.
Lyn, from Chippenham, suffers from a painful and crippling condition callled hip displasia. The condition means the ball and socket joint of her hip has not formed properly. She also has scoliosis (curvature of the spine) and uses a wheelchair to get around. She stopped taking painkillers for the duration of her pregnancy as she didn't want to take any risks for her baby .
Sean Jefferson, 45, and Elizabeth Jowitt, 37, covered their home in wreaths, lanterns, memorial slates and toys. Some of the items were taken from the graves of babies, while others were from a grandmother's grave. The couple admitted handling stolen goods at York Magistrates' Court. They were banned from cemeteries indefinitely .
Royal Baby Gaga ice cream is the brainchild of breastfeeding campaigner Victoria Hiley. Made with donated breast milk - screened in line with hospital standards. 500ml tub of Royal Baby Gaga has an RSP of £19.99 and is available in pink and blue.
Joshua Sweet, 20, admitted burglary and sexual assault at Birmingham Crown Court. Judge Mary Stacey admitted the victim had been 'scarred psychologically' by the sexual assault. But he was freed after serving just two months on remand and given a three-year community order. Victim Support charity worker said 'victims deserve justice' and offenders 'must be punished'
Ian Rogers, 36, became hooked on the supernatural as a child and now owns nine haunted dolls. The dolls are said to contain the spirits of people who have passed on. Ian's favourite doll is Annabel who he believes is haunted .
German intelligence had repeatedly warned of the risk to aviation security. Diplomatic cables sent on July 15, cited incident from day before when Ukrainian air force plane was shot down at 20,000 feet over rebel-held territory .
Dan Fredinburg was one of four Americans killed when a massive earthquake struck Nepal on Saturday. The 33-year-old Google engineer was given the letters by his girlfriend Ashley Arenson just before he left. Friends have since uploaded a CrowdRise page in his memory, with all the funds going to relief efforts. WARNING: GRAPHIC.
Last month, Nasa captured a 17 miles (27km) long iceberg being born in the West Antarctica's Getz Ice Shelf. B-34 is the 34th iceberg from the 'B' quadrant of Antarctica to be tracked by the U.S. National Ice Center.
Kim Davies bought the Tudor manor in rural Wales where Cecil Frances Alexander wrote All Things Bright and Beautiful. But he made dozens of illegal alterations, including installing shiny mosaic tiles and chandeliers. Davies, 60, initially denied five charges under the Planning (Listed Buildings and Conservation Areas) Act 1990. He has now pleaded guilty to illegally altering Llanwenarth.
Ed Miliband sets out plans to scrap stamp duty for most first-time buyers, curbing rent rises and giving local people priority for new homes. But he also wants to ban developers hoarding land which could be built on, triggering a drop in the value of shares of construction firms .
New England Patriots coach Bill Belichick was caught on camera ogling model Chrissy Teigen's derriere at the White House Correspondents' Dinner on Saturday. His girlfriend Linda Holliday, who's dated Belichick since 2006, posted a photo of the incident on Instragram on Monday. Her husband, John Legend, was less forgiving than Holliday.
The woman, a single mother who reportedly works at the Philadelphia International Airport, is now facing four counts of endangering the welfare of a child. Firefighters rescued the woman's three daughters and a son, ages 9 to 13, at around 1.30pm Sunday after one of them called 911.
Queen Letizia and King Felipe met with the families of some of the victims of the crash in Barcelona today . The Spanish royal couple attended a memorial service in Barcelona's landmark Sagrada Familia basilica . They were joined by the Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy and 1,000 people. The memorial service took the form of a Catholic mass .
Prince William and Kate to use St Mary's Hospital in Paddington, central London, for birth of second child. David Cameron says he supports peoples' right to choose treatment options but praises NHS. Prince George was born at the hospital in July 2013.
American Idol runner-up Clay Aiken called Rep. Renee Ellmers a 'b**ch' and an 'idiot' on Monday's Howard Stern Show. Aiken, 36, lost to Ellmers in November's election to represent the Second District of North Carolina in the House of Representatives. Ellmers, an intensive-care nurse by training, beat a seven-term incumbent in 2010 and won a third term by crushing Aiken in November by nearly 18-point margin.
South West Trains forced to cancel all of its services following the incident this afternoon . A person was struck by a train on the track between Wimbledon and Surbiton this afternoon. Network Rail said staff were working 'flat out' to recover services but delays of up to 30 minutes were expected .
Fannie Randle, who has worked at the USC sorority Gamma Phi Beta for 24 years, was driving to work every day in an old car that was held together with duct tape. sorority president Alicia Jewell enlisted her sorority sisters to raise money for the housekeeper's new car on the crowdsourcing website GoFundMe to show her gratitude for her .
Dana Vulin was set alight by Natalie Dimitrovska at her Perth home in February 2012. The 29-year-old suffered horrific third degree burns to more than 60 per cent of her body. She spent two years and eight months wearing a compression mask to help put her face back together. Lawyers for her attacker will argue on Tuesday that she was not as badly injured as she stated in court. They are appealing for her 17-year jail sentence to be reduced to 17 years .
The $39.99 (£26) Nanoheat Wireless Heated Mug is fitted with a rechargeable battery, nanoheater and heat sleeve. It can maintain the temperature of hot drinks at between 68°C and 71°C (155 and 160°F) for up to 45 minutes. A built-in timer automatically turns off the mug if its not used for 30 minutes, to conserve energy. The mug weighs a little over one pound (454g) and can be used up to seven times before it needs to be recharged .
Crown Princess Mary attended Anzac Day ceremony in Copenhagen over the weekend. The 43-year-old chose a dark ensemble for the event, wearing a knee-length purple dress beneath a black jacket and gloves.
Economy will have grown by 0.5% in the first three months of 2015, down from 0.9% in same period in 2014. Latest growth figures will be released by the Office for National Statistics tomorrow morning. Tories have stepped up warnings about the risk to the economy .
Andrew Chan and Myruan Sukumaran will face 12 marksmen at the stroke of midnight on Tuesday. The pair will be led from their isolated cells in Batu prison through the dense tropical forest up a 3km steep winding track to a place called Nirbaya - or more appropriately known as Death Valley. They will be given white clothing to wear, which symbolises the afterlife, before beginning their fatal trek and are given the option to be blindfolded with a piece of fabric before facing the firing squad who will be lined up .
Mobile phone companies charge customers up to 20p a minute to dial what are free numbers from a landline. Net result is that millions of people dialling what should be free services end up paying hefty charges. The charges will end from July 1 under proposals published by the telecoms watchdog, Ofcom.
Greg Hardy's Bentley got stuck in flash floods in Dallas this week and he was forced to abandon it. The 25-year-old was later seen returning to the vehicle to collect some of his possessions in another car, a white Ferrari. The Dallas Cowboys star was suspended by the NFL just days ago for 10 games after being found guilty of beating, strangling and threatening to kill his ex-girlfriend, Nicki Holder, last year. Hardy will be forced to sit out the first 10 games of the 2015 season and will not receive his salary .
An estimated 26,000 people in the UK have HIV but are unaware of it. The 99.7 per cent accurate BioSure HIV Self Test enables people to test themselves when and where they like.
Tortoise retreats into its shell as two cheetahs get too close for comfort and try to scare it out of its shell. Big cats wander off in search of another snack in the Kalahari desert in South Africa.
Angus Hawley's brother David says he doesn't 'understand' the death of his fit and healthy brother. Mr Hawley, 46, died of a suspected heart attack in New York on Saturday. He is believed to have suffered a heart attack after 'returning from a swim' The former couple were married for 11 years before divorcing in 2007. He was a father to four children, all of whom he shared with Nicole Kidman's sister Antonia .
Apple sold more than 61 million iPhones in the quarter, accounting for more than two-thirds of its $58 billion in revenue. Sales of iPhones in China were also revealed to have outstripped those in the US .
